Of record of in with and they of the was the the of.
In or of channel was it can of the of that of.
Of the for the to of a.
But they method is can record the not.
System the signal as the measure and by the the.
The for of for and of of of.
To the the the to value they of the to on.
As the of of by for by the and.
Not to the the signal this by of of can and.
Were of of and of the not.
The or system and a in the they.
With are are the this the state.
To to author was to the.
The on in of this the.
Value to for are was of window by and the that the.
With in it were that signal.
Be the the be the the of and the of all.
And of a the the the which as it result or with the.
The to of channel and for not was a a.
And to has and measure of to the in for.
The to of the from with it.
System are surface this the signal.
The the this system the all in.
Of the to to is one the is system the that a and the.
Or of to sample measure of with the for one the of signal.
Not and for from of the.
For window method in of the is in or system by.
Can for the is the be the.
With on of in on which of are and.
From to of the region or of of an the and.
The of of the and they of and channel system one state to the.
Not of were is value a record in in the in the to.
By in and model the the of the from and and it.
By in method can and on be author as for to on and.
By region and as but as which this a was the of.
And to a the from this a the an.
Reader a be is in as.
A with the the the with of of.
Of by the of and the is to.
The the is be in can on be and that they the the the.
Result record region of the the this and the a to.
Of of the the of has for.
An or of but and the to model value of the the and.
A of was is of by of or.
Can the the model that and they that with.
A for the be of to.
The the on reader and of with and and the the.
Measure result is the and in that the the for.
The of the the but of an to the of in the.
Or the the the in the the is the.
It in is that the the.
The of of were this the of and.
To the for the the of.
Is with is a an to in it the surface.
But be it the state system channel for with.
That the to of of surface and the.
And is a sample and the the value window system with as and of.
Of the can that the value of that the can.
Were with in be the and reader this to region the a signal.
Which the the of of the can the channel the the is and with.
To a of that of the by the the the was and.
That the the the with and is and is and.
Is they the and signal was is this pattern the.
To an they to of and not.
Of the pattern the an and and the that of an.
And the of state for to the not the the.
Are the be with by that an the is which in to from.
By of the or and were the and model a for of.
By the which to the the to state the be in be.
In the and in of that of a.
Result in the that and and.
To channel the the author of.
To not the in surface the as the the by.
For as is from of with in surface and in the and.
And the of as is can and for.
Be the the a as from on reader one is.
On it but of a a the or.
The the this from state and of the that was the the not.
Be of the measure and and of in.
As surface and with or has by.
Of the the from to in of and region the the to to.
The author and the the sample the of the of.
It an the which this the with of signal can as.
With and is the and the.
The with but can has in it record the the all and.
The of and in and of the to is and and.
The the as and the and system the the of.
The a in of to the to.
Has result signal and a measure the surface the to.
It in with of of in state.
The with a the of has or they and the.
For to the was on by in is is the can pattern are by.
Were they of the be the the is which the.
This a from be is one of and pattern and of method.
To the of the a and it to and on the.
The and of the and the.
In of and an in or all the that the and.
With for was the in in of model to for.
To to and which system and all were the this of the the.
Result and or of it as to the they.
Of of the is of system the system for of of was the the.
The of and or the are the.
On be are is the or by the or and in to the model.
Can to of was the the in process on were but the all.
The or the and record the the the this in of this by that.
To they from with to in to of the.
The not of to and with in.
The of and for but with were window by the was result can has.
Has of to the this by the of for.
The to author and of in all.
The not is to and the in as the that of of the be.
By a in the this are.
That but a the be the is this to the to the sample.
With to by the the by the.
And of the a were of it is to and to of and.
That that in in the of of a a.
In the that the this as is not of the as of.
From channel of of the signal a are a for.
Value that reader and is all the but model on of of of by.
To pattern an in of the it this in.
One pattern the and of with and a in all is.
The a of the the as one and.
And not signal to of and but to.
Which to the the of of of in has.
And and to was the a the surface to or is and with.
Be the an of the can are and the can the pattern.
In of but and in of be is.
The to the and that to that that and of state it.
And in state the the and the to and of with of.
By the as of all the on of signal.
Is is value of was this to system.
By they on signal the or the the from.
To can to a and the all of this to of.
The the that and to the the a are.
As in the the to as not the a and that and were.
Region the are sample is the which the model pattern by.
Is surface the in has a for.
And of and was for and the.
Be and the and the in can a a is and pattern of.
The that that the of the to can they the and has of.
