# Real training text from FineWeb10B, decoded from fineweb_train_000001.bin by the GPT-2 BPE vocabulary. Source: https://huggingface.co/datasets/HuggingFaceFW/fineweb. Pipeline: https://github.com/KellerJordan/modded-nanogpt data/cached_fineweb10B.py. These are upstream bytes, not generated.

 unconsciously walking the way models do, and much to our embarrassment, unfailingly, one of our teachers will spot this and point it out.”
The president of the NAB, Mr Rozendo Mendonca says, “There was a time when the NAB did not even have a proper office to function from. The Goa branch, which completes 28 years this year, has boarding facilities and follows the integrated education model, which means that our students study in regular schools along with sighted children. We have itinerant teachers who coach them later. Ours students have performed remarkably well academically, so much so that the management of these schools tell us to enrol more students because they feel they perform much better.”
The youngest child to walk the ramp is Mohammad, a standard two student. One of the naughtiest of the group, he gives a freewheeling introduction to the rest of the participants.
Have they got the jitters about walking the ramp and facing a sea of people? 19-year-old Anita Gaonkar says confidently, “I have no fears whatsoever.” She adds, “This is our chance to show others that we are no less than anyone.”
Un till now most had just heard of what a fashion show is all about, come November 11, these kids can proudly boast they have walked the ramp. Stirred with excitement at having learnt quite a few fashion fundas, spirited Sampada Naik, a student of Dempo College, Miramar says “I never knew what a fashion show was. I merely heard that one gets to wear different dresses.” Adding to that 16-year-old Akshay Naik pipes in: “At first it was difficult for us to understand the concept, as it was new to us.”
The excitement has spilled over among their friend circle too. Marta says, “My friends in higher secondary told me that they will come for the show.”
Taha Haaziq, who teaches at the centre, says “The children were at first confused when we shared the idea of holding a fashion show with them. Gradually they warmed up to it. Looking at the fine job the children have done it will be hard to notice that the 20 children walking the ramp are visually challenged.” He adds that while getting things together, they encountered numerous problems, but there were always solutions lurking.
The showstopper for the fashion show is little Sumera Khan, all of 12 years. “I did not know what it means to be showstopper. Now I know. I have to walk in once the programme is over; I get to end the show.” How does she feel being chosen as the show stopper? Sumera blushes and says, “When they see me in my dress, all say I look beautiful.” Hard to refute that!
The fashion show has four rounds - The Traditional, the Ocean, Two Colours and Floral.
Shaheeda and Harshadwiti say that the traditional round is their favourite round, Marta names the two coloured round as her favourites. The reason being she loves strutting to the fast-paced music. For Anita it has got to be the Ocean round as her preferred colour is blue.
Sai Dhekne, a volunteer at the NAB and the core force responsible for seeing the fashion show through says, “When I first came here, I had a different viewpoint about the children here. I thought they would be shy and slow. But I was wrong. People have wrong conceptions about these children, who I have realised can see much more than the sighted. They are talented and are a joy to be with.”
“When people come to know we have a difficulty doing a task, they make fun of us and tease us,” says Vinod Pandarphale studying in the ninth standard at a school in Santa Cruz. The other children nod in affirmation to this. It is a fact that they are often slighted because of their impairment. “If we get more marks, the students in school say that the writer writes for us,” says Sumera. 11-year-old Abhinav Naik speaks for all the visually challenged when he says, “I would like people to view us in the light that they do sighted children.”

Microsoft and financial services groups---along with U.S. Marshals---have announced raids on servers that were used to deliver botnets and allegedly conduct cybercrime.
The raid, touted by Microsoft, and detailed in depth by Stephen Shankland at CNET News, could elicit two reactions as the tech news cycle plays out. First, there's the kudos to Microsoft and the thought that more tech vendors should aim to disrupt cybercrime. And then there's the weird feeling that vendors can be too tangled up in law enforcement.
A botnet attack map from Microsoft's complaint via CNET. Credit: Microsoft complaint.
Microsoft's motives are clear. The software giant presses complaints and law enforcement agencies to crack down on cybercrime. Why? Microsoft is usually the biggest target. However, that situation could change. Windows is targeted today and tomorrow it could be Google's Android and Apple's iOS. Will there be a trio of tech giants going on ride alongs too?
Your reaction to Microsoft's raid with Financial Services – Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC) and NACHA – The Electronic Payments Association, as well as Kyrus Tech Inc. may break down into those two aforementioned buckets. Here's a look at the two possible reactions.
On the surface, it's fascinating that Microsoft has a digital crime unit that can conduct "legal and technical action" against botnets.
Microsoft presses legal action---this time in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York---shares investigations with authorities. This raid took out servers in Scranton, PA and Lombard, Ill. The servers allegedly delivered Zeus botnets.
For Microsoft, the latest raid represents the fourth botnet takedown. A precedent has been set. Now Microsoft is going for strategic disruption of botnet and cybercrime operations.
If you applaud Microsoft's actions then a natural extension here is to wonder what would happen if Google, Apple, Microsoft and Cisco---maybe Intel and IBM too---joined forces to take out marauding botnet servers. That group of tech giants could form the core of a cybercrime Justice League if you will. We'll draw straws over which vendor gets to play Superman.
In any case, Microsoft's raids, complaints and coordination with partners are impressive. Perhaps that approach should be replicated.
And then there's the queasinessWhere things get odd in this Microsoft vs. the botnets scenario is that in many respects the role of law enforcement can become murky. Do we really want vendors on ride-along raids?
Microsoft raids botnet servers with law enforcement. Apple works with San Francisco cops to track down a lost iPhone prototype.
Tech vendors meeting CSI could get a little weird should this collaboration scale. What's possible when law enforcement agencies and tech giants collaborate? The outcomes are both good (cybercrime takedowns) and bad (surveillance and Big Brother outcomes).
There's also the realization that law enforcement is most likely completely outgunned on cybercrime. Is it worrisome that law enforcement needs Microsoft prodding and help to dent cybercrime?
Most of these efforts can be boiled down to private-public partnership on law enforcement and security issues. Nevertheless, Microsoft's cybercrime CSI routine can seem a bit odd---especially if it is replicated by other tech giants.
Where do I stand on these two arguments? I come down somewhere in between. It's nice to see botnet takedowns, but project forward a bit and you can see potential problems ahead. For now, it's worth pondering the tech vendor as botnet Justice League role.

Believe it or not, I grew up thinking I was.
In Colombia children learn that there are three main races: black, white and native. The combination of those creates races like “mulato” or “creole”. When identifying with a race back then, I looked at my family and my blond hair and light eyes, and thought of myself as white. However, the whole label thing was never important and it did not come into play every single day of my life. I would like to think that I was not a minority when I would not think of people as colors. I did not know one of my parents was somewhat racist until much later in life, and I lived here in the U.S.
My rude awakening to race issues came on the first day I was in the US. I was sitting down by some members of my family, and was told that I should not socialize with pretty much anyone. Do not trust anybody, not even people from your own race… I was like what? wait? what race? slow down? How do I know how a Puerto Rican is different from a Mexican? And what the heck is Latin? I thought that was a dead language.
In just hours from leaving a bunch of friends and family back at the airport, people that were bawling their eyes out because I was leaving–some even that I did not know then I would get to see again–my world view had to change. Not only did I have to very quickly learn that wearing the wrong color at school will mean I would get beat up, but also that someone speaking the same language as me was not trust worthy. The only positive thing that came out of all that was that I tried to learn English as quickly as possible.
In some instances my family was right. The school that I went to was full of gangs. Mexicans hated me without even knowing me. I quickly learned the difference between a “Chicano” and a “Chilango.” I quickly learned that half of my vocabulary was to lay dormant because the Spanish most people spoke was limited. Most of the Spanish speakers I know were told by their parents to learn English, and their mother language was pretty much lost.
I still have a hard time fitting with the concept of being part of a race. I am very proud of being Colombian, but as far as being Latino, it is an identity that is hard to fully embrace, let alone define. I made friends in high school based on personalities and not colors. Working at McD’s I made friends with co-workers regardless of race. I am not fluent in “Vato” anymore, but could probably still pick it up. But thanks to my high school experience I know the differences between the Mexican and Puerto Rican dialects very well.
There is a movie coming out soon that looks spectacular. It has action, violence, a love story. However, when my wife saw the trailer she pointed something out that I did not think about. “This is why people think of Latinos as all being a bunch of thugs.” In a way I have to agree, because so much of what people know about my “race” is because of movies. Some might think that not being able to identify myself with my race makes me lack identity… but I would disagree by saying this. The color of my skin is not something that defines who I am. While I do not ignore the baggage that comes with being a foreigner or from a different color, I try to live my life as a human being that interacts with others at that level and hopes that I am being judged by who I am and not by the label this particular society tries to put on me.

Ahoy ahoy! I'm Keith Haskel and I make quirky videos. I play Bananaman and make videos for The Chris Gethard Show, am a segment producer on Nickelodeon's "Nick Studio 10", and work with Improv Everywhere. Click here for my IMDB.
Also, I run kskill:
Here's a YouTube Playlist of the best videos I've helped make, or personally made myself: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCDACD477EEFAE2B6
Here are my classics:
STW: Poster Boy:

- Grave visitation and concepts of life after death : a comparative study in Frankfurt and Hong Kong (2012)
- Grave visitation is a tradition common to many cultures. Yet, this sensitive topic is rarely addressed in cross cultural comparisons. Why do people visit the graves of their parents? What do they do in the cemetery? Could there be a similar set of intentions behind the diverse customs? By examining the visiting patterns in Frankfurt and Hong Kong, this research is aimed at comparing the concepts of life after death that underlie the practice. Phenomenologically oriented, this is an exploratory study based on qualitative interviews. Integrated with in-depth semi-structure interviewing and thematic analysis, the project covered twelve cases in each city. Research participants were purposefully selected. Data analysis was conducted according to the analytical framework approach. After identifying and clustering of themes, three central and interlocking issues were found: 1. the grave as a new home that connects the living and the dead; 2. death and the interpretation of hope; and 3.intergenerational reciprocity and continuing bonds. Though the images of life after death were ambiguously depicted, grave tending reflected shared expectations of the world beyond. Most significantly, visits to the graves strengthened the ties between the living and the dead, revealing a longing for a continued bond regardless of the forms of burial. At the end, this research illustrated not only the meanings of death but also the notion of religiosity through evaluating the secularisation thesis. Emphasising the dynamics of tradition and personal experience, this contextual reading of current death rituals serves as an original source for religious dialogue and education.

It's not doublespeak: It's reality
By Cathy Ekstrand
Cathy is filling in for regular columnist Naomi Blohm
If you are working with a market advisor it may seem like they have a split personality. One minute they are telling you to protect the downside on un-priced bushels, and then in the same breath they encourage you to buy calls to protect the upside on what you may have sold or plan to sell. It's like market advisor speak with forked tongue.
There is good reason for this. Depending on weather, corn prices could drop to $4 or swing back up over $8, a potential 3 or 4 dollar swing. And with Dec corn near the $6 level, we're smack dab in the middle of that swing.
The key for marketing during a time of uncertainty is to have flexibility and protection. You want to protect this price level because you are profitable here, and if no drought occurs, these are strong prices. Last year December corn fell a dollar into the spring, from the $6 area down to the $5 area, before the concern over a drought started.
On the other hand, you may want to wait to price cash until you feel better about the moisture levels in your area and basis improves.
In your particular situation, February may or may not be the time to get aggressive with cash sales. You still need to be mindful where price levels are and consider hedging to protect your investment. This month, my focus will be on:
- New crop corn. December corn at the start of the year traded down to 5.70 and then rallied to 5.95, basically a 25- cent gain. The market then retreated to the 5.70 area again. There seems to be significant resistance in the $6 area due to a potential increase in acres this spring, and tempered demand.
- New crop beans have been a little more dramatic, having traded down to 12.59-2 early in January to recently hitting 13.50 area, a good 90-cent bounce on South American weather concerns. It would appear that resistance comes in at $13.50, while support is seen 50 cents lower at $13.00. A change in weather pattern for South America, or decline in demand, could erase the recent gains.
What we have to remember is that often times the best pricing opportunities arise when we know the least about our crop prospects. Take right now for example:
- We don't know for sure that we'll plant close to 100 million acres of corn in the coming year, but the market will assume that, until spring weather dictates otherwise. And should we get confirmation of those acres having been planted, whatever premium the market may have offered due to uncertainty will be erased.
- We don't know if we could have a trend line yield or not, and there again, the market has to make some assumptions, until given reason not too.

I just thought I would show you what the winner will receive of my first blog giveaway.........
Here it is.
This is called "Cowgirl Chic".
It's designed with vintage pearls, new pearls, and Montana blue fire polished Czech glass.
I hope the winner likes it!!
*******Remember to be entered, just leave me a comment for one chance, for two chances - leave a comment and join my blog, and for three chances - leave a comment, join blog and mention my giveaway on your blog site.
Thank you so much to everyone who has visited my blogs and been so supportive! I look forward everyday to your lovely comments. It truly means so much to me, and it gives me a place to be creative and to join other amazingly creative
people. You all give me such inspiration and vision each and everyday, and I will always be honored to be a part of the blogging community.
Good Luck to everyone!

Winner of the 1993 PEN/Martha Albrand Award for First Non-Fiction, Proofs and Theories is an illuminating collection of essays by Louise Glück, whose most recent book of poems, The Wild Iris, was awarded the Pulitzer Prize. Glück brings to her prose the same precision of language, the same incisiveness and insight that distinguish her poetry. The force of her thought is evident everywhere in these essays, from her explorations of other poets' work to her skeptical contemplation of current literary critical notions such as "sincerety" and "courage." Here also are Glück's revealing reflections on her own education and life as a poet, and a tribute to her teacher and mentor, Stanley Kunitz. Proofs and Theories is the testament of a major poet.
About the Author
Louise GlÜck won the Pulitzer Prize for The Wild Iris in 1993. The author of eight books of poetry and one collection of essays, Proofs and Theories: Essays on Poetry, she has received the National Book Critics Circle Award for Poetry, the William Carlos Williams Award, and the PEN/Martha Albrand Award for Nonfiction. She was named the next U.S. poet laureate in August 2003. Her most recent book is The Seven Ages. Louise GlÜck teaches at Williams College and lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

The Thing About Security
Last week, Twitter, the thing I work on, had some security issues. Earlier in the week a phishing attack started going around. Then, someone used a dictionary attack to grab the account of one of our support staff, who has administrative privileges on the site. We cleaned up both of these issues just as fast as we could. The company communicated quickly and openly about what happened, and if anything, the press seemed to encourage more people to check Twitter out. It was a stressful week, but it forced some positive changes.
It stings a bit to have experts like Bruce Schneier call us out – and rightly so – for not shoring up holes like this sooner. Defending against a dictionary attack is basic stuff. Our fix for it was an afternoon’s work. But dictionary attacks just aren’t something that’s defended against by most web authentication stacks out of the box, which means the vulnerability lingers until a security review or a successful attack. In part, I think this is due to increasing specialization in computer security education, but that’s a topic for a longer post.
The thing about security is that it requires stakeholders. I have a security background, but Twitter’s security isn’t my job. In fact, my job is pretty much the opposite: I open up as much of Twitter’s functionality as I can without (hopefully) making the system insecure. So while I’ve usually been a “first responder” to security incidents because of my background, it requires a major mental context switch from the work I normally do.
Several months after I joined Twitter in early 2007, I suggested to the team that we do a full internal security audit. Stop all work, context switch to Bad Guy Mode, find issues, fix them. I wish I could say that we’ve done that audit in its entirety, but the demands of a growing product supported by a tiny team overshadowed its priority. Now we’re in an unwelcome position that many technical organizations get into: so far into a big code-base that’s never seen any substantial periodic audits that the only way to really find all the issues is to bring in some outside help – something I sincerely hope we end up doing, but is not my call.
Outside security review is about spending enough money that your organization becomes its own security stakeholder. Invest in a high-priced security consultancy’s time for a week and you’d damn well better do something with their findings, right? It’s still a reactive model for a product’s security life-cycle, rather than a proactive one, but it’s something. Ultimately, outside security audits are the price a company pays for not building security mindfulness and education into day-to-day development.
My advice: be a stakeholder in your organization or product’s security from day one. If you don’t have time to be that stakeholder, find one, either inside or outside of your company. Make sure that dollars are on the line, or it won’t get done. There are hundreds of security issues in any complex system that fall under the heading of “basic stuff”, and they won’t get fixed until that happens.
Though maintaining users’ privacy and trust is incentive enough, the cruel reality is that good security is fueled by more than just good intentions and best efforts.

TrendingParis Air Show 2013 | Housing market | Keystone | Stephen Poloz | Apple | Extreme Saving | Wireless contracts | E3 2013 | Gold | Telus, Mobilicity deal | Xbox One | REITs | Telus-Mobilicity | CMHC | BlackBerry | Earnings | Loblaw's Joe Fresh | BCE-Astral hearings | Poll: Do you like the new $5 and $10 bills? | Air Canada | RBC | Samsung Galaxy S4 | Target Canada
By Mark Shenk
Oil fell to a one-week low after manufacturing in the euro area and China contracted and France said industrialized nations are considering a release from strategic stockpiles.
Futures dropped as much as 2.5 percent after a gauge of European manufacturing slipped as German and French factory output unexpectedly shrank, according to London-based Markit Economics. A preliminary measure of Chinese industrial activity also decreased. French Industry Minister Eric Besson said yesterday that a release is “one option” being considered.
“The manufacturing picture in China and Europe isn’t supportive for oil demand or prices,” said Addison Armstrong, director of market research at Tradition Energy in Stamford, Connecticut. “Unless there is some unforeseen political event, prices are probably heading lower.”
Crude oil for May delivery fell $2.57, or 2.4 percent, to $104.70 a barrel at 9:56 a.m. on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Prices are 5.9 percent higher this year.
Brent oil for May settlement declined $1.82, or 1.5 percent, to $122.38 a barrel on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange.
A euro-area composite index based on a survey of purchasing managers in services and manufacturing dropped to 48.7 from 49.3 in February, Markit Economic said in an initial estimate today. Economists forecast a gain to 49.6, according to the median of 21 estimates in a Bloomberg News survey. A reading below 50 indicates contraction.
The preliminary index of Chinese manufacturing slid to 48.1 for March, the lowest level since November, and compares with a final 49.6 in February, according to HSBC Holdings Plc and Markit Economics.
“The Chinese and European manufacturing data were weak,” said Bill O’Grady, chief market strategist at Confluence Investment Management in St. Louis, which oversees $1.3 billion. “The bullish case for oil has been built in large part on the prospect of Chinese growth continuing to speed ahead.”
The European Union’s 27 members accounted for 16 percent of global oil demand in 2010, according to BP Plc’s Statistical Review of World Energy, released on June 8. China, the world’s biggest oil-consuming country after the U.S. in 2010, was responsible for 11 percent of global oil use, BP figures show.
The drop in oil prices accelerated as equities decreased and the dollar climbed against the euro. The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell as much as 0.7 percent.
The dollar strengthened as much as 0.6 percent versus the European single currency, heading for its third straight gain against euro. A stronger U.S. currency increases the reduced the appeal of dollar-denominated raw materials as an investment.
The Standard & Poor’s GSCI Index of 24 raw materials dropped as much as 1.5 percent, led by silver, oil and lead.
President Barack Obama discussed releasing emergency oil supplies with U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron on March 14. The leaders reached no agreement, according to Cameron and Jay Carney, the White House press secretary. The International Energy Agency coordinated the sale of 60 million barrels of crude and refined products in July and August as Libya’s output fell during the uprising against former leader Muammar Qaddafi.

Bradley Powersless info
|visits||member for||10 months|
|seen||Oct 24 '12 at 15:13|
I'm a graduate student in robotics at UPenn, interested in Machine vision and perception as well as path planning and control.
|bio||website||bpowers.org||visits||member for||10 months|
|location||Denver, CO||seen||Oct 24 '12 at 15:13|
0 Votes Cast
This user has not cast any votes

Oatmeal cookie ice cream sandwich
This recipe combines three all-time favorites: oatmeal cookies, ice cream and chocolate!
Chef Emily Luchetti Waterbar Restaurant
, San Francisco
To print this recipe, choose a print size:
12 tbsp. unsalted butter, softened
1 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/4 cup granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 cups old-fashioned oats
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
3/4 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. salt
10 scoops of your favorite ice cream
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Beat butter and sugars until smooth and creamy. Add eggs and vanilla extract. Add oats and dry ingredients. Mix just until combined. Using 2 measuring tablespoons for each cookie, place the cookie balls several inches apart on parchment-lined baking sheets. There should be 20 cookies. Bake until brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool to room temperature.
Make 10 ice cream sandwiches using a scoop of ice cream and 2 cookies. Place back in the freezer.
Melt chocolate over a double boiler. Cool slightly; you do not want it to be hot. Transfer chocolate to a small bowl but one wide enough to fit the ice cream sandwich. One at a time, dip the ice cream sandwiches into the chocolate, coating half the sandwich. Place on parchment-lined baking sheets and freeze until chocolate hardens.

Miss Sally had to work today while the rest of Columbus sat around in their pajamas for the second day.
Before she left, she gave me a Valentines Day gift. This T-shirt.
I love Miss Sally.
Greg took this photo. He's got to work on the composition and his f-stops are a bit muddy.

New York City Riverside Park Hotels + Nonsmoking + nice rooms
Know When You're Going?More Search Options
"This hotel is nothing overly fancy but it's just what I needed while staying in NYC. ... Read more"
"Wifi didn't work, ice machines only on every other floor, a door that was broken, ina... Read more"
"If you are concerned about Bed Bugs in Manhattan hotels, no problem here. Even the Be... Read more"
"My husband and I stayed 2 nights at this hotel and it was amazing. It was small but n... Read more"
"We spent the night in this hotel prior to boarding a cruise the next day. The price ... Read more"
"The Hilton is perfectly situated to explore the entire city~close to many subways, Ce... Read more"
"My husband and I booked the small double. It isn't an exaggeration, the room is tiny... Read more"
"First, I found the hotel itself clean, artful and sophisticated. Very Euro-style and ... Read more"
"There is a loud night club on the 1st floor of The Stay hotel that blasts loud music ... Read more"
"The Muse is everything it's promised to be - very hip and trendy, and rooms were very... Read more"
"We stayed 3 nights here and were so amazed! Beautiful hotel with great amentities. ... Read more"
"From the time I was greeted at the front desk and told that my room wasn't ready but ... Read more"
"Spent November 20-23 at The Mansfield. Attentive, knowledgable, funny, and friendly s... Read more"
"This was our first stay at the Mansfield and, from the reviews posted here, we were e... Read more"
"The Mansfield Hotel was an acceptable lodging by modest NYC standards: small, clean, ... Read more"
"Highly satisfied with our hotel choice, which centrally located and just steps away f... Read more"
"July 15-18, 2009, stay. The rooms were larger than other properties we have stayed i... Read more"
"This hotel is in need of an upgrade and a good cleaning.Rooms are very small.Only bre... Read more"

Idaho Family Reading Week at Your Bookmobile!
November 13th-19th is Idaho Family Reading Week, and to celebrate this important occasion, your Bookmobile is offering a number of exciting programs.
3 Little Pigs Storytime
Join us for a storytime that includes three variations of this family classic.
-Tues., Nov. 13th @ 6:00 p.m., Ponderosa Elementary
-Wed., Nov. 14th @ 4:30 p.m., Prospect Elementary
-Sat., Nov. 15th @ 11:00 a.m., Seasons Park
Read a Recipe
Come by after school to make a microwave chocolate cake on the Bookmobile!
-Thurs., Nov. 15th @ 3:30-4:15 p.m., Kleiner Park (near the playground)
Family Book Craft
Join us to make your own family book with words, pictures, and more that are special to your family.
-Thurs., Nov. 15th @ 5:00-5:45 p.m., Foothills Apartments
You can also stop by to pick up a list of literacy activities to complete as a family. The first 18 families to complete 12 of the 15 tasks will receive a free copy of The Snowy Day by Ezra Jack Keats and Snuggle Up by Mandy Ross. We can't wait to see you at one or all of these events!

Beautiful architecture, magnificent views, and luxury living await you at Xbalanque Resort. With its large infinity pool located at the edge of the Carribean Sea, you will feel peace and tranquility as you lounge at the Buddha Bar or dine at our Lotus Restaurant. Xbalanque Resort was designed to invoke feelings of intimacy and seclusion while still only minutes away from the bustling nightlife of West Bay and West End.
Deriving its name from a Mayan hero god, Xbalanque is filled with Mayan art and Honduran crafts. Xbalanque was a twin god who conquered the underworld and arose to become the moon. His twin, Hunaphu became the sun. You will experience amazing views of the sun and the moon on the two rooftop decks at Xbalanque.
Indulge in a luxurious suite or opt for a classic villa, all just steps away from the white sand beach, a turquoise ocean and the world’s second largest barrier reef. Our suites offer you a full gourmet kitchen, washer/dryer, two bedrooms with marbled baths and a private deck.
Xbalanque del Mar Villa and Heliconia Villa offer more spacious living in a private tropical setting. Each villa offers three or four bedrooms with private baths, gourmet kitchen, spacious living areas and private infinity pools.
The Lotus Restaurant provides Xbalanque guests with exquisite cuisine and intimate dining by the pool and is open to the sea breezes and sunset views. Our own chef, Raul, will create cuisine featuring locally grown food and fresh seafood. Sushi is a specialty. Sit and relax after a full day of activity right at your front door at the Buddha Bar, sipping a mojito and listening to cool house music.
Stay in shape using our exercise room located on site, or practicing yoga at the palapa on the water. We have a yoga instructor available.
Celebrating a special event, or having a wedding you will cherish? We can accommodate groups and help you plan a special event. Our conference room is a great place for corporate meetings.
We look forward to your stay with us and will strive to make your vacation a memorable one. It will be our pleasure to show you the beauty of Roatan. Since you are coming to the most beautiful island in the Caribbean, why not make it a retreat from the ordinary?
Fill in your address into the address field below the map and the shortest route will be calculated.

Here are the newest Candance McKenzie photographs. This gallery includes Candance McKenzie nude pictures, upskirts, oops pictures, and
accidental nudity. We also have Candance McKenzie wallpapers, beach pics, nipple slips, and . Our high resolution pictures feature your favorite Candance McKenzie parts: breasts / tits, ass / butt, legs, and even feet. There are currently 9 Candance McKenzie images in her galleries for you to instantly download.

Focusing on the need for meeting today's environmental thermal challenges, NMB offers expertise in design, development and manufacturing of custom fan tray assemblies. These proprietary fan tray assemblies are designed and developed here in the United States to address the continuous needs for cooling solutions from the telecom, heat exchanger and HVAC industries.
NMB offers a turn-key solution that includes:
Using sophisticated thermal analysis and software simulation, NMB's dedicated U.S. based design and development center in California will render your proprietary ideas into custom fan tray assemblies, enclosures and intelligent controllers for your thermal cooling challenges.
NMB's extensive selection of AC and DC cooling fans, ranging in sizes from 40mm to 172mm, as well as the latest range of high efficiency motorized impellers from 101mm to 280mm are available for your fan tray designs.
NMB's intelligent controllers are custom made to for optimal thermal performance.
NMB's Design and Development Center in California
NMB's Lopburi Factory in Thailand
NMB's Shanghai Factory in China

Re: Recursion problem with Firefox
What can I do to improve my stylesheet?
Personally, i'd modify the insert-list template so that no recursive call happens when reaching the <xsl:otherwise>, while using explicit conditions to actually make the recursive call.
PURCHASE STYLUS STUDIO ONLINE TODAY!
Purchasing Stylus Studio from our online shop is Easy, Secure and Value Priced!
Download The World's Best XML IDE!
Accelerate XML development with our award-winning XML IDE - Download a free trial today!
Subscribe in XML format

MILWAUKEE -- Brewers manager Ron Roenicke does not think his club is any better at home than on the road."I know you guys think I'm crazy," he said. Not exactly, but recent evidence suggests that the Brewers could climb back into postseason contention by convincing Major League Baseball to move all of their remaining games to Miller Park. A 6-2 win over the Phillies on Friday was the Brewers' eighth straight victory at home. They have lost 14 of their last 15 games on the road. Starter Yovani Gallardo had a lot to do with the home cooking on Friday, when he allowed only one Phillies run in seven innings and aided his own cause with a two-run single amid a decisive four-run fourth. Ryan Braun made two of Milwaukee's outs in that inning, but hit a two-run home run in the sixth to back Gallardo, who has been a hit on the mound (wins in four straight starts) and at the plate (four straight games with an RBI, and five straight with a hit). Gallardo has pitched at least seven innings in each of his last four starts, a stretch that has dropped his ERA from 4.07 to 3.67. Incidentally, that run began four days after the Brewers traded Zack Greinke to the Angels. "I don't know if that's the reason why," Roenicke said. "I just know that 'Yo,' he gets on a roll and pitches pretty well for quite a while. Hopefully, he can do this the rest of the season." Three of the Phillies four hits against Gallardo came in quick succession in the fourth, when Chase Utley led off with a ground-rule double and scored on a Ryan Howard double that drove center fielder Nyjer Morgan straight back and glanced off his glove. Domonic Brown followed with a line-drive hit that was nearly caught by Brewers first baseman Corey Hart, but froze Howard at second base. Gallardo retired the next three batters in order, with two of his nine strikeouts. He surrendered only one other hit -- a Brian Schneider single leading off the third. The outing was more impressive considering Gallardo pitched Friday with family matters in the back of his mind. A relative's illness called him home to Fort Worth, Texas, immediately after the game, but he is expected back Monday and will make his start as scheduled Wednesday against the Cubs. "Everything was working," said catcher Martin Maldonado, who was so pleased with Gallardo's outing that he continued gushing to reporters outside the clubhouse. "He had a great breaking ball going on, great life on the fastball," Maldonado said. "I think he got more confident lately. He's been working between starts, he's been prepared a lot better. He's been throwing the pitches where he has to -- he's not missing too many spots." Said Roenicke: "That was probably the best curveball he's had all year." Gallardo has also been helping himself in the batter's box. Friday's hit came amid a fourth-inning rally against Phillies starter Vance Worley that turned a 1-0 deficit into a 4-1 lead, and all began with two outs. Hart singled for his second hit of the night and Maldonado walked before Morgan gave the Brewers the lead with a two-run triple that ticked off Phillies right fielder Brown's glove. It was ruled a hit, bit Brown said it should have been the end of a scoreless inning. "I got back there good. I just dropped it," Brown said. "I wanted to come up big right there for Vance. That play has to be made. It's as simple as that. I want to come up big for my teammates right there." Worley intentionally walked Jean Segura, who stole second base before Gallardo dumped a single into right field for a 4-1 lead. Gallardo has traditionally carried a potent bat that earned him the 2010 Silver Slugger Award, but his OPS slipped from .837 that season to .577 in '11, and was at .320 in '12 entering Friday's start despite his recent hot streak. Four of Gallardo's six RBIs have come in his last four games, all victories. Has Roenicke noticed that Gallardo has begun hitting again? "Yes, I have. I can't explain it," Roenicke said. "Last year when I came over, I heard how great of a hitter this guy was, and last year, he really didn't swing that well, and he didn't swing well at the beginning of this year, either. Now he's hitting the ball. I don't know -- he's hitting the ball and he's pitching well."
Braun's homer two innings later was his third in the past two games after a power drought that spanned 49 plate appearances. He leads the National League with 32 home runs.Gallardo is expected to rejoin the Brewers on Monday afternoon, in time to throw a bullpen session. "He needs to be back home," Roenicke said.

Dion McGregor- The Dream World of Dion McGregor & The Further Somniloquies
Dion McGregor was the world's most notorious sleep-talker. Recorded here are some of the craziest, creepiest dreams imaginable. Some folks like to hate on this guy because they think its all faked. If that were true, I honestly believe I'd be even more impressed. Incredible....FYI, Tzadik's Dion McGregor Dreams Again is another excellent collection of his stuff.

Here's a quiz for you: What are Dum Diversas, Romanus Pontifex and Inter Caetera and what do they have to do with us -- to governments, to churches and synagogues and temples and mosques -- and the Vatican? Answer: I didn't know either. Then I got a handwritten copy of a letter from an Indian grandmother that not only answered the original question but made me think of a lot of other questions, as well.
The letter reads:
"I am Grandmother Beatrice Long-Visitor Holy Dance. I am from the Oglala Lakota Nation. My original homelands are the Black Hills of South Dakota.
I want to speak to the issue of "Healing Our Relations."
We believe our ancestral ways of prayer, peacemaking and healing are needed today. We still rely on the teachings of our ancestors for our survival.
We the International Council of Thirteen Indigenous Grandmothers were brought together by a common vision:
1. To form a global alliance of prayer.
2. (For) education and healing for Mother Earth and all her children.
3. To protect our lands and cultures upon which our peoples depend.
Unfortunately, relationships between national-states and tribal peoples in the Americas, Africa and Oceania rests on the foundation of the "doctrine of conquest" or the "doctrine of discovery." These governmental doctrines can be traced directly to the following Papal Bulls -- Dum Diversis, June 18, 1452; Roman Pontifex, January 8, 1455; Inter Caetera, May 4, 1493.
These papal bulls gave dominion to European nations over lands that our tribal nations have occupied for thousands of years. They also laid the basis for the European "Age of Discovery" that resulted in the outright theft of entire continents from our indigenous people world wide.
It has been over 500 years since these papal bulls were written, yet they remain the spiritual, legal and moral foundation for exercising jurisdiction over tribal people by nation states today.
Our tribal nations must still live with the denial of our right to be treated as equal participants in the world community of nations. In other words, our people are still struggling for the right to live on earth and practice our cultural and spiritual traditions as our ancestors did.
As a very concerned Grandmother, I"m asking Pope Benedict the XVI, a servant of God, to remove these Papal Bulls. An act like this would create a global healing of all the injustices suffered by indigenous people all over the world.
It could also bring healing to those who committed these injustices.
The question, of course, is, is the charge true? Unfortunately, yes. "Roman Pontifex," written by Pope Nicholas V to King Alonso of Portugal is clear and unequivocal. The decree reads:
"We weighing all and singular the premises with due meditation, and noting that since we had formerly by other letters of ours granted among other things free and ample faculty to the aforesaid King Alfonso -- to invade, search out, capture, vanquish, and subdue all Saracens and pagans whatsoever, and other enemies of Christ wheresoever placed, and the kingdoms, dukedoms, principalities, dominions, possessions, and all movable and immovable goods whatsoever held and possessed by them and to reduce their persons to perpetual slavery, and to apply and appropriate to himself and his successors the kingdoms, dukedoms, counties, principalities, dominions, possessions, and goods, and to convert them to his and their use and profit…
More than true, the content is also shocking. The shock that comes with knowing that it was a Papal Bull that authorized both conquest and slavery in the New World for hundreds of years is, at very least, part of what such a letter is meant to teach us today: "No decision should be made," the Native Americans tell us, "that does not take into account its affect on the next 10 generations." What we do today, in other words, has something to do with what life will be like 500 years from now.
Papal Bulls promulgated in the 15th century still shape the way peoples live and think and relate to one another five centuries later. It is a lesson begging to be learned in many arenas and in every institution as well as in this particular case itself.
The ways women were defined by religious traditions, including our own, centuries ago, affect us still. The fact that women were labeled as witches from the 16th to 18th centuries influences social systems to this day.
The decision this government makes now about the treatment of torture and the moral responsibility of its agents will also affect the standing of the United States in centuries to come.
The propensity of U.S. governments to demand from others what we do not intend to do ourselves is key to the moral valuation of this nation in years to come. We call others to submit to international tribunals, to denuclearize their weapons systems, to hold soldiers and agents to the international rules of war but we do not do it ourselves. We denied the "I was only following orders" defense to German prison guards after the Second World War, but we are not demanding the same from our agents. We refuse nuclear weapons to most nations but not to those of our own choosing. We created War Crimes Tribunals to prosecute axis agents in the 1950s but will not now submit ourselves to the same court of international justice.
The church, too, is making decisions that may well define the future of the church for ages to come.
Rome, for instance, chooses not to instigate "apostolic visitations" of dioceses in which, as the Archbishop of Dublin, Dairmud Martin, just reported, "thousands of clerical pedophilia cases" in Ireland alone have been documented. See: Ireland archbishop admits child abuse report 'will shock us all' 
But it is launching visitations of U.S. congregations of women religious to investigate a "quality of life" that has reached out to heal every level of society.
The simple reason given for such a serious move is that religious congregations are now experiencing a downturn in the numbers of younger applicants. Also true -- as is the decline in seminarians, incidentally. But also common at transition points throughout history and hardly immoral under any circumstances.
Religious communities of women were small when they came to this country over 150 years ago. Now the cycle is starting again at this new time, in this new way. For the sake of the future, this is no time to block the work of the Spirit.
From where I stand, the voices of the Grandmothers is a clear and demanding one. We must repent the sinful effects of past decisions of both church and state on the lives of people everywhere. Most of all, we must certainly not go on making them.

"Nurse Aiko Hamaguchi at the Manzanar Relocation Center, California"
Ilargi: Stoneleigh has done a lot of thorough digging lately and emerges with an epic portrait of Japan and its nuclear industry that few if any of us who read it will ever forget. It is as shocking and devastating as it is, frankly, from a western point of view, utterly insane. The combination of the perils of modern science and an at heart still almost entirely feudal society is for many Japanese a very unhappy one, and deadly too. Don't miss this.
“Denko-chan (でんこちゃん), whose name comes from the “den” of electric power (電力, denryoku), the “ko” (子, child) in which female names so often end, trapping their bearers in a state of eternal childhood, and the generally female diminutive suffix “chan”, can be found everywhere in TEPCO propaganda. Here she is, with finger characteristically a-wagging, admonishing us to “Take care of electricity!””
Stoneleigh: These days, Denko-chan is perhaps more representative of the situation that the country and TEPCO find themselves in when rendered like this, in fan art:
As an energy resource poor island, Japan has embraced nuclear power over the last several decades as a means to ensure security of energy supply. Growth in electricity supply was a key enabler of the Japanese post-war boom and commitment to high-tech industrial growth, but dependence on external sources would have entailed a major vulnerability. The oil shocks of the 1970s strongly underlined the danger of dependency on potentially unstable or capricious foreign suppliers, creating further impetus for nuclear development. The relative independence and self-sufficiency conferred by nuclear development also fitted with a characteristic Japanese cultural insularity. Prior to the earthquake and tsunami, nuclear provided over 30% of Japan's electric power from 54 reactors.
Since the disaster of March 11th, the world has been watching Japan struggle to deal with an unanticipated eventuality that greatly exceeded the design-basis accident for the 40-year old Fukushima plant and overwhelmed its inadequate defences. Japan is in uncharted waters, attempting to control several badly damaged reactors and several spent fuel pools simultaneously, under circumstances for which there is no rule book to follow. Criticism is mounting as to the way the catastrophe is being handled, and the Japanese nuclear governance record is coming under sharp scrutiny.
In order to fathom the Japanese approach to these events, it is necessary to understand aspects of Japanese culture, especially as it manifests in terms of corporate culture.
People's sense of identity and worth is tightly bound with membership of strong, cohesive groups. Japan is an insular and collectivist society which prizes conformity, loyalty, harmony, obedience, consensus, teamwork, stability and homogeneity, and strongly discourages deviation from the norm or standing out from the crowd. Originality, initiative, freedom of expression and openness to outside influences are therefore not generally rewarded. There is an old Japanese proverb encapsulating this attitude:
出る杭は打たれる。("Deru kui wa utareru"), or in English, "The stake that sticks up gets hammered down."
Sociologist Geert Hofstede:
Individualism on the one side versus its opposite, collectivism, that is the degree to which individuals are integrated into groups. On the individualist side we find societies in which the ties between individuals are loose: everyone is expected to look after him/herself and his/her immediate family.
On the collectivist side, we find societies in which people from birth onwards are integrated into strong, cohesive in-groups, often extended families which continue protecting them in exchange for unquestioning loyalty. The word 'collectivism' in this sense has no political meaning: it refers to the group, not to the state.
Stoneleigh: In the corporate world, loyalty to one's firm, and to the team effort, is expected to be demonstrated by sacrifices such as working long hours and not taking one's allotted vacation. This has traditionally been rewarded with job security, wages which increase substantially with seniority, insurance, bonuses, pensions, access to company recreational facilities and low-cost loans. Group activities are encouraged, both on the job and after hours. The life of a salaryman is expected to revolve around the office. He is expected to share a strong emotional bond with his co-workers, and to share the attitudes and values of the group. Salarymen are sometimes unflatteringly referred to as 社畜 (shachiku), meaning 'corporate livestock'.
Responsibility is collective, and the leadership role of top management is defined by the ability to maintain harmony and create consensus, rather than the making of bold decisions. Policy is shaped at the level of middle management. Actions leading to potential conflict are discouraged, because of the importance placed avoiding embarrassment or shame. Failing to fulfill one's obligations to the group also results in loss of face in a culture where relationships, and the good opinion of others, are of the utmost importance.
This corporate culture applies particularly to large, first-tier, Japanese firms, such as TEPCO, where job security has been much stronger through Japan's two decades of economic stagnation. Employment at such a firm is typically only open to graduates of Japan's top thirty colleges and universities, hence much effort from a young age is invested in gaining entrance to one of these institutions. Doing so confers high status, which is extremely important (it influences everything from the depth of a bow on greeting, to the language style used, the gifts given, and the relationships formed). Hofstede:
Companies provide their own training and show a strong preference for young men who can be trained in the company way. Interest in a person whose attitudes and work habits are shaped outside the company is low.
Permanent employees are hired as generalists, not as specialists for specific positions. A new worker is not hired because of any special skill or experience; rather, the individual's intelligence, educational background, and personal attitudes and attributes are closely examined. On entering a Japanese corporation, the new employee will train from six to twelve months in each of the firm's major offices or divisions. Thus, within a few years a young employee will know every facet of company operations.
Seniority is determined by the year an employee's class enters the company. Career progression is highly predictable, regulated, and automatic. Members of the same graduating class usually start with similar salaries, and salary increases and promotions each year are generally uniform. The purpose is to maintain harmony and avoid stress and jealousy within the group.
Stoneleigh: This kind of culture is weaker in second-tier firms, which cannot provide the same benefits as a reward for loyalty. It weakens further as one descends strong social hierarchy, which exists as a relic of the old feudal caste system. Business elites expect to have a job and support structure for life, but at the other end of the social spectrum exists considerable, and sometimes hereditary, disadvantage. For instance, Burakumin (village people) are descendants of outcast communities from the feudal era, considered to have been tainted by their ancestral professions (executioners, undertakers, workers in slaughterhouses, butchers or tanners). Wikipedia:
They were legally liberated in 1871 with the abolition of the feudal caste system. However, this did not put a stop to social discrimination and their lower living standards, because Japanese family registration (Koseki) was fixed to ancestral home address until recently, which allowed people to deduce their Burakumin membership. The Burakumin were one of the several groups discriminated against within Japanese society.
Stoneleigh: Other disadvantaged groups include residents of yoseba, or downwardly-mobile communities for day labourers, who are generally single, aging and low-skilled. "As they are increasingly transient, without a fixed address, they are denied access to communal and welfare services which in the past helped them to survive."
In the context of tackling the Fukushima disaster, this hierarchy appears to play a significant role:
Dying for TEPCOJob offers come not from TEPCO but from Mizukami Kogyo, a company whose business is construction and cleaning maintenance. The description indicates only that the work is at a nuclear plant in Fukushima Prefecture. The job is specified as 3 hours per day at an hourly wage of 10,000 yen. There is no information about danger. Those who answer these offers may have little awareness of the dangers and they are likely to have few other job opportunities. $122 an hour is hardly a king’s ransom given the risk of cancer from high radiation levels.
Rumor has it that many of the cleanup workers are burakumin. This cannot be verified, but it would be congruent with the logic of the nuclear industry and the difficult job situation of day laborers. Because of ostracism, some burakumin are also involved with yakuza [members of organized crime syndicates].
Therefore, it would not be surprising that yakuza-burakumin recruit other burakumin to go to Fukushima. Yakuza are active in recruiting day laborers of the yoseba. People who live in precarious conditions are then exposed to high levels of radiation, doing the most dirty and dangerous jobs in the nuclear plants, then are sent back to the yoseba. Those who fall ill will not even appear in the statistics.
Stoneleigh: Prior to the devastation caused by the earthquake and tsunami, there was already a well established hierarchical subcontracting system in place:
These contract employees or temporary workers were provided by subcontracting companies: they range from rank and file workers who carry out the dirtiest and most dangerous tasks—the nuclear gypsies described in Horie Kunio’s 1979 book and Higuchi Kenji’s photographic reports—to highly qualified technicians who supervise maintenance operations. So even within this category, there is much discrepancy in working conditions, wages and welfare depending on position in the hierarchy of subcontracted tasks.
What is clear is that the contract laborers are routinely exposed to the highest level of radiation: in 2009 according to NISA, of those who received a dose between 5 and 10 millisieverts (mSv), there were 671 contract laborers against 36 regular employees. Those who received between 10 and 15 mSv were comprised of 220 contract laborers and 2 regular workers, while 35 contract workers and no regular workers were exposed to a dose between 15 and 20 mSv.
Since contract laborers move from one nuclear plant to another, depending on the maintenance schedule of the various reactors, they lack access to their individual cumulative dose for one year or for many years. NISA compiles only the cumulative dose for each nuclear plant. The result is that the whole system is opaque, thus complicating the procedure for workers who need to apply for occupational hazards compensation.
Stoneleigh: This 1995 documentary provides some interesting background on the topic:
Nuclear Ginza: Japan’s secret at-risk labor force and the Fukushima disasterBack in 1995, the UK’s Channel 4 produced a 30-minute documentary on Japan’s nuclear industry and how they use disadvantaged people, including burakumin and other day laborers, to do manual labor inside their power plants. And by inside, I mean inside. Some were forced to work right next to the room where the core was kept, in the dark and drenched in sweat; one man tells how he was forced to mop up radioactive water with towels.
Watch additional video segments here
Stoneleigh: It may be very difficult to undertake any future epidemiological study of the health effects of Fukushima liquidators, as it was at Chernobyl where little data was ever collected. In the case of Chernobyl this willful blindness has allowed the official numbers for mortality and morbidity to be grossly underestimated. At Chernobyl there were hundreds of thousands of liquidators in the years following the accident, while at Fukushima the numbers are so far orders of magnitude lower.
Apparently, TEPCO is considering improving working conditions at the plant, but so far only in terms of food, showers and accommodation. There has been no mention of better radiation protection, even though workers have begun entering the reactor buildings:
Tokyo Electric Power Co (TEPCO) said it started work to install a ventilation system to clean the air inside the building at the Fukushima Daiichi plant.
Once the air inside is cleaned, TEPCO plans to send crews in to conduct complex work as part of attempts to bring the entire plant to a cold shutdown. It will be the first time workers have gone inside the building since the March 11 disaster.
The utility said it began installing tent-like equipment to keep radioactive materials inside the reactor one building when workers open its doors. The air inside the structure is highly contaminated with radioactive materials.
Stoneleigh: Discrimination against disadvantaged segments of society goes beyond feudal history and the workplace. In fact Fukushima is generating a new group to be marked as outsiders and treated accordingly in some quarters.
Don't stigmatise nuclear evacuees, says Japan governmentThe Japanese government on Tuesday urged "heartless" people, local authorities and businesses not to discriminate against evacuees from the area around the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant.
The call came after some evacuation centres demanded radiation-free certificates from people who lived near the plant, and following reports that hotels have turned them away and their children have been bullied.
Since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami triggered the world's worst nuclear crisis since Chernobyl, nearly 86,000 people have had to evacuate, with about 30,000 of them relocated outside Fukushima prefecture.
Stoneleigh: TEPCO's management of the Fukushima crisis is being increasingly criticized, both externally and within Japan itself. For instance, the Soviet Army officer in change of the Chernobyl accident, Col-Gen Nikolai Antoshkin, has expressed shock at what he calls the "slow-motion" reaction at Fukushima. A few days after March 11th, TEPCO was evacuating 740 “non-essential” staff from the complex – leaving only 50 technicians to fight the worst civil nuclear crisis in Japan’s history. In contrast, a small army descended on Chernobyl in the days following the 1986 accident.
Several other foreign commentators, including Arnie Gundersen and Chris Busby, have also pointed out that Chernobyl was no longer emitting radiation into the environment after 6-7 weeks, while the Fukushima reactors are still doing so, and remain critically unstable. The continuing release of radiation will make the task of cleaning up ever more dangerous for the liquidators.
Michio Ishikawa, a veteran member of the Japan Nuclear Technology Institute who believes that all the reactors have melted down, has made a public stand on the issue of response adequacy as well. He describes the on-going disaster as a "war" and the efforts so far to cool the reactors as "peripheral tricks".
His assessment is stark indeed:
The water [inside the pressure vessel] is highly contaminated with uranium, plutonium, cesium, cobalt, in the concentration we've never seen before.
My old colleague contacted me and shared his calculations with me. At the decay heat of 2000 kilowatt... There's a substance called cobalt 60. Highly radioactive, needs 1 to 1.5 meter thick shields. It kills people at 1000 curies. He calculated that there are 10 million curies of cobalt-60 in the reactor core. If 10% of cobalt-60 in the core dissolve into water, it's 1 million curies [37,000 terabecquerels].
Stoneleigh: As Mr Ishikawa has indicated, TEPCO has consistently been reluctant to share information in its possession regarding the seriousness of the radiation release in the early days of the accident, ostensibly understating the seriousness in order to prevent panic.
It seems likely, given the defensive responses of an embattled company, that the lack of openness is at least partly due to corporate interests over-riding the broader public interest. When asked about the discrepancies between his view and the official story of limited core damage, Mr Ishikawa labelled the official line a lie. Perhaps because he is 77 years old, he no longer needs to be mindful of the effect that breaking ranks with the collective could have for him personally.
Japan Denies Withholding Evidence of Massive Radiation ReleaseJapan on Tuesday [a month after the accident] upgraded the plant's incident level from 5 to 7, a classification reserved for the most severe nuclear crises. The government took the action in large part in response to calculations showing that extreme quantities of radioactive iodine and cesium had escaped from the six-reactor facility in the first week after it was crippled by the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and devastating tsunami that hit Japan on March 11.
Uncertainty over the calculations' accuracy held up their release, Japanese Nuclear Safety Commission official Seiji Shiroya said. In addition, the official suggested the government was concerned the measurements could exacerbate public fear over the atomic crisis.
“Some foreigners fled the country even when there appeared to be little risk,” Shiroya said. “If we immediately decided to label the situation as level 7, we could have triggered a panicked reaction."
Stoneleigh: In addition to the delay in releasing vital information, some of the delay in making meaningful attempts to cool the damaged reactors is also attributable to corporate priorities over-riding the public interest:
Bid to 'Protect Assets' Slowed Reactor FightCrucial efforts to tame Japan's crippled nuclear plant were delayed by concerns over damaging valuable power assets and by initial passivity on the part of the government, people familiar with the situation said, offering new insight into the management of the crisis [..]
The plant's operator—Tokyo Electric Power Co., or TEPCO—considered using seawater from the nearby coast to cool one of its six reactors at least as early as last Saturday morning, the day after the quake struck. But it didn't do so until that evening, after the prime minister ordered it following an explosion at the facility. TEPCO didn't begin using seawater at other reactors until Sunday.
TEPCO was reluctant to use seawater because it worried about hurting its long-term investment in the complex, say people involved with the efforts. Seawater, which can render a nuclear reactor permanently inoperable, now is at the center of efforts to keep the plant under control.
Stoneleigh: It is not clear who is in charge, which is not surprising given Japan's consensus-building culture. Yuki Tatsumi for BBC:
As the head of the disaster response headquarters, the prime minister has the authority to direct relevant government agencies as well as private companies that are involved in responding to the disaster.
He has two entities from which to draw expert opinions to assist him in decision-making: the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency (Nisa, an agency within the Ministry of Economy, Industry and Trade (Meti) and the Nuclear Safety Commission, an advisory panel made up of non-government experts. So, legally speaking, the prime minister of Japan is in charge. Or he is supposed to be.
So what of Mr Kan's leadership to date? On the one hand, it has been clear that he wants to appear in charge: he wanted to "speak directly to the Japanese people" in the immediate aftermath of the earthquake. Four days after the quake, amid confusion over the situation at the plant, he was overheard by journalists asking TEPCO executives: "What the hell is going on?" [He could not understand why he had not been told for a whole hour about the first explosion at the plant.]
Demonstrating his distrust in TEPCO and Meti, he has appointed a number of non-government experts in addition to those who are already in advisory roles. As of 29 March, 5 out of 15 advisers were appointed specifically to advise on the situation at the plant.
Stoneleigh: One of these advisors has already submitted a tearful high-profile resignation:
During a press conference held at the Diet building later that day, [Tokyo University Professor Toshiso] Kosako, who was named a special advisor to Prime Minister Naoto Kan on March 16, criticized the government's handling of the crisis at the Fukushima No. 1 Nuclear Power Plant as shortsighted.
In particular, Kosako protested against the government's decision to revise the maximum permissible level of radiation exposure among children up to 20 millisieverts per year, saying, "Should I approve that decision, I would no longer be a researcher. I would not want my children to be exposed to that amount of radiation."
Kosako revealed the Cabinet did not accept his advice that outdoor school activities for elementary and junior high school students near the crippled power station be restricted to prevent them from being exposed to over 1 millisievert of radiation per year.
"It is quite rare for nuclear power plant workers dealing with radioactive materials to be exposed to 20 millisieverts of radiation per year. I cannot allow infants and children to be exposed to such high levels of radiation from an academic as well as humanitarian point of view."
He also pointed out that the government was slow in applying the System for Prediction of Environmental Emergency Dose Information (SPEEDI) and disclosing its data, even though nuclear safety guidelines stipulate the system be implemented immediately in an emergency. "The government has ignored the law and taken stopgap measures, failing to bring the crisis under control promptly," he said.
Stoneleigh: For Professor Kosako to resign a very prestigious advisory position and to be so overtly critical of authority is highly unusual in a Japanese cultural context, and quite likely to have significant consequences for him personally. As the proverb says, the stake that sticks up gets hammered down. The professor had intended to conduct a press conference to explain his position in detail, but was prevented from doing so by the Prime Minister's office.
Kan Administration Silences Prof. Toshiso Kosako with "Kindly" Advice on ConfidentialityProfessor Toshiso Kosako of Tokyo University, who resigned on April 30 in protest over the 20 milli-sieverts per year allowable radiation exposure to children, was threatened with a "kindly advice" from the Prime Minister's Office not to hold a press conference on May 2 to explain his opposition.
The "kindly advice" told Professor Kosako that he still has a confidentiality obligation not to disclose any information that he was privy to during his days as a special advisor to the Prime Minister.
Stoneleigh: Haruki Madarame, head of the Nuclear Safety Agency, recently expressed puzzlement at Professor Kosako's concern:
I only know what's reported in the newspapers, but honestly, I haven't a clue as to why Professor Kosako is so upset.
Stoneleigh: International research supports Professor Kosako's position:
Save the Children: Radiation Exposure of Fukushima StudentsFor infants (under 1 year of age) the radiation-related cancer risk is 3 to 4 times higher than for adults; and female infants are twice as susceptible as male infants. Females' overall risk of cancer related to radiation exposure is 40 percent greater than for males. Fetuses in the womb are the most radiation-sensitive of all.
The pioneering Oxford Survey of Childhood Cancer found that X-rays of mothers, involving doses to the fetus of 10-20 mSv, resulted in a 40 percent increase in the cancer rate among children up to age 15.
In Germany, a recent study of 25 years of the national childhood cancer register showed that even the normal operation of nuclear power plants is associated with a more than doubling of the risk of leukemia for children under 5 years old living within 5 kilometers of a nuclear plant.
Increased risk was seen to more than 50 km away. This was much higher than expected, and highlights the particular vulnerability to radiation of children in and outside the womb.
In addition to exposure measured by typical external radiation counters, the children of Fukushima will also receive internal radiation from particles inhaled and lodged in their lungs, and taken in through contaminated food and water.
Stoneleigh: At least Japan has, a month after the disaster, implemented a mandatory exclusion zone. Five additional communities will be added to the zone within the next month. In some of these communities, radiation levels are already nearly double the threshold for mandatory evacuation in the Ukraine following Chernobyl.
Discussions round the issue of compensation for the victims of Fukushima are already being held, although with the crisis still unfolding, it cannot be clear what compensation will be required:
The Japanese government has estimated that compensation for damages resulting from the country's nuclear crisis could reach four trillion yen ($49 billion), a report said Tuesday.
Half the money will come from Tokyo Electric Power Co (TEPCO), the operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi power plant, with the rest coming from other electricity companies, the Asahi Shimbun said, without citing sources [..]
TEPCO -- which supplies about one third of Japan's total power demand and services the Kanto region, including Tokyo -- would increase its power tariffs by 16 percent, the Asahi said.
In addition, the government believes it will cost 1.5 trillion yen to decommission the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant and 1.0 trillion yen to fuel thermal power plants to meet electricity demand, the Asahi said.
Stoneleigh: TEPCO is already making plans to cut costs in order to meet this open-ended liability:
The operator of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant will implement deep salary cuts for management to help fund its compensation payments for the nuclear accident.
Tokyo Electric Power Company said on Monday that it would halve the salaries of all its board members, including the chairman and the president, starting this month. Annual pay for other executive directors will be slashed by 40 percent. The company will cut the salaries of about 3,000 employees in managerial positions by 25 percent.
TEPCO has already asked its labor union to accept a 20 percent reduction in annual pay for 32,000 rank-and-file employees. Both sides reached an agreement on the matter on Monday. The utility expects the measures to save some 660 million dollars in salary costs.
TEPCO will also give up its recruitment of about 1,100 new graduates for fiscal 2012 and sell off part of its stock holdings and real estate to raise money.
The company plans to make initial payments worth more than 600 million dollars to 50,000 households that have been forced to leave their towns to avoid high radioactivity caused by the nuclear accident.
But the total compensation amount is expected to balloon, as damage is spreading to the farming, fisheries and manufacturing industries.
Stoneleigh: In addition, abject public apologies have been made to evacuees:
Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) President Masataka Shimizu was on his knees here on May 4, apologizing to residents of towns forced to evacuate by the Fukushima nuclear crisis [..]
Shimizu also visited the Adatara Gymnasium here, where about 100 nuclear crisis refugees from Namie are now living. There, he was showered with criticism and demands once more, including, "Get us back to our normal lives quickly," and "You told us nuclear power was safe. Was that a lie?"
Shimizu responded by saying, "From my heart I apologize to you for betraying your trust."
Stoneleigh: Unfortunately, betraying the trust of one's company, in the culture of the loyal company man, or even one's wider industry, has traditionally been considered a greater sin than betraying the trust of the public. The nuclear industry as a whole, including the regulator, has been particularly insular, defensive, and self-protective, leading to being labelled as 'The Atomic Village'. The impenetrable Atomic Village has been a law unto itself for decades, with the result that the history of Japanese nuclear power is one of accidents, cover ups and complicity in the betrayal of the public trust. A harsh light is now being focused on a shameful history that hides behind cheerful cartoon mascots.
After the earthquake: In the nuclear village (genshiryoku mura, 原子力村, ) (Please read the whole article.)Initially baffled and obliged to translate it, I asked the author, an expert in the electric power industry, what it meant. It refers, he explained, to the insularity and secretiveness of the nuclear-industrial complex, the close-knit web of ties that bind the supervisory ministry, the Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry, the lapdog watchdog under the ministry, the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, the power companies, and the suppliers of the nuclear kit, prominent among them Hitachi, Toshiba, and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.
This village mentality (mura ishiki, 村意識) is a microcosm of the national insularity encapsulated in a more familiar phrase, “island nation spirit” (shimaguni konjo, 島国根性), and it demands unwavering loyalty to the—in this case nuclear—cause, on pain of being subject to ostracism (mura hachibu, literally “village eight parts”, 村八分), in which in its original sense, those who infringed the codes and order of the village were excluded from eight of the ten social activities deemed essential to the life of the village, the only exceptions being firefighting—to prevent a fire spreading from the home of the ostracized—and funerals—those of the ostracized themselves.
Culture of Complicity Tied to Stricken Nuclear PlantIn 2000, Kei Sugaoka, a Japanese-American nuclear inspector who had done work for General Electric at Daiichi, told Japan’s main nuclear regulator about a cracked steam dryer that he believed was being concealed. If exposed, the revelations could have forced the operator, Tokyo Electric Power, to do what utilities least want to do: undertake costly repairs.
What happened next was an example, critics have since said, of the collusive ties that bind the nation’s nuclear power companies, regulators and politicians.
Despite a new law shielding whistle-blowers, the regulator, the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, divulged Mr. Sugaoka’s identity to Tokyo Electric, effectively blackballing him from the industry. Instead of immediately deploying its own investigators to Daiichi, the agency instructed the company to inspect its own reactors. Regulators allowed the company to keep operating its reactors for the next two years even though, an investigation ultimately revealed, its executives had actually hidden other, far more serious problems, including cracks in the shrouds that cover reactor cores.”
“In Japan, the web of connections between the nuclear industry and government officials is now popularly referred to as the “nuclear power village.” The expression connotes the nontransparent, collusive interests that underlie the establishment’s push to increase nuclear power despite the discovery of active fault lines under plants, new projections about the size of tsunamis and a long history of cover-ups of safety problems.
Just as in any Japanese village, the like-minded — nuclear industry officials, bureaucrats, politicians and scientists — have prospered by rewarding one another with construction projects, lucrative positions, and political, financial and regulatory support. The few openly skeptical of nuclear power’s safety become village outcasts, losing out on promotions and backing.
Until recently, it had been considered political suicide to even discuss the need to reform an industry that appeared less concerned with safety than maximizing profits, said Kusuo Oshima, one of the few governing Democratic Party lawmakers who have long been critical of the nuclear industry.”
“At Fukushima Daiichi and elsewhere, critics say that safety problems have stemmed from a common source: a watchdog that is a member of the nuclear power village.
Though it is charged with oversight, the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency is part of the Ministry of Trade, Economy and Industry, the bureaucracy charged with promoting the use of nuclear power. Over a long career, officials are often transferred repeatedly between oversight and promotion divisions, blurring the lines between supporting and policing the industry.
Influential bureaucrats tend to side with the nuclear industry — and the promotion of it — because of a practice known as amakudari, or descent from heaven. Widely practiced in Japan’s main industries, amakudari allows senior bureaucrats, usually in their 50s, to land cushy jobs at the companies they once oversaw.
According to data compiled by the Communist Party, one of the fiercest critics of the nuclear industry, generations of high-ranking officials from the ministry have landed senior positions at the country’s 10 utilities since Japan’s first nuclear plants were designed in the 1960s. In a pattern reflective of the clear hierarchy in Japan’s ministries and utilities, the ministry’s most senior officials went to work at TEPCO, while those of lower ranks ended up at smaller utilities.”
“Collusion flows the other way, too, in a lesser-known practice known as amaagari, or ascent to heaven. Because the regulatory panels meant to backstop the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency lack full-time technical experts, they depend largely on retired or active engineers from nuclear-industry-related companies. They are unlikely to criticize the companies that employ them.
Even academics who challenge the industry may find themselves shunned. As Japan has begun looking into the problems surrounding collusion since March 11, the Japanese news media has highlighted the discrimination faced by academics who raised questions about the safety of nuclear power.
TEPCO Worker on Control Failures and the Culture of SilenceIf my colleagues knew I was speaking with the press, they would despise me for it. My boss would certainly dismiss me. Therefore, I must remain anonymous.
I have worked for TEPCO for a long time, and always considered it to be a good company. But now when I go to work, I see everywhere -- on trains, on the streets -- the headlines on the illuminated adverts for magazines: "TEPCO is bad, bad, bad." That rankles because I know how much criticism it really deserves [..]
I know that new geo-scientific knowledge on earthquakes and tsunamis was ignored. In 2009, a research institute warned of the consequences of a disaster of equal magnitude to what has happened now. But the officials of the nuclear supervisory authority, NISA, didn't take it seriously.
Controls in Japan don't work. NISA falls under the control of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, which also seeks to promote nuclear power. Isn't it strange that the same authority both supervises and promotes nuclear plants?
Moreover, the nuclear scientists from industry and NISA know each other all too well. The circle of nuclear scientists is very small, and many have studied together. I have witnessed this in the workplace myself.
The nuclear department at TEPCO is already a very special group, forming a closed world. Some call it the "atomic village" -- a separate company within a company. On the practical level, there is almost no exchange between the "atomic village" and other TEPCO departments.
This closed village has until now been allowed to hide data and test reports from nuclear power plants; to falsify and invent. For that reason, the president and the vice director resigned in 2002. The new head of TEPCO tried to open up the "atomic village" through transfers and restructuring, but everything is basically just the same.
Stoneleigh: Given the insular nature of the industry, it is hardly surprising that Greenpeace has been refused permission to take radiation measurements of water, sediment and marine life inside the 12 mile limit of Japan's territorial waters. In a situation where lack of information, especially timely information, has been typical, the results of independent monitoring could help to protect the health of a population which typically consumes a large amount of seafood. However, it could also potentially embarrass TEPCO or provide a justification for future expensive compensation claims.
Marine radiation monitoring blocked by Japanese governmentThe sparse data published by the government and TEPCO is not enough to understand the real risks of the continuous leakage of radioactive water in the sea.
The Japanese people are in great need of independent information on the radioactive contamination of their seafood supply. Therefore, we are planning to do research on the radioactive contamination of seaweed, fish and shellfish.
Despite this great need for information, the Japanese government today refused a permit to do research within the territorial waters of Japan. We are allowed to conduct research outside this 12 mile zone, but this is not the area where the Japanese catch their fish and collect their seaweed.
This is a critical situation, so we are not giving up. We will continue heading for Fukushima to begin our research at a distance while we pursue further permission to carry out the sampling within the 12 mile limit.
The Japanese government should welcome such independent monitoring, the fact is they can never have enough information about the extent of the contamination, and the public are entitled to the benefit from the scrutiny and pressure that independent monitoring brings.
Stoneleigh: The Japanese nuclear industry has an uninspiring safety record, both in terms of accidents and the means in which accidents have been addressed. Thus far The Atomic Village has demonstrated much more commitment to protecting itself from scrutiny and potential criticism by outsiders than to learning from its collective mistakes. There is a long history of failing to undertake inspections, failing to provide adequate training, falsifying safety records, tampering with evidence, jury-rigging repairs that would have been expensive to carry out properly, operating with potentially unsafe equipment and failing to design for withstanding obvious risks. There is no evidence of an effective safety culture, nor of any attempt to be proactive with regard to risk minimization. It is useful to review some of the accidents in order to see how this has played out in practice. In addition, examining the history of the Fukushima plant itself is instructive.
Monju (December 8th, 1995, after only 4 months of operation)Intense vibration caused a thermowell inside a pipe carrying sodium coolant to break, possibly at a defective weld point, allowing several hundred kilograms of sodium to leak out onto the floor below the pipe. Upon coming into contact with the air, the liquid sodium reacted with oxygen and moisture in the air, filling the room with caustic fumes and producing temperatures of several hundred degrees Celsius.
The heat was so intense that it melted several steel structures in the room. An alarm sounded around 7:30 p.m., switching the system over to manual operations, but a full operational shutdown was not ordered until around 9:00 p.m., after the fumes were spotted. When investigators located the source of the spill they found as much as three tons of solidified sodium. Fortunately, the leak occurred in the plant's secondary cooling system, so the sodium was not radioactive.
See also:The operator of a Japanese prototype fast-breeder reactor which was hit by a sodium leak had breached regulations by not immediately closing air ducts after smoke alarms went off, the Kyodo news agency said on Monday. Power Reactor and Nuclear Fuel Development Corp (PNC) which runs the reactor, Monju, said it did not close air ducts until 3 1/2 hours after alarms went off. Regulations in the construction permit for Monju, submitted to the government, stipulate air ducts to be immediately closed when smoke alarms go off, the Kyodo news agency said.
For anyone wondering why shutting down the air conditioning is so significant in an accident like that, some more background. Burning Sodium can not be extinguished using water as it violently reacts with water, producing explosive hydrogen gas in the process. Halon and carbon dioxide (dry ice) based fire extinguishers can't be used for a similar reason. The only way of putting out a sodium fire therefore is to starve it of all oxygen by cutting off the air supply and waiting for the fire to use up all oxygen.
Because of the danger of sodium fires, the primary coolant cycle where the sodium is highly radioactive is surrounded by inert nitrogen gas to reduce the chance of fires. Not so the secondary coolant cycle where the sodium fire occurred. By leaving the air conditioning on the operators of Monju kept pumping fresh oxygen into the room, fanning the flames of the burning sodium.
Panicked workers afraid to act without permission had worsened the initial leak by waiting 90 minutes to shut down the overheated system, officials admitted.
The PNC (called Donen in Japanese) which is controlled by the Japanese Science and Technology Agency had initially shown a 1 minute video of the accident site, later followed by another 4 minute clip and claimed that was all the footage that was available. None of this showed the actual coolant pipe that had leaked, only the floor of the site where the leak had occured. Later it was revealed that a total of 15 minutes of video had been taken, including footage of the affected pipe.
The one minute and four minute clips were only an edited version of the original clip. The existence of the unedited tape was kept secret for several days. It appears that the original tape had been deliberately edited to remove the footage of the leaking pipe. Asked for an explanation at a press conference of why the PNC had withheld information, Takao Takahashi, a board member of the PNC could only say: "There is none." It also turned out that the PNC had inspected the site of the accident before the time given to the press.
Isao Sato, the deputy chief of the Monju office of the PNC admitted to giving orders to hide the master tapes of the video and to issuing gag orders to employees about the existence of the unedited originals. He was quoted as saying: "I was determined to cover up the case."
Tokaimura Reprocessing Plant (March 11th, 1997):A fire and explosion at the plant released a cloud of smoke possibly containing uranium and plutonium. Investigations disclosed that no fulltime plant employees were on duty at the time of the fire and seven maintenance workers were off-site playing golf. Smoke detectors had been turned off and the sprinkler system was not automatic -- it had to be operated by hand.
Plant operators failed to warn nearby residents and even failed to evacuate 64 visitors who were on a tour of the plant when the fire broke out. When Prime Minister Hashimoto learned that the plant operators had lied to the government, he ordered a police raid on the company's headquarters. Five officials eventually were demoted for falsifying reports.
Tsuruga (July 12th, 1999)The coolant water leakage accident on July 12, at the second unit of the Tsuruga nuclear power plant (Japan) was not only one of the worst in terms of amount of primary coolant water that leaked (50 tons), but it is a significant accident because the crack that caused the leakage is different in nature from other power plant pipe cracks of the past.
The coolant leak at the Tsuruga reactor caused radiation levels inside the reactor building to shoot up 11,500 times the legal safety limit. This finding was announced by Japan Atomic Power Co. which operates the plant. At first, they said the highest level was about 250 times the limit (4 Bequerel per square centimeter set by Nuclear Reactors Control Law), but later they had to correct that figure. The highest level (46,000 Bequerel) was detected in a room on the second level basement, which is nine meters below the cracked pipe. The pipe in which the 4.4-cm long crack was found on July 12 was removed and closely examined. A second crack, 8 cm long, was found on the opposite side of the first crack. Later more cracks were found.
Tokaimura (September 30th, 1999)On the day of the criticality accident, workers were running fuel through the last steps of the fuel purification process.... The JCO plant only needed to mix some high-purity enriched uranium oxide (U3O8) with nitric acid to form uranyl nitrate for shipping. During this operation, the workers deviated from the licensed procedure in three basic ways.
First, to speed up the process, they mixed the oxide and nitric acid in 10-liter buckets rather than in the dissolving tank (in doing so, they followed the practice that JCO had written into its manual—without Science and Technology Agency approval).
Second, for convenience, they added the bucket contents to the precipitation tank rather than to the buffer tank. That was a key misstep, because the tall, narrow geometry of the buffer tank precludes criticality.
Third, in filling the precipitation tank, the crew added seven buckets, or roughly seven times more uranium than permitted by the STA license. It was the seventh bucket that caused the mixture to go critical [..]
According to STA, the three workers in the room at the time the precipitation tank went critical received doses of 17, 10, and 3 sieverts. The entire JCO plant, not just the purification operation, was shut down, and STA revoked JCO’s operating license for the plant.
Stoneleigh: Two of the exposed workers died from lethal doses of radiation. Over forty others were treated for high level exposure, and hundreds of people living near the plant had to be temporarily evacuated from their homes
Mihama (August 9th, 2004)A fatal accident happened at the Mihama No. 3 nuclear power station in Fukui prefecture, Japan. The plant is owned and run by Kansai Electric Power corporation (KEPCO), the major power utility in Western Japan. Four workers were scalded to death by superheated steam, seven other workers were injured.
The accident happened when the reactor was about to undergo routine maintenance. The accident was caused by a bursting steam pipe in the non-radioactive part of the reactor. In 27 years of operation that 56 cm diameter pipe had not once been checked for corrosion, let alone replaced. By the time it burst, its walls had worn down from an initial 10 mm of carbon steel to a mere 1.4 mm. Regulations required the pipes to be replaced when the walls were eroded to a thickness of 4.7 mm. Nine months before the accident a subcontractor company had alerted the operators to the need for inspections, but the warning was ignored.
Kashiwazaki-Kariwa (July 16th, 2007) World's largest nuclear installation, with 7 reactorsA 6.8 earthquake [significantly larger than the design-basis accident for the plant], 10 kilometres offshore from the Honshu west coast plant, caused subsidence of the main structure, ruptured water pipes, started a fire that took five hours to extinguish, and triggered radioactive discharges into the atmosphere and sea. The company initially said there was no release of radiation, but admitted later that the quake had released radiation and had spilled radioactive water into the Sea of Japan. Seismologist Katsuhiko Ishibashi warned that had the epicentre been 10 kilometres to the southwest and at magnitude 7, Kashiwazaki City would have experienced a major emergency.
Monju (August 26th, 2010, only 4 months after restart following a 14 year hiatus of operations)The accident involved a 3-tonne "fuel-replacement device" falling into the reactor vessel when being removed after a scheduled fuel replacement operation. According to Japanese Atomic Energy Agency (JAEA), the accident may result in a delay in bringing the reactor back into operation, since the device may have damaged the reactor vessel wall.”
Stoneleigh: The incident that most vividly illustrates the difficulty in establishing any kind of transparency or accountability in light of the tight-knit culture of the Atomic Village is the 1996 suicide of Shigeo Nishimura, deputy general manager of the general affairs department of the Power Reactor and Nuclear Fuel Development Corp. (PNC), who had been charged with investigating the cover up of the first Monju accident. His actions represent a willingness to pay the highest price in order to remain loyal to his chosen collective.
The Monju accident fall-outHe was tormented both by failure to get to the bottom of the cover-up and by the harm his inquiries would do to colleagues and the government corporation for which he worked for 26 years.
"They (PNC staff) were confident in their technical ability. But they may have found it difficult to explain their panic and confusion from the accident. It is most difficult for people to judge others and discover the truth," Nishimura said in one of three suicide notes. He was investigating why plant officials took one hour to notify authorities about the leak and why video film of the incident was both edited and concealed from the press and government agency charged with determining what caused the leak.
Stoneleigh: The cover up culture does not apply only to the aftermath of accidents, but has also been demonstrated repeatedly in the conduct of day to day operations. What has emerged into the public domain is surely the tip of the iceberg, but it represents damning evidence of disregard for safety and the public interest on behalf of utility companies, regulators and the government.
Whistleblowers have been scapegoated, punishing the few who are prepared to risk disloyalty to their companies. Companies order staff to violate safety procedures or falsify data. Regulators turn a blind eye to violations, incompetence and failure to address obvious risks. Governments blindly push ahead with a one-dimensional agenda. Nuclear is meant to represent a shining new future, in contrast to remaining mired in a decaying past, but the foundations of that future have been built in a seismic zone, both literally and metaphorically.
Japan’s TEPCO: a history of nuclear disaster cover-upsThe Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) is the conglomerate at the centre of Japan’s nuclear radiation emergency at Fukushima. Its operations over the past several decades epitomise the government-backed pursuit of corporate profit, at the direct expense of lives, health and safety.
TEPCO is the fourth largest power company in the world, and the biggest in Asia, operating 17 nuclear reactors and supplying one-third of Japan’s electricity. It has a long, documented history of serious safety breaches, systemic cover-ups of potentially fatal disasters, persecution of whistleblowers, suppression of popular opposition and use of its economic and advertising clout to silence criticism.
Among the company’s record of more than 200 proven falsifications of safety inspection reports [between 1977 and 2002] are several relating to the stricken Fukushima Daiichi facility itself. In 2002, TEPCO admitted to falsifying reports about cracks that had been detected in core shrouds at reactors number 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, as far back as 1993. According to the Nuclear Industrial Safety Agency (NISA), TEPCO had attempted to hide cracks in reactor vessel shrouds in 13 units, including Fukushima Daiichi (6 reactors), Fukushima Daini (4 reactors), and Kashiwazaki-Kariwa (7 reactors). [..]
TEPCO’s wrongdoings were only revealed as a result of whistle-blowing by a former engineer at General Electric (GE), a company with close connections to TEPCO. GE built the plants and has been contracted by TEPCO to carry out inspection and operational matters for decades. Two years earlier, the engineer had reported the safety frauds to the relevant ministry, MITI, the forerunner of the current Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), only to have the government supply his name to TEPCO and conspire with the company to bury the information.
Hitachi, which conducted the air tightness checks for TEPCO, was also implicated in the manipulation of test results. On two occasions, the pressure readings in Fukushima’s No 1 reactor were unstable, so workers were instructed to inject air into the container to make it appear that pressure was being maintained [..]
The 2007 closure of TEPCO’s largest nuclear plant contributed to the company posting its first ever losses over the past two years. It is now the world’s most indebted utility, with current net borrowings of $88 billion. This financial crisis has driven management to slash costs and boost output from its other plants, no doubt also at the expense of safety. TEPCO’s “2020 Vision” document pledges to “accelerate cost reduction efforts” and raise the non-fossil fuel (mainly nuclear) proportion of its generation from 33 to 50 percent.
Japan nuclear firm admits missing safety checks at disaster-hit plantThe power plant at the centre of the biggest civilian nuclear crisis in Japan's history contained far more spent fuel rods than it was designed to store, while its technicians repeatedly failed to carry out mandatory safety checks, according to documents from the reactor's operator [..]
When the plant was struck by a huge earthquake and tsunami, its reactors, designed by US scientists 50 years ago, contained the equivalent of almost six years of highly radioactive uranium fuel produced by the facility [..]
The revelations will add to pressure on TEPCO to explain why, under its cost-cutting chief executive Masataka Shimizu, it opted to save money by storing the spent fuel on site rather than invest in safer storage options [..]
One month before the tsunami, government regulators approved a TEPCO request to prolong the life of one of its six reactors by another decade, despite warnings that its backup power generator contained stress cracks, making them more vulnerable to water damage. Weeks later, TEPCO admitted it had failed to inspect 33 pieces of equipment inside the plant's cooling systems, including water pumps, according to the nuclear safety agency's website.
Fukushima Engineer Says He Helped Cover Up Flaw at Dai-Ichi Reactor No. 4Mitsuhiko Tanaka says he helped conceal a manufacturing defect in the $250 million steel vessel installed at the Fukushima Dai-Ichi No. 4 reactor while working for a unit of Hitachi Ltd. (6501) in 1974 [..]
Tanaka says the reactor pressure vessel inside Fukushima’s unit No. 4 was damaged at a Babcock-Hitachi foundry in Kure City, in Hiroshima prefecture, during the last step of a manufacturing process that took 2 1/2 years and cost tens of millions of dollars. If the mistake had been discovered, the company might have been bankrupted, he said.
Inside a blast furnace the size of a small airplane hanger the reactor pressure vessel was being treated one last time to remove welding stress. The cylinder, 20 meters tall and 6 meters in diameter, was heated to more than 600 degrees Celsius (1,112 degrees Fahrenheit), a temperature that softens metal.
Braces that were supposed to have been placed inside during the blasting were either forgotten or fell over when the cylinder was wheeled into the furnace. After the vessel cooled, workers found that its walls had warped, Tanaka said.
The vessel had sagged so that its height and width differed by more than 34 millimeters, meaning it should have been scrapped, according to nuclear regulations. Rather than sacrifice years of work and risk the company’s survival, Tanaka’s boss asked him to reshape the vessel so that no-one would know it had ever been damaged. Tanaka had been working as an engineer for the company’s nuclear reactor division and was known for his programming skills.
“I saved the company billions of yen,” said Tanaka, who says he was paid a 3 million yen bonus and presented with a certificate acknowledging his “extraordinary” effort. “At the time, I felt like a hero,” he said.
Over the course of a month, Tanaka said he made a dozen nighttime trips to an International Business Machines Corp. office 20 kilometers away in Hiroshima where he used a super- computer to devise a repair.
Meanwhile, workers covered the damaged vessel with a sheet, Tanaka said. When Tokyo Electric sent a representative to check on their progress, Hitachi distracted him by wining and dining him, according to Tanaka. Rather than inspecting the part, they spent the day playing golf and soaking in a hot spring, he said.
“The guy wouldn’t have known what he was looking at anyway,” Tanaka said. “The people at the utility have no idea how the parts are made.”
After a month of computer modeling, Tanaka came up with a way to use pumpjacks to pop out the sunken wall. While it would look like nothing had ever happened, no-one knew what the effect of the repair would have on the integrity of the vessel [..]
After the meltdown at Chernobyl in 1986, Tanaka was asked to narrate a Russian movie documenting the disaster. A team of Soviet filmmakers had taken 30 hours of footage inside the plant, getting very close to the ruptured core. The movie’s director died of radiation poisoning about a year after the filming. While watching the footage, Tanaka had a breakdown.
“All of a sudden I was sobbing and I started to think about what I’d done,” Tanaka said. “I was thinking, ‘I could be the father of a Japanese Chernobyl.’”
Two years later Tanaka says he went to the Trade Ministry to report the cover-up he’d been involved in more than a decade earlier. The government refused to investigate and Hitachi denied his accusations, he said.
“They said, if Hitachi says they didn’t do it, then there’s no problem,” Tanaka said. “Companies don’t always tell the truth.”
WikiLeaks: Japanese power companies hid nuclear safety problemsEighteen months before Japan’s radiation crisis, U.S. diplomats had lambasted the safety chief of the world’s atomic watchdog for incompetence, especially when it came to the nuclear power industry in his homeland, Japan.
Cables sent from the U.S. embassy in Vienna to Washington, which were obtained by WikiLeaks and reviewed by Reuters, singled out Tomihiro Taniuchi, until last year head of safety and security at the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
TEPCO, "Partial Meltdowns", and a Lack of Disaster Preparation at the Fukushima Nuclear PlantThe Fukushima nuclear power plant was built to withstand a magnitude 7.5 earthquake and a 5.7-meter-high tsunami. The March 11 earthquake measured 9.0 on the Richter scale and the tsunami was over 10 meters high. The Japanese nuclear establishment largely disregarded the potentially destructive force of tsunamis. The word did not even appear in government guidelines until 2006, decades after plants began dotting the Japanese coastline.
Norimitsu Onishi and James Glanz wrote in the New York Times, “Japanese government and utility officials have repeatedly said that engineers could never have anticipated the magnitude 9.0 earthquake ...that caused the sea bottom to shudder and generated the huge tsunami. Even so, seismologists and tsunami experts say that according to readily available data, an earthquake with a magnitude as low as 7.5 — almost garden variety around the Pacific Rim — could have created a tsunami large enough to top the bluff at Fukushima.
After an advisory group issued nonbinding recommendations in 2002, TEPCO... raised its maximum projected tsunami at Fukushima Daiichi to between 17.7 and 18.7 feet — considerably higher than the 13-foot-high bluff. Yet the company appeared to respond only by raising the level of an electric pump near the coast by 8 inches, presumably to protect it from high water.” “We can only work on precedent, and there was no precedent,” said Tsuneo Futami, a former Tokyo Electric nuclear engineer who was the director of Fukushima Daiichi in the late 1990s. “When I headed the plant, the thought of a tsunami never crossed my mind.
The intensity with which the earthquake shook the ground at Fukushima also exceeded the criteria used in the plant’s design...Japan is known for its technical expertise. For decades, though, Japanese officialdom and even parts of its engineering establishment clung to older scientific precepts for protecting nuclear plants, relying heavily on records of earthquakes and tsunamis, and failing to make use of advances in seismology and risk assessment since the 1970s.
For some experts, the underestimate of the tsunami threat at Fukushima is frustratingly reminiscent of the earthquake — this time with no tsunami — in July 2007 that struck Kashiwazaki. The ground at Kashiwazaki shook as much as two and a half times the maximum intensity envisioned in the plant’s design, prompting upgrades at the plant. “They had years to prepare at that point, after Kashiwazaki, and I am seeing the same thing at Fukushima,” said Peter Yanev, an expert in seismic risk assessment based in California, who has studied Fukushima for the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Energy Department.
Stoneleigh: The on-going Fukushima disaster, coming on top of the litany of safety violations, has unsurprisingly had a tremendous impact on public trust in relation to nuclear power. People are afraid of the radiation that they cannot detect, and do not trust any part of the Atomic Village to provide with accurate or timely information. They have learned where the priorities of its hive-mind lie. Concern over numerous other plants impacted by the earthquake and tsunami is rapidly developing. So is awareness of the vulnerability of other existing plants in different parts of the country to the same seismic risks which overcame the defences at Fukushima.
Water leaks from Onagawa atomic plant after latest quakeThe operator of a nuclear power station in north-eastern Japan said Friday that the company had found water leaks at the plant after a magnitude-7.4 earthquake overnight. Tohoku Electric Power Co, which runs the Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant in Miyagi prefecture, said water leaked from spent-fuel pools at two reactors and also from other parts of the plant.
Radiation leaks from fuel rods suspected” at Japan’s Tsuruga nuclear plant — Radioactive Xenon up 75,000%Leaks of radioactive materials from fuel rods have been suspected at a nuclear power plant in Tsuruga, the Fukui prefectural government said Monday, citing a rise in density of the toxic substances in coolant water [..]
According to Japan Atomic, 4.2 becquerels of iodine-133 and 3,900 becquerels of xenon gas were detected per cubic centimeter Monday, up from 2.1 and 5.2 becquerels, respectively, during previous measurements conducted last Tuesday.”
The entire region has a population of 18,644,000 over an area of 11,170 sq km. It is Japan's second most populated urban region after the Greater Tokyo Area, containing approximately 15% of Japan's population.
Government intervention necessary if Hamaoka nuke plant can't make decision to shut downSo what exactly is the problem with the Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant?
First, it is located in the Shizuoka Prefecture city of Omaezaki, right atop the predicted epicenter of a great Tokai earthquake that experts have been warning for years will strike. According to Katsuhiko Ishibashi, a seismologist and professor emeritus at Kobe University, the surface of the fault where the quake is predicted to originate is located close to the surface of the ground, where the soil is soft, so if a major quake were to occur, severe ground upheaval cannot be avoided. This makes the site of the Hamaoka plant an unusually bad one for a nuclear power station.
In 2008, the government's Headquarters for Earthquake Research Promotion predicted that there was an 87-percent chance that a magnitude-8 range Tokai earthquake will occur in the next 30 years, and stepped up anti-disaster measures particularly in the Tokai region.
And yet, the Hamaoka plant has continued to run and has even been expanded, coming out victorious in lawsuits that sought to stop its operation, with the judge accepting the argument that the plant is capable of withstanding a magnitude-8 temblor. What about a magnitude-9 quake, then, like the one that struck on March 11?
Japan PM orders halt at Hamaoka nuclear plant"This is a decision made for the safety of the people when I consider the special conditions of the Hamaoka plant." Mr Kan said the government would work to prevent power supply problems arising from the decision. He said safety measures, including the construction of sea walls, would need to be implemented at the plant before operations resumed.
Stoneleigh: Seismic risks are always going to be a problem for Japanese nuclear power. Large earthquakes are occurring with increasing frequency, and Japanese plants are built on the coast for easy access to cooling water and relative remoteness from large centres of population. This leaves them inherently vulnerable to tsunamis.
A draft IAEA report on safety standards, published in October 2009, recommended that nuclear power plants be located more than 10 kilometres from the sea or ocean shoreline, or more than one km from a lake or fjord shoreline; or at an elevation of more than 50 metres from the mean water level.
The latest IAEA recommendations are far more stringent than the original standards set for Japanese plants. The six reactors at the Daiichi facility were commissioned between 1971 and 1979, while two other Japanese nuclear reactors date back to 1970.
“An anomalous magnitude 9.0 scale is far beyond the assumed safety standard when Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station started up forty years ago,” Yu Shibutani, director of Energy Geopolitics Ltd of Japan, said in an email to Reuters.
“The tsunami walls either should have been built higher, or the generators should have been placed on higher ground to withstand potential flooding, but it has failed.
“The accident exposes shortcomings in risk analysis as well as in engineering, and also the plant didn’t meet safety standards in both quake and tsunami wall.
Stoneleigh: When assessing the risk inherent in the use of nuclear power, we cannot ignore the human factor in any of its manifestations, including complacency in design in light of readily identifiable physical risks, failure to anticipate vulnerabilities to such factors as loss of power supply, unjustified trust in technological safety margins, poor training, a cavalier attitude towards maintenance, an incentive to cut corners in order to cut costs, collusion for the purpose of protecting an employer, misplaced loyalty, and a cosy relationship between the regulators and the regulated.
With technologies as sophisticated as nuclear power, and requiring competent management over generations at least, control can easily be an illusion, meaning that the risk of an accident can be far higher than the typical probabilistic risk assessment would suggest. Given that nuclear accidents can have catastrophic consequences, we should reconsider this particular method of boiling water.
We should also distrust those with vested interests in underplaying the risks. For a particularly egregious, and short-lived, past example of this latter tendency, you might like to watch this partially translated Japanese language "atomic propaganda" video.
The message is fairly clear from the images alone, and the child-like style in which they are presented by the character Plutonium-kun. However, check out the image at 7:26.
Plutonium kun also appeared in a 10-minute anime made about a decade ago by the Power Reactor and Nuclear Fuel Development Corporation (now the Japan Atomic Energy Agency), an industry body specializing in the development of fast-breeder and advanced-thermal reactors, an 'anime' that was swiftly withdrawn in part because of a scene in which Plutonium kun gets his boy pal to drink a glass of liquid plutonium while he sweetly intones that “I’m hardly absorbed by your stomach or intestines and I’m expelled by your body, so in fact I can’t kill people at all”.
Stoneleigh: Even in a land where serious issues are typically couched in terms of superficial 'cuteness', such a departure from reality still has tremendous power to shock.
US Home Market Takes a Tumble
by Nick Timiraos and Dawn Wotapka - Wall Street Journal
Steepest Quarterly Decline Since 2008
Home values posted the largest decline in the first quarter since late 2008, prompting many economists to push back their estimates of when the housing market will hit a bottom.
Home values fell 3% in the first quarter from the previous quarter and 1.1% in March from the previous month, pushed down by an abundance of foreclosed homes on the market, according to data to be released Monday by real-estate website Zillow.com. Prices have now fallen for 57 consecutive months, according to Zillow.
Last year, the housing market showed signs of improving as price depreciation slowed in some markets and stabilized in others. In response, a number of economists began forecasting that housing would hit a bottom in late 2011, then begin to recover. But the improvements, spurred by federal programs that gave buyers up to $8,000 in tax credits, proved fleeting. Sales collapsed when the credits expired last summer, and prices in many markets have been falling ever since.
While most economists expected sales to decline after tax credits expired, the drag on the market has been greater than many anticipated. "We expected December and January to be bad" as the market reeled from the after-effects of the tax credit, said Stan Humphries, Zillow's chief economist. But monthly declines for February and March were "really staggering," he said. They indicate "a reflection of the true underlying demand, which is now apparent because most of the tax credit is out of the system, and it's being completely overwhelmed by supply."
Mr. Humphries now believes prices won't hit bottom before next year and expects they will fall by another 7% to 9%. Other economists revised their forecasts. In April, the chief economist at mortgage company Fannie Mae, Doug Duncan, said home prices in the second quarter would be 5.3% lower than the previous-year period, down from his earlier estimate of a 2.6% decline. The estimates, which are based on data from the mid-1990s on, come from a proprietary computer program that takes into account sale prices for nearby homes that appear comparable, the size and other physical attributes of the home, its sales history and tax-assessment data, Mr. Humphries says.
Prices are decelerating in large part because the many foreclosed properties that often sell at a discount force other sellers to lower their prices. Mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have sold more than 94,000 foreclosed homes during the first quarter, a new high that represented a 23% increase from the previous quarter. More could be on the way: They held another 218,000 properties at the end of March, a 33% increase from a year ago. The companies are bracing for more bad news: On Friday, Fannie reported a $6.5 billion net loss, largely as it boosted loan-loss reserves in anticipation of falling home prices.
Paul Dales, a senior U.S. economist with Capital Economics, says prices could fall by as much as 10%, down from his previous forecasts of around 5%. A March survey of more than 100 economists by MacroMarkets LLC forecasts a 1.4% drop in prices this year, down from the December estimate of a 0.2% decline.
Other home-price indexes also show weakness. The widely followed Case-Shiller index published by Standard & Poor's showed that prices climbed from April 2009 until last summer, when they started declining as tax credits expired. Today, prices are on the verge of reaching new lows, the index shows. The Case-Shiller index tracks repeat sales of previously owned homes using a three-month moving average.
According to the Zillow index, a handful of California markets and Washington, D.C., saw price appreciation last year, but that has since reversed. Mr. Humphries attributes the "double dip" in those markets, which include Los Angeles, San Francisco and San Diego, to the way in which the tax credit stimulated demand from buyers. When the tax credit went away, markets were left with rising supply from foreclosures but with less demand from buyers.
Detroit, Chicago and Minneapolis posted the largest declines during the first quarter of the top 25 metro areas tracked by Zillow, while Pittsburgh, Dallas and Washington posted the smallest declines.
To be sure, steep declines in home prices along with mortgage rates near their lowest levels in decades have helped make housing more affordable than at any time in the past 30 years, according to Zillow. Markets that have lower levels of foreclosures, such as Dallas, and those with better job-growth prospects, such as Washington, are faring better.
However, credit standards remain tight, posing another challenge for the housing market. Just as many unqualified borrowers received loans during the boom, "there are people today who probably could afford loans but can't get them," says David Berson, chief economist at PMI Group Inc. The average credit score on loans backed by Fannie Mae stood at 762 in the first quarter, up from an average of 718 for the 2001-2004 period.
Joe Sullivan, a real-estate agent in Stockton, Calif., is worried that more traditional buyers are seeing their loan applications canceled late in the process as lenders change qualification terms. If mortgage standards continue tightening, prices are "going to drop down to where only investors can get them, people with cash money," he said. Sales to absentee buyers, primarily investors, accounted for 47% of all Phoenix-area home sales in March, the highest level for any month in more than a decade, according to DataQuick, a real-estate research firm.
Christine Rice spent two years looking to buy a home in Los Angeles but found herself continually losing out to bids from investors offering to pay in cash. In September, she finally made a winning bid, paying $275,000 for a two-bedroom home. The prospect of falling prices "doesn't keep me up at night, but only because it was so cheap," says the 43-year-old tailor, who says she and her husband needed to move to have more space for their family. Her mortgage payments plus taxes are less than the rent she had been paying. "If it had been a stretch, then maybe I'd be worried," she says.
Buyers who qualify for mortgages are demanding bigger discounts as added insurance against further declines in values. Sellers, meanwhile, are balking. "More often, they don't want to take the first offer," says Jeffrey Otteau, president of Otteau Valuation Group, an East Brunswick, N.J., appraisal firm. "What they don't realize is, in an oversupplied market, the next offer is for less."
While some analysts have argued that home prices need to fall to "clearing prices" that will attract more buyers, price declines could also complicate any recovery by pushing more borrowers under water. Zillow estimates that more than 28% of borrowers owe more than their homes are worth nationally. Those numbers are much higher in hard-hit markets such as Phoenix, where more than two-thirds of borrowers owe more than their homes are worth.
No Respite From Housing Recession in First Quarter
by Stan Humphries - Zillow
Home values fell three percent in the first quarter of this year, marking a pace of decline not seen since 2008 when the housing recession was at its worst. Home values fell one percent between February and March and 8.2 percent from March 2010. The cumulative decline in home values since the market peak is now 29.5 percent (see Figures 1 and 2).
There was little escaping the housing downturn in Q1 2011. With only one metro showing positive year-over-year change (Honolulu MSA), and one remaining flat (Pittsburgh MSA), the vast majority of U.S. markets logged declines over the past 12 months. The metros hit hardest were geographically diverse with Ocala, FL, Pueblo, CO, Detroit and Atlanta experiencing the sharpest yearly declines.
Homes in the bottom price tier lost the most value in the first quarter, while homes in the top tier lost the least amount of value. The value of homes in the bottom tier fell 13.9 percent year-over-year, while homes in the middle tier fell 8.7 percent and homes in the top tier fell 4.3 percent.
Nearly three-quarters (74.5 percent) of homes in the United States lost value from Q1 2010 to Q1 2011. That’s up from Q4 2010, when 69.2 percent had lost value, but is down substantially from a peak of 85.5 percent in Q1 2009.
A record (37.7 percent) number of homes sold in March were sold for a loss. The rate of homes selling for a loss has steadily increased since June 2010.
Negative equity in the first quarter reached new high with 28.4 percent of all single-family homes with mortgages underwater, from 27 percent in Q4.
Foreclosure liquidations rose throughout the first quarter after falling in late 2010 following the "robo-signing" controversy. In March, one out of every 1,000 (0.1 percent) homes in the country was lost to foreclosures, up from 0.09 percent in in December 2010, their lowest point since November 2009 (see Figure 3).
Foreclosure re-sales reached a new peak in March 2011, representing 23.7 percent of all sales during the month compared to 17 percent in March 2010. Foreclosure re-sales have been increasing steadily since June, when they made up 14 percent of all sales.
Because of the strong depreciation in the first quarter, we’ve revised our forecast for the total home value decline nationally in 2011 to 7-9 percent (previously 5-7 percent) and our forecast of the bottom from late 2011 to 2012 at the earliest. As always, our expectation post-bottom (where we define the bottom as the end of consistent monthly depreciation) is for a long period of below-normal real estate appreciation during which time we work out the remaining overhang of excess housing supply.
Housing demand remains fundamentally weak but will see some improvement in the balance of this year due to slowly improving employment conditions and increasing rates of household formation. We believe, however, that this somewhat improving picture on the demand side will be largely offset by excess supply. The supply picture continues to look bad with approximately two million homes in the foreclosure process and another more than 1.5 million homes seriously delinquent. While delinquencies do appear to be declining recently, we believe that rates will remain much higher than normal for a considerable period of time due to high negative equity rates and elevated unemployment.
Why America’s ‘zombie consumers’ won’t be coming back to life soon
by Brian Milner - Globe And Mail
Economy watchers looking for a spark of life in the exhausted, debt-ridden American consumer are quick to latch on to any signs of a pulse. The latest came in the form of higher personal borrowing in March. The $6.02-billion (U.S.) increase marked the sixth consecutive monthly advance and was nearly three times higher than the most bearish forecasts. And the best news of all: Credit-card debt climbed, marking only the second such rise since the housing and credit market collapse.
Getting American consumers back to their free-spending ways is the fervent hope of just about every economy planner on the planet. The old shopping habits of these once thoroughly dependable mall people formed the very foundation on which broad Western prosperity and strong growth in China and the rest of the emerging world were built. But so far, the recovering shopaholics continue a distressing pattern of retrenchment, a trend undoubtedly intensified by plunging housing values and higher fuel and food costs.
U.S. consumer spending rose only 2.7 per cent in the first quarter, down sharply from 4 per cent in the last three months of 2010. Which is no trivial matter, considering that the consumer accounts for about 70 per cent of the U.S. economy, down from 71.3 per cent at the precrisis peak. (The Canadian level reached 64 per cent last year, up from 56 per cent in 2000). The U.S. consumer share will continue shrinking until it returns to about the 66-per-cent level that prevailed for much of the last quarter of the 20th century, putting a big dent in GDP, prominent Wall Street economist Stephen Roach was saying the other day. "We’re only 20 per cent of the way there."
Annual growth in real U.S. consumption totalled close to 4 per cent before the financial crisis struck in 2007. If the current trend continues, it will be closer to half that amount, Mr. Roach said in Toronto before addressing a business audience gathered at Grano restaurant for its popular salon speakers series. "It’s not a pretty picture," added Mr. Roach, a Yale University fellow who made his considerable reputation as a long-time, often bearish, chief economist with Wall Street heavyweight Morgan Stanley, before turning his attention to China and other rising Asian economies.
Before the crisis, American consumption was soaring not because of income growth or rising employment but because "we levered an asset bubble. We extracted money from overvalued property. And that’s over. … Consumers are stuck with a legacy of excessive debt, inadequate saving, and facing high unemployment, higher underemployment, weak incomes and holding on to assets that are under water."
No wonder he declares that "the American consumer is toast." Higher exports and increased capital spending could help the U.S. economy weather the consumer’s demoralizing decline. "But I would say reduce your estimates of trend GDP growth in the U.S. over the next three to five years by at least one percentage point. That’s a big deal."
Indeed it is. And it’s a shift that hasn’t been lost on China, which has embarked on an ambitious plan to change its economic model from one focused on export manufacturing geared toward those U.S. shoppers to one centred on services and domestic Chinese consumption.
"A post-crisis generation of ‘zombie consumers’ in the U.S. is likely to hobble growth in global consumption for years to come. And that means that export-led developing Asia now has no choice but to turn inward and rely on its own 3.5 billion consumers," Mr. Roach wrote recently in an Asian publication. "I think China gets it, in terms of dealing with its imbalances," says Mr. Roach, non-executive chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia and author in 2009 of The Next Asia. "China will draw down surplus savings, its current account surplus and slow its rate of foreign-currency reserve accumulation and naturally reduce its demand for dollar-based assets."
But on the other side of the ledger, the United States will remain stuck with the world’s largest current account deficit and a worsening fiscal and economic outlook. "The debate in Washington tells me that we don’t get it. We don’t feel the pressure, the urgency to address our savings shortfall. The budget debate would be comical if it didn’t have such tragic implications for the future of the United States."
The outcome could be "an asymmetrical rebalancing of the global economy, where the biggest surplus saver [China] moves in a credible way to boost internal private consumption, but the biggest deficit saver does very little."
I ask whether this increases the chances of the world sliding back into recession. "I’m not prepared to turn in my stripes as a card-carrying double-dipper," Mr. Roach says. "The lessons of centuries and centuries of financial history … make it very clear that post-crisis recoveries are weak. When they’re weak for a long period of time, they lack the cushion that economies normally need to withstand the blows of a shock. So I don’t think you can rule it out."
Why I Won't Support More Bailouts
by Timo Soini - Wall Street Journal
Insolvency must be purged from Europe's system and it must be done openly and honestly.
When I had the honor of leading the True Finn Party to electoral victory in April, we made a solemn promise to oppose the so-called bailouts of euro-zone member states. These bailouts are patently bad for Europe, bad for Finland and bad for the countries that have been forced to accept them. Europe is suffering from the economic gangrene of insolvency—both public and private. And unless we amputate that which cannot be saved, we risk poisoning the whole body.
The official wisdom is that Greece, Ireland and Portugal have been hit by a liquidity crisis, so they needed a momentary infusion of capital, after which everything would return to normal. But this official version is a lie, one that takes the ordinary people of Europe for idiots. They deserve better from politics and their leaders. To understand the real nature and purpose of the bailouts, we first have to understand who really benefits from them. Let's follow the money.
At the risk of being accused of populism, we'll begin with the obvious: It is not the little guy that benefits. He is being milked and lied to in order to keep the insolvent system running. He is paid less and taxed more to provide the money needed to keep this Ponzi scheme going. Meanwhile, a kind of deadly symbiosis has developed between politicians and banks: Our political leaders borrow ever more money to pay off the banks, which return the favor by lending ever-more money back to our governments, keeping the scheme afloat.
In a true market economy, bad choices get penalized. Not here. When the inevitable failure of overindebted euro-zone countries came to light, a secret pact was made. Instead of accepting losses on unsound investments—which would have led to the probable collapse and national bailout of some banks—it was decided to transfer the losses to taxpayers via loans, guarantees and opaque constructs such as the European Financial Stability Fund, Ireland's NAMA and a lineup of special-purpose vehicles that make Enron look simple. Some politicians understood this; others just panicked and did as they were told.
The money did not go to help indebted economies. It flowed through the European Central Bank and recipient states to the coffers of big banks and investment funds.Further contrary to the official wisdom, the recipient states did not want such "help," not this way. The natural option for them was to admit insolvency and let failed private lenders, wherever they were based, eat their losses. That was not to be. As former Finance Minister Brian Lenihan recently revealed, Ireland was forced to take the money. The same happened to Portuguese Prime Minister José Sócrates, although he may be less forthcoming than Mr. Lenihan about admitting it.
Why did the Brussels-Frankfurt extortion racket force these countries to accept the money along with "recovery" plans that would inevitably fail? Because they needed to please the tax-guzzling banks, which might otherwise refuse to turn up at the next Spanish, Belgian, Italian, or even French bond-auction.
Unfortunately for this financial and political cartel, their plan isn't working. Already under this scheme, Greece, Ireland and Portugal are ruined. They will never be able to save and grow fast enough to pay back the debts with which Brussels has saddled them in the name of saving them. And so, unpurged, the gangrene spreads. The Spanish property sector is much bigger and more uncharted than that of Ireland. It is not just the cajas that are in trouble. There are major Spanish banks where what lies beneath the surface of the balance sheet may be a zombie, just as happened in Ireland for a while. The clock is ticking, and the problem is not going away.
Setting up the European Stability Mechanism is no solution. It would institutionalize the system of wealth transfers from private citizens to compromised politicians and otherwise failed bankers, creating a huge moral hazard and destroying what remains of Europe's competitive banking landscape.
Some defend the ESM, saying its use would always require unanimity. But the current mess with Portugal shows that the elite in Brussels will seek to enforce unanimity through pressure when it cannot be obtained by persuasion. Abolishing unanimity is only a matter of time. After that we have a full-fledged fiscal transfer union that is obviously in hock to Brussels' anti-growth corporatism.
Fortunately, it is not too late to stop the rot. For the banks, we need honest, serious stress tests. Stop the current politically inspired farce. Instead, have parallel assessments done by regulators and independent groups including stakeholders and academics. Trust, but verify.
Insolvent banks and financial institutions must be shut down, purging insolvency from the system. We must restore the market principle of freedom to fail. If some banks are recapitalized with taxpayer money, taxpayers should get ownership stakes in return, and the entire board should be kicked out. But before any such taxpayer participation can be contemplated, it is essential to first apply big haircuts to bondholders.
For sovereign debt, the freedom to fail is again key. Significant restructuring is needed for genuine recovery. Yes, markets will punish defaulting states, but they are also quick to forgive. Current plans are destroying the real economies of Europe through elevated taxes and transfers of wealth from ordinary families to the coffers of insolvent states and banks. A restructuring that left a country's debt burden at a manageable level and encouraged a return to growth-oriented policies could lead to a swift return to international debt markets.
This is not just about economics. People feel betrayed. In Ireland, the incoming parties to the new government promised to hold senior bondholders responsible, but under pressure, they succumbed, leaving their voters with a sense of democratic disenfranchisement. The elites in Brussels have said that Finland must honor its commitments to its European partners, but Brussels is silent on whether national politicians should honor their commitments to their own voters. In a democracy, where we govern under the consent of the people, power is on loan. We do what we promise, even if it costs a dinner in Brussels, a "negative" media profile, or a seat in the cabinet.
When in Europe's long night of 1939-45, war came to Finland with the winter blizzards, my mother was one of eight siblings being raised on a small farm in central Finland where my grandparents eked out a frugal living. My two young uncles rushed to the front and were both wounded in action during Finland's chapter of Europe's most terrible bloodshed. I was raised to know that genocidal war must never again be visited on our continent and I came to understand the values and principles that originally motivated the establishment of what became the European Union.
This Europe, this vision, was one that offered the people of Finland and all of Europe the gift of peace founded on democracy, freedom, justice and subsidiarity. This is a Europe worth having, so it is with great distress that I see this project being put in jeopardy by a political elite who would sacrifice the interests of Europe's ordinary people in order to protect certain corporate interests.
Europe may still recover from this potentially terminal disease and decline. Insolvency must be purged from the system and it must be done openly and honestly. That path is not easy, but it is always the right path—for Finland, and for Europe.
Mr. Soini is the chairman of the True Finns Party in Finland.
EU under pressure to slash ruinous Irish and Greek bailout bills
by Phillip Inman - Guardian
Ireland's prime minister heaped pressure on Brussels on Mondayto make concessions over his country's interest bill amid chaotic discussions between European Union finance ministers over the fate of the eurozone bailout funds.
With some kind of deal for Greece appearing all but inevitable, Enda Kenny said there was a question mark over Ireland's ability to meet its debt obligations without a cut in interest on its €85bn (£74.4bn) bailout package. Kenny's intervention came after a flurry of meetings and phone calls between ministers aimed at striking a compromise deal that would reduce the cost of loans to Greece and Ireland and prevent a disorderly debt restructuring.
Renewed efforts to stitch together a package of concessions have come under heavy fire from international investors as inadequate, with many arguing that the eurozone's creditor nations – including France, Germany and the Netherlands – need to offer better terms to stave off a Greek default on a large proportion of its debts.
The country's labour minister said that it was in talks with its eurozone partners to cover its ruinous funding gap. "The initial plan was for Greece to return to markets (to raise €27bn) in 2012. At this moment this appears difficult," Louka Katseli told Reuters. "Discussions are taking place at a European level to explore alternative responses."
Ratings agency Standard & Poor's increased the pressure after it suggested more radical measures would be required to make Greece's €327bn debt mountain sustainable, saying Athens may need to renege on 50% or more, implying big losses for investors. S&P downgraded Greece's credit rating further into junk territory – from BB- to B – sparking a furious riposte from the Greek finance ministry, which accused the agency of basing decisions on market rumours "that seriously cast in doubt [their validity]".
However, sustained efforts by the Athens administration to deflect criticism of its attempts to rejuvenate the economy have so far failed with international money markets sending the cost of insuring its debts up 19 basis points to a record 1,360, according to data provider CMA, signalling a 68% probability of default within five years. Swaps on Ireland reached an all-time high of 676 basis points, and contracts on Portugal also rose. The euro was down 0.4% at $1.4308, the lowest for three weeks, bringing its losses over the last four trading days to 3.8%, the biggest four-day drop since May 2010.
The EU executive attempted to calm the markets, saying it hoped for a decision within weeks on reducing the rate charged to Ireland to make Dublin's debt more sustainable. "The commission is clearly in favour of a rate cut," said Olli Rehn, EU commissioner for economic and monetary affairs. "The commission is against debt restructuring."
Yet Kenny, under intense pressure to strike an improved deal, told parliament a deal was only a matter of days away. "There is no doubt that a reduction in the interest rate on the monies we are borrowing from Europe would be a meaningful and appreciated measure," he said, before predicting it could be delivered at a eurozone finance ministers meeting next week.
His government's bid for lower interest payments has so far been blocked by Germany and France, who want Dublin to drop its veto on harmonising the corporate tax base in Europe or raise its own low rate. Kenny made clear he would not consent to raise corporation tax.
In Germany, a senior member of chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative party said a further cut in the rate on emergency loans to Greece, already reduced by one percentage point in March, would be justified if it carried out further reforms to reduce its debt risk. Michael Meister told German radio he opposed any idea that Athens should restructure its debt or consider leaving the eurozone.
The calls for lower interest rates came after a select group of top eurozone policymakers held not-so-secret talks in Luxembourg on Friday evening on how to stem the currency bloc's deepening sovereign debt crisis. One of the German government's economic advisers, Peter Bofinger, told Reuters Insider television that unless there was a comprehensive solution for all eurozone debt problems: "I'm not sure whether the euro area will remain intact for the next 12 months".
Greece angered by S&P rating cut
by Louise Armitstead - Telegraph
Investors in Greek debt may have to write-off 50% of their loans "or more" if financial stability is to be restored to the beleaguered country, a leading rating agency warned.
Standard & Poor's said that "there is increased risk that Greece will take steps to restructure" its €110bn (£97bn) bail-out package which would result in a "distressed exchange" for bondholders. At the same time, the rating agency cut Greece's credit rating from BB- to B, dragging its debt further into junk territory to reflect its more gloomy views.
Greece hit back at the downgrade, angrily denying any imminent restructuring. The Greek finance ministry said that there have been "no new developments or decisions since the last rating action" by S&P a month ago so the agency's views were "not justified." In a statement, the ministry added: "Decisions by ratings agencies must be based on objective data, policy makers' announcements and realistic assessments on the conditions facing an economy... When such decisions are based simply on rumours, their validity is seriously cast in doubt".
The fresh fears were sparked after it emerged over the weekend that secret talks had taken place in Luxembourg on Friday between Athens and some of the key European financial leaders. Rumours quickly spread that Greece had said it will not be able to raise €22bn by next year to meet its repayment schedule and was seeking a re-negotiation of the rescue package.
The debt markets lurched in response, impacting all three countries that have been bailed-out. The cost of insuring Greek, Irish and Portuguese national debt against default rose and shares across Europe. The euro also fell against the dollar for the fourth day in a row. Jeremy Stretch head of currency strategy at CIBC World Markets in London, said: "The Greek situation is like a slow motion car crash. The politicians know they have to dip into the pockets to find a solution to the problems facing Greece."
Officials said the European Commission was looking to lower interest rates on the bail-out loans to both Greece and Ireland in an effort to avoid any restructuring. A spokesman for Olli Rehn, the EU commissioner in charge of economic and monetary affairs, told reporters: "We hope for an agreement on an interest rate reduction in the coming weeks that can support Irish debt sustainability...The Commission is against debt restructuring."
A spokesman for the German Finance Ministry Martin Kotthaus told a news conference: "There is no discussion at the moment about extending the payment schedule or lowering the interest rates for Greece."
The 'troika' of the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) are this week expected to work on ways to relieve the pressure on the stricken countries ahead of a meeting of European finance ministers on Monday 16th May. As an alternative to reducing interest rates, the leaders could allow Greece to use Brussels' emergency funding mechanism, the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF), to roll over its maturing debts.
Separately, the Bank of Ireland announced the sale of its foreign currency exchange unit to Wells Fargo, the San Francisco-based bank. The Irish bank refused to give details of the sale of Foreign Currency Exchange Corporation but said it would have a negligible impact on the group's capital position.
The political causes of a not-so-secret meeting
by Wolfgang Münchau - Financial TImes
They cannot even organise a private meeting. How can they then solve a debt crisis? The bungling of a not-so-secret gathering of finance ministers in Luxembourg on Friday night provides an object lesson in how the politics of eurozone crisis resolution are going wrong.
We learnt this from a leak to Spiegel Online. The German news site’s story said Greece was considering leaving the eurozone, and that finance ministers were holding a secret meeting to discuss the issue. The story also offered the intriguing detail that Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister, had a report in his briefcase warning him of the prohibitive costs of a Greek exit.
Earlier that Friday evening, the spokesman for Jean-Claude Juncker, the Luxembourg prime minister who also has responsibility for finance, flatly denied that was the meeting was taking place at all. That statement was obviously untrue. The meeting ended on Friday night with the announcement that there was no discussion on a Greek exit or a Greek restructuring. I very much doubt that this statement – or indeed any official statement on the eurozone crisis – was true either.
It is my understanding that this meeting, and numerous others preceding it, discussed the whole gamut of options, including, of course, a restructuring of Greek debt. But the fact that options are being discussed does not mean they are being pursued. I am fairly sure Greece is not preparing to leave the eurozone, and that the European Union rejects an involuntary debt restructuring – for now that is.
The reason for the frantic diplomatic activity is that the eurozone is running out of easy options for dealing with Greek debt. There are valid objections to every proposal. An exit is too risky. A haircut – a discount on the outstanding principal for creditors – would kill the country’s banking system and land the European Central Bank with losses approaching €100bn. A voluntary restructuring would not do enough to reduce the net present value of Athens’ debt to a sustainable level.
I understand ministers have also discussed collateralised lending – swapping old Greek bonds into new collateralised debt at a discount. This would subordinate every Greek bondholder, including of course the ECB. The option to swap bonds of the European financial stability facility, the rescue umbrella, into peripheral bonds has been explicitly rejected by Berlin. This would probably have been the cheapest option but Germany wanted to nip in the bud anything that smells of a eurozone bond.
The core issue in the eurozone crisis is not the overall size of the peripheral countries’ sovereign debt. This is tiny relative to the monetary union’s gross domestic product. The area’s total debt-to-GDP ratio is lower than that of the UK, America or Japan. From a macroeconomic point of view, this is a storm in a teacup.
The problem is that the eurozone is politically incapable of handling a crisis that is now contagious and has the potential to cause huge collateral damage. The "grand bargain" – a series of institutional agreements on eurozone sovereign debt by the European Council in March – did not address the resolution of the current crisis. That process is starting only now. Those responsible have realised that, no matter which debt management option they choose, it will cost taxpayers hundreds of billions. It is highly unlikely states will accept fiscal transfers of such a size without imposing extreme conditions on one another.
The political reason this crisis goes from bad to worse is an unresolved problem of collective action. Both sides are at fault. The tight-fisted, economically illiterate northern parliamentarian is as much to blame as the southern prime minister who cares only about his own backyard. The Greek government played it relatively straight but Portugal’s crisis management has been, and remains, appalling.
José Sócrates, prime minister, has chosen to delay applying for a financial rescue package until the last minute. His announcement last week was a tragic-comic highlight of the crisis. With the country on the brink of financial extinction, he gloated on national television that he had secured a better deal than Ireland and Greece. In addition, he claimed the agreement would not cause much pain. When the details emerged a few days later, we could see none of this was true. The package contains savage spending cuts, freezes in public sector wages and pensions, tax rises and a forecast of two years’ deep recession.
You cannot run a monetary union with the likes of Mr Sócrates, or with finance ministers who spread rumours about a break-up. Europe’s political elites are afraid to tell a truth that economic historians have known forever: that a monetary union without a political union is simply not viable. This is not a debt crisis. This is a political crisis. The eurozone will soon face the choice between an unimaginable step forward to political union or an equally unimaginable step back. We know Mr Schäuble has contemplated, and rejected, the latter. We also know that he prefers the former. It is time to say so.
Greece bailout fails to halt debt woes
by Ian Traynor, Helena Smith, Nicholas Watt and Lisa O'Carroll - Guardian
Secret talks reveal Greece is unable to meet obligations under last year's €110bn eurozone rescue package
The eurozone's first ever bailout of a debt-laden member country is failing and will need to be renegotiated exactly a year after the €110bn (£96bn) rescue package was agreed for Greece.
Following secret talks in Luxembourg on Friday between Athens and some of the key EU players, it emerged that Greece will not be able to meet the terms of last year's rescue and is hoping to ask the eurozone for more funds.
As Britain made clear it did not want to offer any more support for Greece as part of an EU package or a bilateral loan, investors remain unconvinced of the ability of Athens to sustain its €340bn debt load.
Signalling that his government will struggle to finance itself on the bond markets by next year – which was part of the deal struck with the eurozone and the IMF – the Greek finance minister, George Papaconstantinou, said: "We will either go out to markets or use the recent decision by the EU that allows the European fund to buy Greek bonds. The markets continue to disbelieve in our country."
His trip to Luxembourg had been kept so quiet in Athens that only the prime minister, George Papandreou, knew about the discussions, which were led by Jean-Claude Juncker, the Luxembourg prime minister and president of the group uniting the 17 countries using the single currency. Juncker confirmed that the Greek bailout would need to be renegotiated amid alarmist reports that the country was contemplating reintroducing the drachma.
After the talks – attended by the finance ministers of Germany, France, Italy and Spain as well as Olli Rehn, European monetary affairs commissioner – Juncker said the Greek package needed a "readjustment". Haggling over a new Greek deal is set to dominate the weeks ahead. EU finance ministers will debate the topic next week and the Germans, in particular, are digging in their heels.
The chancellor, George Osborne, made clear that Britain felt it had done enough to support Greece. He told the Andrew Marr Show: "We certainly don't want to be part of any bailout of Greece, a second bailout. There are some very difficult questions that Greece has to address now because the whole assumption when the eurozone put together a rescue package last year was that Greece could come back into the market next year and borrow. The market is quite sceptical about that happening, and I suspect a lot of my time over the next few weeks is going to be with other European finance ministers and others talking about how we try and help the Greeks get through this situation."
Britain provided a bilateral loan to Ireland last year, but Osborne said: "I can't see us ever writing a cheque directly from the British taxpayer to the Greeks or the Portuguese or indeed anyone else. Ireland was a special case."
Over the weekend, tensions mounted in Ireland after the Irish Central Bank governor was accused of contributing to Ireland's financial crisis by woefully "miscalculating" the extent of losses in the country's banks. The attack on Patrick Honohan came amid reports that the IMF-European Union and European Central Bank troika had agreed a behind-the-scenes interest rate cut in Ireland's €85bn bailout which could save the country £400m a year.
Experts from the troika are arriving in Athens amid heightened urgency over the handling of the crisis. The Greek government had hoped that the announcement of a mid-term fiscal plan, whose centrepiece is a €50bn privatisation program, would help assuage the criticism of the socialist government's recent performance in implementing a draconian programme of fiscal consolidation.
The normally cool Papaconstantinou appeared uncharacteristically glum after the meeting where sources said Greece had used the occasion to press ahead with its request that eurozone member states soften the terms of the agreement reached on the bailout loans by further extending repayment deadlines. Adding to the ever growing sense of a government under siege Papandreou slammed critics at the weekend saying: "I call upon everyone in Greece and abroad, and especially in the EU, to leave Greece alone to do its job in peace."
UK faces £9 trillion ($14.7 trillion) savings shortfall
by Josephine Moulds - Telegraph
Britons need to save £16,700 more per year to live comfortably, cover long-term care costs, and pay back debts in their retirement. The country faces a staggering £9 trillion shortfall in savings to support the next generation after they stop work, according to a report from the Chartered Insurance Institute (CII).
"Currently, many pre-retirees have little savings and carry the burden of significant debts just at a time when their incomes are about to fall," it says. A spokesman for the CII added: "A lot of people are going to have their assets depleted by parents' long-term care costs or their own."
The report says the average care home costs £26,000 per year and the average stay is two years, although a significant proportion of people stay for more than four. That will rocket as people start to live longer. The proportion of very old people will grow the fastest, says the report, with the number of people over 90 expected to nearly treble over the next 20 years.
The CII insists the taxpayer will only be able to foot part of the bill. Steve Webb, minister for pensions, agrees: "The next generation will face a different world, with increasing life expectancy, the decline in final salary schemes and lower annuity rates. They are going to have to take greater responsibility for saving for their retirement."
Pensioners currently only receive 30pc of their former salary on average during retirement, says the OECD. It believes that needs to rise to around 70pc for people to enjoy a similar standard of living in retirement as when they were working.
The news comes after John Cridland, director general of the CBI, said charges for the government's new low-cost pension scheme were too high. The National Employment Savings Trust, where millions of the lower paid will be automatically enrolled, will charge the equivalent of 0.43pc a year.
Muni debt set for $29 billion refinancing
by Nicole Bullock and Aline van Duyn - Financial TImes
US states, cities and other local entities are gearing up to refinance a record $29bn of expiring bank guarantees this quarter, which have to be completed to avoid potential credit rating downgrades and defaults. If the guarantees are not refinanced, borrowers, such as states or cities, could have to pay much higher interest rates on the bonds backed by the guarantees and be forced to repay them more quickly.
Almost all of the bank guarantees that expired in the first quarter have been refinanced, according to Moody’s Investors Service, which estimates that $130bn of bank guarantees on municipal debt expire in 2011.
However, with the pace of refinancing rising sharply in the second quarter, and with many banks having pulled out of this market since the crisis, Moody’s said it was still concerned that refinancing might be difficult and that this could put pressure on the weakened finances of many municipal borrowers. "It is the biggest source of refinancing risk facing US municipal issuers," said Naomi Richman, managing director in Moody’s public finance group.
Municipal issuers that are unable to renew the guarantees or find alternatives for these schemes "are vulnerable to potentially severe and rapid credit deterioration", Moody’s said in a report issued on Monday.
US state and local governments have been under pressure since tax revenues plunged amid the recession. Growth in some areas continues to be sluggish.
Banks’ willingness to lend has also reduced. Before the crisis, many European banks had moved into the market for "letters of credit" and other support for municipal debts. Now, lenders are mainly domestic US banks. Moody’s said 57 per cent of new guarantees agreed to in the first quarter were made by three banks: JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo. In addition, uncertainty about capital rules means banks are reluctant to lend beyond 2014, Moody’s said.
New Basel III rules could make lending more expensive. As a result, most new guarantees have a shorter lifespan than pre-crisis deals, which means new deals cut now will have to be refinanced sooner. The wave of expiring bank deals supporting municipal debt is part of the fallout of the financial crisis. There was a big issuance of this type of debt at the end of 2007 and in 2008 to restructure auction rate securities.
The ARS market collapsed when bond insurers, which backed a large chunk of the municipal market, lost their triple A credit ratings on risky mortgage debt that they also guaranteed. Most of the replacement deals had three-year letters of credit or backstop purchase agreements from banks, resulting in the spike in expirations now.
Illinois pension fund could run out
by Thomas Verschelde - Northern Star
The pension funds of many occupations around Illinois, including teachers, are in jeopardy of running out soon. A pension is a payment made to a retiree or surviving dependents under certain conditions.
The funds are in jeopardy of running out because the state government has been slowly taking from the pension fund over time, said Lindsey Hall, assistant superintendent of Human Resources of DeKalb School District 428. "Our state government must stop borrowing from Teacher Retirement System (TRS) to pay down other debt," Hall said.
Even though the state is taking money out, this does not mean that the fund will dry up any time soon. "Everyone who is currently retired is getting their pensions," said DeKalb Mayor Kris Povlsen. "The only way the pension fund would run out is if everyone in the workforce retired today, then there would not be enough money to pay everyone’s pensions." To ensure that all retired teachers will maintain their current standard of living, the Illinois state government does increase pensions to teachers by 3 percent each year, Hall said.
Another problem facing new teachers is a new pension reform law that was passed Jan. 1. The reform law raises the retirement age to 67 and caps the amount of pension a retiree can receive in retirement. Teachers working before the law passed are not affected; only newly hired teachers will be affected, Hall said.
Teaching is a lifestyle choice, said Roger Scott assistant superintendent of curriculum, instruction, and assessment for District 428. Teachers immerse themselves in the lives of their students and for some people, teaching is the perfect profession.
"Teaching is one of the most noble and honorable professions, especially teaching in a public school," Hall said. "I don’t discourage students from pursuing their dreams of teaching. A teacher can plan and prepare for retirement outside of the TRS. While they still must contribute to TRS, everyone should responsibly save for the future, especially in uncertain economic times."
Digging Still Deeper In Friday's Jobs Report; What's the Real Unemployment Rate?
by Mike 'Mish' Shedlock - Global Economic Analysis
Every month the government posts the unemployment rate yet few know where the unemployment rate comes from, how it is determined, and the relationship between the unemployment rate and the monthly reported jobs total.
For a quick recap, the unemployment rate comes from a "Household Survey" while the reported headline jobs total comes from the "Establishment Survey". The former is a monthly phone survey, the latter is a sample of actual business employment.
The reason for the "Household Survey" is that it will pick up new business formation, especially small businesses that might not be on the radar of the "Establishment Survey" sample. Even if the "Establishment Survey" sample size was 100%, unless duplicate names were weeded out, it would double-count those holding multiple jobs.
The "Household Survey" attempts to determine five key items.
- Do you have a job?
- Is so was it full or part-time?
- If not, do you want a job?
- If you do not have a job and want a job, did you look for a job in the last 4 weeks?
- Are you in school, on leave, etc.
The BLS does not ask the questions like that, instead the BLS attempts to determine those answers by a detailed list of questions.
For a discussion of exactly what questions the BLS asks to determine the unemployment rate, please see Reader Question Regarding "Dropping Out of the Workforce"; Implications of the Falling Participation Rate
Definition of Unemployed
Logically, one might think one would be unemployed if they want a job and do not have a job.
However, the official definition of unemployed is you do not have a job, you want a job, and crucially, you have looked for a job in the last 4 weeks.
Every month the government reports "alternative" numbers but even though many of the alternate numbers are a more accurate representation of the unemployment rate, the media focuses on the headline number, ignoring millions who have "dropped out of the labor force" simply because they stopped looking for work.
Millions more are in "forced retirement", which I define as someone over 60 whose unemployment benefits ran out so they retired to collect Social Security even though they really want a job.
244,000 Jobs Added Last Month, So Why Did the Unemployment Rise?
Last month many were surprised to see the jobs report claim 244,000 jobs were added yet the unemployment rate ticked up 2 tenths from 8.8% to 9.0%.
The widely proclaimed reason from mainstream media was that jobs were more plentiful and because more people were looking for jobs.
That explanation makes sense on the surface in light of the official definition of unemployment (you had to have looked for a job in the last 4 weeks to be counted as unemployed). However, the explanation does not stand up to scrutiny.
The fact is, employment fell by 190,000 according to the Household Survey and another 131,000 people dropped out of the labor force last month or the unemployment would have been even higher. Fewer people (131,000 to be precise) wanted a lob and looked for jobs in April than in March.
The Obama administration as well as mainstream media wants to play job numbers both ways, that is to say they want to use the Household Survey when it suits their purpose and the Establishment Survey otherwise.
Regardless, close scrutiny of the details in the report shows the headline numbers were far worse than they looked.
I commented on that in my Friday post BLS Jobs Report: Nonfarm Payroll Headline Number Looks Good, Beneath the Surface, Awful where I said ...In the last year, the civilian population rose by 1,817,000. Yet the labor force dropped by 1,099,000. Those not in the labor force rose by 2,916,000. In January alone, a whopping 319,000 people dropped out of the workforce. In February another 87,000 people dropped out of the labor force. In March 11,000 people dropped out of the labor force. In April, 131,000 dropped out of the labor force. The 4-month total for 2011 is 548,000 people dropped out of the labor force.Ilargi at Automatic Earth Blog in Trojan Lies picked up on my post and commented "Indeed, I’d venture that if you add in all those who’ve left the work force since 2008, you’d end up way above 11%. All in all, the total number of people in the working age population who are not in the labor force hit a new all time high of 86.248 million in April. And Wall Street likes that."
Many of those millions who dropped out of the workforce would start looking if they thought jobs were available. Indeed, in a 2-year old recovery, the labor force should be rising sharply as those who stopped looking for jobs, once again started looking. Instead, an additional 548,000 people dropped out of the labor force in the first four months of the year. Were it not for people dropping out of the labor force, the [U3] unemployment rate would be well over 11%.
The math is simple enough, so let's see if Ilargi is correct.
From the latest BLS Jobs Report Table A1 Household Data
Civilian Labor Force: 153,421,000
Not in the Labor Force (April 2011 vs April 2010): 85,725,000 - 82,809,000 = 2,916,000
If those who dropped out of the labor force in the past year were added back into the labor force (adding 2,916,000 to both the labor force and the number of unemployed) the totals would look like this:
Revised Civilian Labor Force: 156,337,000
Revised Unemployed: 16,663,000
Revised Unemployment Rate = 16,663/156,337 = 10.6%
Unemployment Math Since April 2008
The above number is just for the past year. Ilargi wanted to go back to 2008.
Those not in the labor force as noted in the April 2008 Employment Report = 79,241,000
Those not in the labor force today = 85,725,000
Since April 2008 6,484,000 dropped out of the labor force.
If we add those back into the labor force and to the unemployed, the math look likes this:
Civilian Labor Force: 159,905,000
Revised Unemployment Rate = 20,231/159,905 = 12.7%
So Ilargi was correct to assume "way above 11%".
Unemployment Math Take III
Bear in mind some of those people retired because they wanted to, some died, some are too sick to work, some are in prison etc. However, I strongly suspect at least 60% of those people who dropped out of the labor force since April 2008 want a job and do not have a job.
Math at 60%
60% of 6,484,000 = 3,890,000
Civilian Labor Force: 153,421,000 + 3,890,000 = 157,311,000
Unemployed: 13,747,000 + 3,890,000 = 17,637,000
Unemployment Rate = 11.2%
If you want a range, assume 10.6% to 11.6%
Table A-15 Alternative Measures
Note that the Government reports "Alternative Measures" of unemployment every month in Table A-15.
If you take a look at line "U-5" above you will see the government adds back in "marginally attached" workers defined as those who want a job but did not look in the last 4 weeks.
U-5 is 10.4% which is in the ballpark of my 10.6% to 11.6% seat-of-the-pants calculation made above.
However, U-5 does not include those hiding out in school when they really want a job, and I rather doubt it includes "forced retirement" either. Thus, my number should be a bit higher than U-5, which it is.
What About Part-Time Workers?
The BLS says those who worked as little as 1 hour last week are considered employed.
According to the BLS, there are now 8,600,000 workers who want a full-time job but instead are working part-time. The BLS labels this group "part-time for economic reasons".
The number of rose by 167,000 last month.
Before companies hire full-time workers, many of those working part-time will see their hours rise first.
If you factor in those working part-time for economic reasons the unemployment rate rises to 15.9%, and if you factor in students and those in forced retirement who really would rather be working, it is likely another 1-2 points higher still.
With the Dollar in Turmoil, Two Debates on Gold Captivate Manhattan
by David Pietrusza - New York Sun
A Billionaire Likens America's Fiat Money To Double-Ply Toilet Paper
The double-header may be an endangered species in baseball, but a double-header of a different sort last night swept Manhattan, where nearly 1,000 people swarmed into an auditorium on the Upper West Side to hear luminaries debate the question of the gold standard and across town a packed auditorium heard a billionaire investor liken fiat paper currencies, including America’s, to toilet paper.
For the gold standard in the packed debate were one of the city’s most celebrated journalists, James Grant of Grant’s Interest Rate Observer, and a former director of the Office of Management and Budget under President Reagan, David Stockman. Against were a member of GMO’s asset allocation team, Edward Chancellor, and Richard Sylla, a professor of economics at New York University.
Said Mr. Stockman, "The gold standard wouldn't have allowed forty years of deficits . . . Nations were compelled to live within their means. . . . The gold standard was an honest regulator of Wall Street greed . . . nor did we [in upholding a gold standard] punish people who invested in savings accounts."
Edward Chancellor, while admitting that he was "not an enemy of gold," pointed to the series of panics in the century preceding World War I as evidence against the gold standard. "The type of sub-prime lending we've seen was possible under the gold standard," said he. He also pointed to the deficiencies of the gold standard re-instituted following 1918, noting that by the end the 1920s America and France controlled 62% of the world’s gold reseerves. He contended that Britain’s abandoning the gold standard in 1931 facilitated its recovery from the Great Depression. In the end, Mr. Chancellor argued against having any sort of reserve currency at all ("Get rid of all the reserve currencies").
Mr. Grant likenedt those who oppose the gold standard because of its temporary readjustments to the man who said, "I detest music because I don't like Lady Gaga." He considered the 1920s gold standard to be not a true gold standard. He called the current monetary system a "collectivist top-down tyranny . . . The clever and the nimble play this system for what it is worth." Gold he referred to as "the people’s money" and the dollar as "America's credit card." Said Mr. Grant: "We need a debit card not a credit card."
Mr. Sylla, the economist, said that "the world would outgrow the ability to use gold as a currency" if it were to return to a gold standard and that a return to a gold standard would translate into $9,421 an-ounce gold based on world reserves and $3,500-an-ounce gold based just on existing currency supply. He proposed, though did not further define, a "constitutional form of fiat currency." David Stockman countered that based on a 25% gold reserve requirement, the price of an ounce of gold would be at $2,000, which he said the markets would likely reach "in seven weeks" anyway.
Across town at the 92nd Street Y, the discussion avoided a return to a gold standard, though one panelist, John Hathaway, manager of a series of private gold-oriented accounts and gold funds for the Tocqueville Funds, opposed any return to a gold standard ("I don't believe there is a chance in hell the gold standard would return. . . . I wouldn't advocate it").
Moderated by the Economist’s American business editor, Matthew Bishop, this panel, titled "Gold: The Running of the Bulls," also featured the host of CNBC’s Mad Money, James Cramer, and a billionaire natural resources investor, Thomas Kaplan, who is chairman of the Electrum Group of companies. "I’ve been recommending gold since I started Mad Money," Mr. Cramer declared. " . . . There will be moments of fluff but I'm not really trading it . . . I regard it as the currency of your portfolio . . . I feel very strongly we are not in a topping phase." "I’d rather have the insurance policy of gold rather than the insurance policy of GEICO," Mr. Cramer later said.
Mr. Kaplan likened America’s fiscal policy since 1971 to the actions of Wile E. Coyote in the "Road Runner" cartoons, who runs over the cliff so fast it takes him a moment to realize there’s nothing beneath his feet. America's previously robust economy and the position of the dollar as the world's reserve currency has delayed, Mr. Kaplan suggested, but will not prevent its downward plunge. "We’ve passed the tipping point," he later warned.
The Euro, Mr. Kaplan said, is "a flawed currency." "All paper currency," said Mr. Kaplan, is "toilet paper currency"; the dollar is, on occasion, "double-ply."
Said Mr. Hathaway, "When someone says to me, ‘I’m trying to make money [in investing in gold], I say, ‘You're trying to protect your money.’. . . Gold is the best defense . . . That’s the reason to be in metals."
Regarding the recent plunge in the price of silver, Mr. Kaplan reminded listeners that unlike gold "silver has a split personality" — as the most widely-used monetary metal through history (both the Hebrew and French words for money, he noted, are based upon their words for silver), and as an industrial commodity, its most recent significant use being in the manufacture of solar panels at China.
"When gold is in a bull market," said Mr. Kaplan, "silver is on steroids; it goes nuts." Yet because of its industrial uses, silver can be a harbinger or victim of a downturn in the economy, with price drops not concurrently suffered by gold. "If we have a recession," said Mr. Kaplan, "the industrial component of silver works against it." "We are going back to the re-monetarization of gold by investers who no longer trust the central banks . . . .," concluded Mr. Hathaway, "The one thing I do know is it is not a bubble . . . . It is not over valued."
Policymakers learn a new and alarming catchphrase
by Gillian Tett - Financial Times
Another week, another wave of dismal fiscal gridlock in Washington. But as US politicians squabble about how to cut the debt , another concept with a catchy name is quietly starting to creep into the policy debate: “financial repression”.
A few weeks ago, Carmen Reinhart, a US economist who shot to fame two years ago by co-authoring an influential book on sovereign debt, This Time Is Different, produced a joint paper for the International Monetary Fund on the topic of “financial repression” in the west. And while this phrase is not yet mainstream news, it is starting to generate a buzz among the policy elite in Washington and in some European capitals.
The issue at stake revolves around the question of where investors “choose” to put their money. During the past three decades, western savers have generally assumed they could put their money wherever they wanted, since financial markets were organised according to the mantra of globalisation and free market capitalism – and thus the price of money (or interest rates) was set largely by demand. But as Ms Reinhart and Belen Sbrancia, her colleague, point out, this freedom was unusual. In the 1920s, global capital markets were also pretty free. But, from the 1940s to the 1980s, western governments operated capital controls and interest rate caps that restricted financial flows, limiting investor choice.
It is often assumed that these controls were driven by a wave of financial reforms after the 1929 stock market crash (just as governments are implementing financial reforms now). And that is partly true. However, Ms Reinhart and Ms Sbrancia argue that these controls also had a crucial fiscal impact. After the second world war, the debt of the advanced economies spiralled to about 90 per cent of gross domestic product, roughly comparable to today, which meant?western?governments desperately needed to find investors to buy the bonds.
One consequence of the controls was they created a captive domestic audience for those bonds. Better still, because these bonds paid a yield lower than inflation, whenever those captive investors bought bonds, they effectively paid a hidden subsidy to the government, enabling them to reduce the debt. Ms Reinhart and Ms Sbrancia argue the world has forgotten that the widespread system of financial repression “played an instrumental role in reducing or ‘liquidating’ the massive stocks of debt accumulated during World War II”. Between 1945 and the 1980s, they say the US and UK’s “annual liquidation of debt via negative real interest rates” on average amounted to 3-4 per cent of GDP per year, or 30-40 per cent of GDP debt reduction over a decade.
These days nobody is talking about introducing overt capital controls or interest rate caps in the west. And central banks appear determined to curb inflation. But some influential investors fear eventually the temptation to let inflation jump above bond yields will reappear. “While the ancient Romans used to shave metal coins in an attempt to monetise debts, our evolving financial system has used more sophisticated techniques [to cut its debt],” says Bill Gross, head of Pimco investment fund. “Bond prices don’t necessarily have to go down for investors to get skunked.”
Central banks such as the Federal Reserve have already been buying bonds. And there are now some intriguing hints that private sector institutions are being urged to hold more bonds. In the UK, the introduction of financial reforms has forced banks to purchase more gilts. Similar steps are afoot in other parts of Europe and in Washington some policymakers are quietly mulling whether US banks and pension funds could – or should – follow suit, especially if foreign buyers (who own half the US debt)?stop?buying?US?bonds.
Such moves horrify some free-market economists, who argue “repression” crimps private sector investments, thus undermining growth. But postwar politicians clearly decided this was a price worth paying to cut debt and avoid outright default or draconian spending cuts. And the longer the gridlock over fiscal reform rumbles on, the greater the chance that “repression” comes to be seen as the least of all evils; at least compared with others that may emerge from spiralling western debt.
Samoa goes back to the future as it slips across dateline to boost economy
by Bonnie Malkin - Telegraph
For more than a century it has enjoyed the reputation as the last place on earth to see the sunset. But on Dec 29, Samoa will become a nation of time-travellers by erasing a day from the country's calendar and catapulting itself 24 hours into the future, making it one of the first countries in the world to see the sun rise.
In essence it is simply slipping from the eastern side of the international date line to the western side. The change will put the Pacific island nation on the same weekday as its neighbours to the west, including Australia and New Zealand, and it is aimed at making trade with the countries easier and boosting the economy.
The move comes 119 years after the island last shifted time zones, moving from west to east in 1892 in order to align with American traders in California. Now, with almost as many Samoans living in Australia and New Zealand as the 180,000 who remain on the islands, the prime minister, Tuilaepa Sailele Malielegaoi, has decided that it is time to switch back. In 1892, Samoans celebrated July 4 twice. This time they will lose a day, going from Dec 29 straight to Dec 31.
Acknowledging that the nation's new regional alliances were behind the move, Mr Tuilaepa announced that the country would adopt a time zone closer to that of its western Pacific neighbours. "In doing business with New Zealand and Australia we're losing out on two working days a week," Mr Tuilaepa said. "While it's Friday here, it's Saturday in New Zealand and when we're at church on Sunday, they're already conducting business in Sydney and Brisbane."
The change will shift Samoa from being 21 hours behind Sydney to just three hours ahead – the same as Tonga. But as well as placing a rather large kink in the Pacific's jagged international date line, the move has worried tourism operators who have long sold holidays to the islands on the grounds that they are the last place to see the sunset each day. The change will make neighbouring American Samoa, a US territory which is remaining on Samoa Standard Time, the last place to see the sunset.
Andrew Tiatia, a local tour guide, said a unique selling point would be lost with the date change. "The fact that Samoa is the last place on Earth to see the sun of every day, is a great marketing point, and one which I take great pride in telling our visitors. Once that's gone, we're just like the rest of the world," he said.
But the prime minister has his own plans for the tourism industry. Visitors to the Samoan islands will now be able to celebrate the same day twice, by hopping between Samoa and American Samoa, which are an hour's flight apart. "You can have two birthdays, two weddings and two wedding anniversaries on the same date on separate days without leaving the Samoan chain," he said.
Mr Tuilaepa is known for his ambitious schemes. In 2009, he enacted a law that switched cars to driving on the left side of the road, also bringing Samoa in line with Australia and New Zealand. He said at the time that the change made it easier for Samoans in Australia and New Zealand to send used cars home to their relatives.

And this is when they don’t use photoshop………..
The company is all about making women look real and natural. :) I think even in their catalog stuff, they use minimal airbrushing, because they don’t want the models to look unreal and plastic-y.
And they’re all 100% beautiful.
Their boobs are all gigantic though, lol.
They didn’t really use any fat girls either. I have an idea. ;]
Define “fat.” All of us at some point in our lives have felt or been called fat, and none of us are exactly the conventional size used by models. I think we had a couple of dress size sixes at the smallest (and read dress, not pants!), but we were also shorter. I think we had people ranging from 6-14 in the top 10. Furthermore, it’s not the company’s fault for having nobody bigger, as these were the top 10 girls who worked hardest for votes. I would have liked to see more diversity represented, sure- the more diversity in modeling, the more often women can identify with someone and think “I’m not different or weird, yes!”- but only a couple of hundred girls entered, and the company could only make what they could out of who entered. In the past UK competitions, they’ve had gorgeous, bigger girls who’ve made it to the top 10, so here’s to hoping American adopts that mindset that our beauty isn’t dictated by our size. :)
Whoever said “their boobs are gigantic” is a fucking moron. It’s a bra company for larger breast sizes, so no shit their boobs are larger. They all look lovely. I’m especially digging the periwinkle bra set on the black girl!
A big misconception about the contest is that you need big boobs for it, which is totally untrue. A 28DD is the same cup volume as a 30D, 32C, 34B, 36A, but with a smaller band size. More people are actually a higher cup size and smaller band size than they realize, but America is really behind on bra knowledge. It’s a big reason this campaign was so powerful. I only hope more people listen to its many, many positive messages.
A lot of that misconception comes from people still thinking for instance Pamela Anderson was a 38D…couldn’t be further from the truth. My friend was wearing a 38D until I forced her, literally, to get fit…she ended up being a 34F/G. Friends don’t let friends wear the wrong bra size.
Ha, or people thinking that Christina Hendricks is a 36DD. I mean, look at my boobs. They don’t look “big” at all, but my size is the cup volume of a 36D on a 28 inch underbust. I don’t really look busty at all unless I wear a poorly fitting small bra that pushes ‘em together Victoria’s Secret style, but all that does is push my breast tissue away and forces it to migrate. It also makes you sag more prematurely.
Properly fitting bras are important, yo. If you’re curious, get a measuring tape and measure, without clothes, your rib cage right underneath where your breast tissue ends. If the number is smaller than the number of your currently fitting band size, guess what? You’re wearing the wrong bra size and not getting enough support. You don’t have to have extremely large breasts or even medium sized breasts to need proper support.
while I get what the contest is trying to say it still sucks. and whats even sadder is these girls were chosen by normal people too… (the company didn’t choose them they were voted by the public)
it’s funny how this contest celebrates “real women” on how they look and yet it still makes me feel like shit. why? well for one thing there is no variety. ALL of these girls are busty. Not only that but typically majority of the girls chosen were white females.
these contests really are problematic. instead of a contest where lets be real.. the voters ain’t gonna pick a girl whose “outside of standardized beauty”. why not just make an ad campaign that REALLY shows women of all shapes, sizes, races?
White? First of all, you’re missing out on four other contestants, who were scheduled for the next day. Two of the girls were black, including the winner, and the girl in the dark pink is Mexican. Yeah, I’d love to see a little MORE diversity and different ethnic groups, body types, and ages represented - where are my Asian girls, yo?- but to say that it’s your typical standard contest where they pick the best-looking, skinniest white girl is an insult to the girl who won, who was a size 10 black girl, and very much supports the message of this contest.
Maybe this contest wasn’t perfect, but it’s miles in the right direction, and it deeply confuses me when people scream that the contest is still imposing the impossible beauty standards the rest of society does. Despite what you say, not a single one of us would be “skinny” or perfect enough to ever be chosen as a model. Not even a plus size model, for most of us.
Why does everyone analyze marketing, media, etc. so deeply? I just don’t get it. I don’t look at magazines and think “wow, I can’t believe there’s no average women on this page”… I think, “oh hey, look, tampons being advertised… -flip page-.” Am I the only one?
I agree with ^ above. Jesus christ, must EVERYTHING be complained about. Really? This is a step in the right direction so please stop nit picking things so much.
but to say that it’s your typical standard contest where they pick the best-looking, skinniest white girl is an insult to the girl who won, who was a size 10 black girl, and very much supports the message of this contest.
…K but no one said that. No one even insinuated that. Nice try though. What she said, and what is represented in this one picture you posted. Not, you didn’t post any others. It’s not like it’s a photoset. It’s just one photo. She/He said: “Not only that but typically majority of the girls chosen were white females. ” Which, by this picture, is that is shown. If it was more diverse, you should post those pictures too. Because, and sorry to be so harsh, what you have is a stunningly beautiful token woman of color and that’s all.
That being said: You all look gorgeous and this is a beautiful photo and you should all be very proud of yourselfs. Thank you for representing everyone else in this world!

In addition we have many producers that stocker out calves after they are weaned.
Plus, we have an active group of producers that raise various breeds of registered cattle.
We also have a viable club calf industry where producers are raising cattle specifically for the show ring.
Today, I will take a few moments to share information on a beneficial replacement heifer evaluation sponsored by UGA College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences and the Georgia Cattlemen’s Association.
The development of quality replacement heifers is the lifeblood of any productive cowherd.
If you flip through cattle based magazines, you will normally find several replacements heifer sales advertised each month.
The Georgia HERD Program takes place two times each year in two different parts of the state. The Tifton HERD program is where the September to November born heifers are housed.
Calhoun is home to the program where December through February heifers are evaluated.
If you are familiar with the UGA Bull Test Sales, the birthdates of the heifers is to work with the bull programs. In fact, as the bulls are headed to the sale at the livestock pavilion in Calhoun, the heifers are being received to the Floyd County farm to start their program.
HERD stands for Heifer Evaluation and Reproductive Development program. The deadline for producers to enter heifers for the next Calhoun evaluation is November 7th, 2012.
You can email me for an entry form or you can look up UGA Beef Program on your computer and get the information too.
Heifers may be either registered animals or commercial. Heifers must be homegrown which means you cannot enter purchased heifers in the program.
You also need to know the breed of the sire if not the exact sire of the heifers. As much data on the heifers in yours records that you can provide is better.
It is great to have exact birthdates on the females. It is suggested for producers to be feeding consignments approximately five to seven pounds of feed per day to be getting them in good shape for the evaluation.
What is the importance of the Calhoun HERD program? Last year we have approximately 170 heifers entered for the program.
The heifers were delivered to the farm in early December and then we ended with the annual sale in May.
During this time, heifers are managed to come off the program as top notch replacement females. Our sale in May averaged well over $1700 per confirmed bred heifer.
That is not a bad price for quality replacement heifers.
This sale works to help consigners advertise the heifers produced on their farm and also can help build farmers a heifer market.
This evaluation also provides scientific based data on the quality of replacements they are producing.
The bull evaluation is a gain test while the heifer program is designed to let the heifers gain between 1.5- 1.75 pounds per day.
While in the program heifers will be evaluated for pelvic area, frame score, reproductive tract score and disposition. Part of the program is to offer confirmed bred heifers for the sale.
In fact, heifers must be confirmed as bred to be sale eligible. In February 2013, heifers will be heat-synchronized and bred artificially to known calving ease bulls.
This year the two AI sires are the Angus bulls, HA Program 5652 and LCC New Standard.
After the AI process, heifers will be cleaned up with calving ease Angus bulls.
On Friday, October 26, Gordon County Extension will host the Calhoun HERD Orientation Meeting.
This is a day event where we will educate potential consigners on the entire HERD process and we will visit the farm in Floyd County to show you the facilities, discuss the feed program, do a heifer selection activity and also give folks a chance to see the bulls on test.
If you think you may want to enter heifers on this year’s program and may want to come to the class, call Gordon County Extension at 706-629-8685 or email email@example.com.
Also, I am available for farm visits to visually appraise your potential consignments.

4 Reasons It May be Time to Refinance (Video)
By: Rosemary Rugnetta | January 28th, 2013
There are many reasons that homeowners will choose to refinance an existing mortgage. Each one is a personal financial decision that will usually have a long or short term goal. The 4 most common reasons to refinance are:
-refinancing when rates are low to reduce the monthly payment
-refinancing to shorter term loans in order to pay off the mortgage quicker
-consolidating other higher interest debt
-to make home improvements, repairs or use for other personal reasons
Most cases of refinancing are simply rate and term refis where there is no cash taken out. When a homeowner is looking to use the equity in the home, such equity must be available and will be revealed through an appraisal. The video explains further the reasons that most homeowners choose to refinance to another loan, as well as, what to consider when choosing the options available.
FreeRateUpdate.com surveys more than two dozen wholesale and direct lenders’ rate sheets to determine the most accurate mortgage rates available to well qualified consumers at about a 1 point origination fee.
or Call for Rates

Posts with tag "Jessica Szohr"
- Posted May 10th 2011 at 08:31 AM by Kelly Fisher
There's been some casting shakeups on the Upper East Side. 'Gossip Girl' regulars Taylor Momsen and Jessica Szohr have been let go from the CW show. According to TV Guide, the actresses will not be returning as series regulars when the show returns for its fifth season in the fall. Momsen, who plays good girl-turned-bad Jenny Humphrey, hardly caught any screen time this season as is, ...
- Posted Jan 7th 2011 at 06:00 PM by Amber James
- Filed under:
- Celebrity Weight -
- Sex That's SFW -
- TV News -
- Celebrity Health and Beauty -
- Jessica Szohr
Wearing nothing more than lizard-scale body paint, 'Gossip Girl' actress Jessica Szohr strikes a sultry pose as the face of the new SoBe Lifewater campaign. She shed her inhibitions in the Costa Rican jungle, admitting she wasn't that shy about baring it all. "The photos were done so tastefully and beautifully. I felt really good," she tells PopEater. The only "scary and uncomfortable" thing ...
Popeater Hot Topics
- The Voice Reveals Its Top 8
- Dancing with the Stars Season 16 Finale Results Revealed
- Dancing with the Stars: Which Couple Deserved to Win?
- 'Dancing With the Stars' crowns a new champion
- No background check done on Michael Jackson's doctor, lawyer says
- Break Time: Tan Mom makes an unfortunate music video

My father hails from Jersey City, 1930s. It was a rough place, from what I can tell. He learned to swim in the Hudson River, jumping off the docks across from New York City. His parents were Irish immigrants, neither of whom had the opportunity to complete high school. But they took raising their boys seriously, and all four became "white collar professionals" with graduate degrees or better. This is to say, they worked hard. They pushed. And each of the four children put himself in a position to have some choice.
My father's choice was to surf. Soon as he was able, he ventured west, made certain professional and economic sacrifices, all so that, at day's end, he could immerse himself in the cold California Pacific to catch waves. Like the surfer-musicians at San Onofre*, he put oceanophilia at the center of our family life, and in so doing, adjoined our lives to a particular and burgeoning culture.
When I was a boy, before my sister was born, when the Santa Ana winds would blow, my mother would take me down to the beach for something special. I still remember standing on the shore; the hot, dry offshore wind whipping up the sand, stinging my skin and blowing in the my eyes.
When the water got deep enough she'd begin to swim, with me on her back, like I was riding a dolphin.
This article available online at:

• Candy for the Troops – November 2 to 9 -Bring your extra Halloween
Candy to the troop meetings on November 2 or 9th!
All candy will be sent to our troops overseas.
• Scouting for Food – November 2 to 21 – collect canned and non-perishable food from your friends, family, and neighbors and bring them to Scouts between November 2 and 21. All food will be given to the food bank at Holy Communion Church.
• Erik L’s Eagle Project – Nov 6 & 10 –
Day 1 will take place on Sunday, November 6 from 9 AM to 3 PM. Day 2 will take place on Tuesday, November 8 from 9 AM to 3 PM (most students have off for elections that day), again from 9 am to 3 pm. The rain dates will be 11/10, 11/11, or 11/12.
Erik will be building a fenced in area for the dogs to play in.
Please make sure to wear long pants, long sleeves, and work gloves (the troop will have pairs to lend out for those who need them) for both days, as there is poison ivy in the vicinity that we are working in!
This will be our last Eagle Project of 2011, I hope that everyone can help make it as sucessful as the first three this year! Please come out and donate any time that you can to this worthy project!
• Tree Farm Day – November 11 – Grand Teton Crew helps out at the tree farm in New Egypt to raise money for their trip.
• Batona Campground Trip – November 18 to 20 – the Cub Scouts come to visit as we build an obstacle course, have a short hike, play manhunt, and build a monkey bridge. Fun times for all at our traditional, long-running November campout! So long-running that I attended this trip as a Cub! (Scoutmaster Mike)
• Scouting for Food Distribution – November 21 – 5 PM to 9 PM at Holy
Communion Church – Come help put together Thanksgiving meal packages and distribute them to the less fortunate!
• Feed the Troops Rally – November 24 – 2389 Marlton Pike W, Cherry Hill, NJ 08002. We’ll meet at the church at 9:30 to carpool over for anyone interested. Bring flags to wave as we thank (and surprise) hundreds of young men and women, currently training at Fort Dix to be deployed overseas, who can’t be with their families on Thanksgiving.
Please wear “Class A” uniforms.

When is a record not always a record? When it's twinned with the word "debt". To have a hope of knowing what's happening with the economy, you need to learn the rules of a childish game, says Michael Blastland.
Here's a game that's all the rage with politicians and the media.
Take any number of pounds that's bigger than it was before: the price of a hotel room, the size of the health budget, whatever, but particularly at the moment, government borrowing.
Shout: "It's a record!"
Apportion blame or praise, as desired. The game is fatuous, but don't let that stop you. After all, it doesn't stop them.
Here are some examples. The numbers are all correct.
1. In 17 years of power up to 1997, the Conservatives made net debt repayments in four years, totalling nearly £17bn. Since coming to power in 1997, Labour made net repayments in three years, totalling about £41bn. (A record!)
Praise be to Labour prudence, the Conservatives were rubbish.
2. In 1993, during the last recession, the Conservative government borrowed about £51bn. This year, Labour is expected to borrow about £64bn. (A record!)
All hail Conservative prudence, Labour are rubbish.
3. After World War II, the national debt was about £24bn. In September this year, after repeated Labour and Conservative governments, public sector net debt had reached about £645bn. (A record!)
They are all rubbish.
Getting a taste for it? Try these top tips:
- Don't try to inform or enlighten - just generate as much heat as possible (with extra points at a time of public anxiety)
- Ignore inflation - this makes it impossible to say how any quantity of pounds genuinely compares with another some years apart, but does allow many absurd, baseless comparisons
- Assume that wealth doesn't matter, as if £10,000 owed by someone earning £5,000 a year is as serious a debt as it would be to Roman Abramovich
And it's game on!
Although, there are problems. One is that it treats the public like fools. Another is it soon becomes boring. Both are clear when we play the game with the national debt since the war, which would have allowed us to shout "record!" in the following years:
Records of this type come round almost like the calendar because economies grow, and there's almost always some inflation. We might as well report that the date, 2008, is a record number of recorded years. More than in any other year since records began 2008 years ago. Beating by one the record held only last year, of 2007. And that if the trend continues we will see another record number of years recorded in the year as early as next year.
Stating the obvious
In short, our media and politicians on both sides have been talking a good deal of rubbish.
What's the alternative?
We could look at debt and borrowing in context. This is admittedly less easy to shout about. If we do, cash records can be seen for what they are: often misleading.
"Labour triples spending on the NHS"
"Labour borrowing hits record"
Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little. To many, this will be obvious.
So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past, and by how much?
First, we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds (or what's called "money GDP"). This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are, and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide.
The first chart plays the game, and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 (the former "record"). If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it doesn't start at zero - we can make things look terrible.
Here are the same numbers with a little context. This time, they are also compared with the size of the economy.
Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds. But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds? Not even nearly.
If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008-sized economy after 15 years of inflation, it would be over £110bn, compared with this year's projected deficit of about £64bn.
So is borrowing already a record, as recent wild headlines have suggested? Evidently not, at least not in any meaningful sense, or certainly not yet, however many zeros there are on the end of the figure (and that is also true in the US).
In 1993 in the UK, borrowing reached 7% of GDP; today it is about half that. Does this mean Labour's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last? No. These are early days - and it will rise.
So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing, but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began. We can also say that we don't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad. If we take all this into account, and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit, we find no meaningful difference.
Adjusted for the economic cycle, Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6% of GDP. Labour borrowing now is about 2.7% of GDP. But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time.
That's borrowing from month to month. What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to (and measured differently) as public sector net debt?
Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997, relative to GDP (as did the Tories in 1979) but it soon started to rise again (as it did with the Tories). It's still lower than some other big, rich countries like France, Italy, or Japan, but higher than most countries in the OECD.
Here's another chart. It shows the UK's public sector net debt, as a proportion of GDP, of course.
(Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock? Because unlike ordinary government debt, Northern Rock is also worth something, an asset that we can probably cash in one day. If we include it, today's line would be at about the level of 1997).
So how do they compare overall? Arguably, Labour's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s. Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster.
But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions. Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true, but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s, by which measure today's debt is higher.
Context takes only a moment. A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP, whether for spending, taxation or borrowing. Of course, there's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money. But when it comes to how much money we're talking about, handle records with care.
Michael Blastland is the author, with Andrew Dilnot, of The Tiger That Isn't.
Below is a selection of your comments:
Good article. About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist. I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism, even if it does sell papers, how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted. As for politicians, their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject.
Michael Blastland is to be congratulated on providing a balanced and informative article - head and shoulders above the attempts of his colleagues! This is what journalism SHOULD be about. Why do we not get this kind of insight in other pieces? Particularly with climate change, where so much rubbish is presented as if it were true.
T Massingham, Gloucester - UK
I agree entirely with the need for context, but as soon as anyone starts qualifying the numbers most people either stop listening, accuse them of "fiddling" or just don't understand. Dumbed down populist news means anything more than a mono-syllabic sentence (with just one number in it) is too much for most people. Try explaining to people that 10% growth in house prices followed by a 10% loss is actually an overall 1% loss, and you might as well be trying to tell them the moon really is made of cheese.
Alan Marson, Aberdeen, Scotland
But isn't the Beeb just as guilty of hype as the politicians? How often is % used in news items to sex up the figures? Statistics are sprayed round by the media and politicians generally, usually generating more heat than light. Look at the present BBC coverage of the recession-plunging graphs, doom laden pronouncements, - those facing unemployment or wrecked pensions must feel like slitting their wrists! Less reputation burnishing, more truth please!
Gordon Thompson, Crich, Derbyshire U.K.
This article is the longest on the BBC News website today ... a record!
Jon D, huddersfield
2008 is not a record number of recorded years The Mayan calendar extends back over 5000 years (a record) - check your facts!
Oz, Cambridge, UK
Inspired Article. At last someone at the BBC reporting with an element of common sense! Bravo Michael!!
Nick Pollins, Brighton
What happens if you include PFI obligations, unfunded public sector pension liabilities and state pension liabilities. I suspect the result would be terrifying.
Very enlightening - and something that I have often suspected! Why isn't there any regulation on this when newspapers etc report these matters? Equally, why doesn't the accused stand up and ask for the beans to be re-counted? BBC, we expect you to lead the way!
I knew it! Anything can be made witty and entertaining with the judicious application of sarcasm. Thank you, I feel both well informed and vindicated.
Kat Murphy, Coventry
Another record where inflation is ignored appears to be box-office takings. Every year sees a new film smashing the previous record for box-office takings, but it's not a surprise as inflation isn't taken into account. So as the price of a cinema ticket rises, so the amount of sales required to beat the previous record falls. However, as Michael Blastland points out, people like reading about records being broken. Even if they would have been broken merely by the passing of time.
DS, Croydon, England

When all the stuff from the Rev. Jeremiah Wright started hitting the fan a couple of days ago, I decided I would only comment if the United Church of Christ stepped in. I don’t deal with partisan politics here, but the ecclesiastical angle is another story. Well, I didn’t have to wait long:
In the wake of misleading attacks on its mission and ministry, Chicago’s Trinity United Church of Christ is being lauded by United Church of Christ leaders across the nation for the integrity of its worship, the breadth of its community involvement and the depth of its commitment to social justice.
That may well be true of Trinity Church, but the church isn’t the issue, except to the extent that it agreed with and appreciated the bizarre, racist, conspiracy-mongering and trash-talking of its senior pastor.
“Trinity United Church of Christ is a great gift to our wider church family and to its own community in Chicago,” says UCC General Minister and President John H. Thomas. “At a time when it is being subjected to caricature and attack in the media, it is critical that all of us express our gratitude and support to this remarkable congregation, to Jeremiah A. Wright for his leadership over 36 years, and to Pastor Otis Moss III, as he assumes leadership at Trinity.
“Caricature”? I’m not sure that’s the right word for someone who thinks that the U.S. invented AIDS and sells drugs to destroy black people, thinks that New York and Washington got what they deserved on 9/11, who echoes Fred Phelps in calling on God to damn America, who honors Louis Farrakhan as a man who “truly epitomized greatness, etc. Having seen the video and read the transcripts, I think a lot of folks have Jeremiah Wright pegged just right.
“These attacks, many of them motivated by their own partisan agenda, cannot go unchallenged,” Thomas emphasizes. “It’s time for all of us to say ‘No’ to these attacks and to declare that we will not allow anyone to undermine or destroy the ministries of any of our congregations in order to serve their own narrow political or ideological ends.”
Thankfully, there is no ideological agenda at work, either in Wright’s anti-American, anti-white, conspiracy-mongering screeds or in Thomas’ defense of him. Just pure gospel honesty. Fortunately, the latter’s defense is based on personal experience, Thomas having worshiped at Trinity on several occasions:
“While the worship is always inspiring, the welcome extravagant, and the preaching biblically based and prophetically challenging, I have been especially moved by the way Trinity ministers to its young people, nurturing them to claim their Christian faith, to celebrate their African-American heritage, and to pursue higher education to prepare themselves for leadership in church and society,” Thomas says.
“Biblically based and prophetically challenging” preaching–yeah, that’s the ticket. Check out an example of it here. Or here. Please notice that at no point does Thomas deal with the substance of what Wright is on videotape saying. Wright’s conference minister, the Rev. Steve Gray, is also an enthusiastic supporter:
The Rev. Steve Gray, the UCC’s Indiana-Kentucky Conference Minister, describes Trinity UCC as a “jewel.”
“It’s everything a Christian community is supposed to be,” says Gray, who has been working with Trinity UCC for the past three years to develop a new UCC congregation in Gary, Ind. “Trinity has given well over $100,000 in support of its partnership with us, and in 15 months of regular meetings with Jeremiah Wright, we always found him to be a man of gracious hospitality, humor, generosity, who paid attention to detail but also a man who does not call attention to himself.”
Gray also said this with regard to the Trinity congregation, just to give you an idea of how lots of leaders in the UCC think:
“When you’re Euro-American, the people [at Trinity UCC] are so exceedingly gracious, warm and welcoming. They hug you and say, ‘Welcome to our church!’”
Isn’t that extra special? But given what we’ve been hearing about their senior pastor’s preaching, maybe it’s kind of surprising, after all.
UPDATE: I wonder if Rev. Gray would feel quite so welcome–as a Euro-American, I mean–if he wanted to take the new members class at Trinity. From the March 9 bulletin:
BLACK AND CHRISTIAN NEW MEMBER CLASS
Have you given your heart to Christ, walked the aisle and given your hand to the preacher? So that you may become a full-fledged member of Trinity United Church of Christ, you MUST complete your new member class!
I know Trinity has some non-black members, but I can’t imagine this is the best way to bring them in.
(Hat tip: anonymous commenter at UCC Truths.)

Job: Bagpiper at the Links at Spanish Bay, Pebble Beach, Calif.
During World War I, my grandfather was a member of the Black Watch, the Scottish regiment that fought in kilts. He had a record of pipes and drums that the Black Watch played, and I always loved that sound, so in high school I learned the pipes. I've been a bagpiper here for 20 years. They're called tunes, not songs, because they don't have lyrics. Sometimes I play Amazing Grace. Not many places in the world look like this at sunset. It's a sight and sound like no other.
THE GREAT COMMUNICATORS
Nick Faldo & Jim Nantz
Ages: 54 and 52
Jobs: Lead analyst and anchor for CBS Sports' golf coverage
NANTZ ON FALDO:
"Nick's job is to describe the situation the player faces, to morph into that player. He does it so well. You can't coach chemistry. You either have it or you don't. The first time we introduced Nick on the air, it came off with such ease. The chemistry has been there from the start. These jobs are a gift we've been given. I find the best broadcasters don't take that for granted. Nick understands that.
FALDO ON NANTZ:
Jim has stories and nuggets and stats, and he knows when to deliver them. That's a skill and a gift. Most important, we communicate well. I now answer his points before he asks, before he says, 'What do you think of this?' Every week in the tower, it's come and meet Jim's friends, standing-room only. Amazing! We do 16 events, and every one is in his hometown. I work with [Golf Channel's] Kelly Tilghman and Jim, but I won't tell you who uses more hair spray".

Online storage startup Mozy, headquartered in Utah, has been acquired by EMC Corporation, a public storage company with a nearly $40 billion market cap. EMC paid $76 million for the company, according to two sources close to the deal.
We first covered Mozy in January 2006 as part of an overview of the current generation of online storage solutions. The company has a dead simple way for users to back up their computer hard drives online. Download their software (Mozy supports both Windows and Mac machines) and the backups occur slowly over time. If there is ever a problem, you can restore your hard drive from Mozy’s servers.
Mozy, by contrast, raised just $1.9 million in capital. The round, closed in May 2005, was led by Wasatch Ventures, with participation from Tim Draper and Novell co-founder Drew Major.
That’s quite an exit for Mozy – $76 million on just $1.9 million raised. It’s almost identical to StumbleUpon, which was acquired by eBay earlier this year for $75 million after raising just $1.5 million in venture capital.
Rumors circulated a year ago that Mozy was close to being acquired by Google for significantly less than this. The company eventually passed on the deal, which must have been a tough call. They clearly made the right choice in waiting.
Look for an official announcement of the Mozy acquisition in the next few weeks. Congratulations to Josh Coates, Mozy’s CEO (who refuses to comment on the deal), and the rest of the Mozy team.

According to the Associated Press, “Social Security faces a $5.3 trillion shortfall over the next 75 years.” Yes, you read that correctly: FDR’s version of Otto von Bismarck’s socialist retirement program is projected to add $5.3 trillion to the U.S. national debt over the next 75 years — a 40 percent increase in the debt. (Add the projected $38 trillion unfunded liability of Medicare over the same period, and the debt will more than triple.)
Democratic challenger and Congressman Joe Sestak defeated Republican-turned-Democratic Senator Arlen Specter by a 53-47 margin in the Pennsylvania U.S. Senate primary, while Arkansas incumbent Arkansas Senator Blanche Lincoln will face a June 8 runoff after failing to win a majority in a three-way primary with Lieutenant Governor Bill Halter.
Eye surgeon and Tea Party favorite Rand Paul won a handy victory over the Republican Party establishment in the Kentucky Senate primary Tuesday, winning the GOP primary against Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson by about a 59-35 margin.
A Taliban suicide car bomber struck a NATO convoy in Kabul, Afghanistan’s capital, on May 18, killing six military personnel — five Americans and one Canadian — the AP reported, citing a statement from military and Afghan officials.
When Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal pays tribute to America's war veterans and those now fighting in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, he likes to recall his own service in Vietnam. The only trouble with that reminiscence — and the potential trouble it may cause Blumenthal as a Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate — is that he never served in Vietnam.

Marking its 6th edition this year, the Osaka Asian Film Festival 2011 will be held in March at ABC Hall which will serve as the main venue once again. This year, a Competition section for the latest Asian films will be newly inaugurated, providing the new Best Picture Award (Grand Prix) selected by the OAFF international jury, along with the existing Audience Award. The total number of films to be screened will be between 30 to 50 (including collaborative projects), and the number of invited guests is expected to be between 40 to 50, from Japan and abroad. We are very pleased to announce the overview which has been decided as below.
- OSAKA ASIAN FILM FESTIVAL 2011
- From Osaka to All of Asia !
- March 5 (Sat) - 13 (Sun) , 2011
- [main hall] ABC HALL (Fukushima) , OSAKA MUSEUM OF HISTORY (Tanimachi 4-chome)
[sub hall] CINE NOUVEAU (Kujo) , PLANET STUDYO PLUS ONE (Umeda Nakazaki-cho)
- Presented by
- OSAKA ASIAN FILM FESTIVAL EXECTIVE COMMITTEE
Osaka Asian Film Festival: COMPETITION section / SPECIAL SCREENINGS section / SPECIAL SELECTION
March 6 (Sun) - 13 (Sun) , 2011 8 days
[main hall] ABC HALL (Fukushima) , [sub hall] CINE NOUVEAU (Kujo)
OAFF 2011 consists of the Competition section and the Special Screenings section. We will screen Asian films including some recent films, as yet unreleased in Japan, and hold Q&A sessions and talk events with various guests to promote cultural exchange.
Awards will be given to selected films from the Competition section. In addition to the existing Audience Award, OAFF 2011 will appoint an international jury (3 members), and present the Best Picture Award (Grand Prix), the Most Promising Talent Award and other prizes.
OSAKA CINEMA FESTIVAL 2011
March 5 (Sat) - 6 (Sun) , 2011 2 days
OSAKA MUSEUM OF HISTORY (Tanimachi 4-chome)
Osaka Cinema Festival introduces excellent Japanese films, focusing on films deeply related to Osaka. The event also holds the award ceremony for the Best Picture and Individual from the Osaka Cinema Festival Best 10 which will be determined by moviegoers’ voting.
ASIAN MEETING OSAKA 2011
March 11 (Fri) - 17 (Thu) , 2011 7 days
[main hall] CINE NOUVEAU (Kujo) , PLANET STUDYO PLUS ONE (Umeda Nakazaki-cho)
Asian Meeting Osaka 2011 invites up-and-coming Asian directors and introduces young Kansai directors, aiming to cultivate young talented filmmakers as well as to build the network of Asian independent films. The meeting provides filmmakers opportunities to showcase their films and interact with other artists, and holds symposiums and screenings of films including invited films from Japan and abroad.
March 11 (Fri) , 2011
OSAKA CITY CENTRAL PUBLIC HALL (Nakanoshima)
OAFF 2011 will hold a Welcome Party for our guests, sponsors / supporters and the public. We hope all participants will enjoy this event.
March 11 (Fri) , 2011
CINE NOUVEAU (Kujo)
The Japanese film industry has been moving towards further globalization. OAFF 2010 will have a special symposium, inviting experts from the domestic and international film industries, including film directors and programmers.
In addition to other programs and events, OAFF will conduct Osaka Location Program in which we will invite guests from Asian film industries and guests involved in the selected films to contribute to promote Osaka as a future hub for film production of Asian films.
- Osaka Asian Film Festival Office
4-B-801, Tsuruno-cho, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0014, JAPAN

I too have voted in every election since I turned 18. Although I agree that there are too many young adults as UB described, I'd hesitate to generalize that they're all like that and that none should vote. I have earned my own money since I was 13, worked while in school and summers, paid my own way through college, and bought a house when I was 22 (probably the only sound financial decision I made back then ).
As for your smoking stats, Yardley....the majority of us of a certain age (born prior to 1965) were probably born to smoking, drinking mothers and some of us turned out pretty well. I wonder if low birth rate of babies born to smoking mothers, is as detrimental to their adult health as obesity?
The really sad thing is the stats taken of various age groups and demographics. Look up who can't name their own congressmen and senators; don't know who the vice president is but they could spout off every detail about Lindsay Lohan's arrest record, who won 2008 American Idol, Kanye West's latest hit single...and they vote.
As pointed out earlier, I think this tendency is more of a reflection of the education, or lack thereof, those young voters had.
My daughters are in that age range and don't make their voting decisions based on catchy slogans or whether a candidate is "cute" or not, was on MTV etc. Working, going to school and saving for their futures, they're out there acting more responsible in their lives than the majority of politicians they're given the choice of voting for.
But beyond that, singling our any demographic of voting results and then proposing the disenfranchisement of their voice in our republic threatens us all.
Who would you then take the vote away from because you don't like the way they pushed the button or filled in the dot?
So if women overwhelmingly vote a certain way, would you say there goes the 19th, because they primarily think with the emotional side of there brain ?
I'm sure the proposer of this 26th repeal wouldn't be happy with the way blacks voted, so no more 15th either.
"It's not that government is inherently stupid, although that's a debatable question."
Rand Paul CPAC speech 2011
I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it. Thomas Jefferson to Archibald Stuart, 1791
Proud partner of (HR) WR SR Brian's 44Magnum Monster
co-owned by HR Rianne's 2nd Chance Hurricane Rebel
Very true. Sadly, the public education available to most of most of those under 35 was fomented to babysit those whose parents neither knew how nor cared about raising a child. Standards of learning were dumbed down for the lowest common denominator, so the stupid and slow could feel good about themselves at the expense of the best and brightest. It's a tribute to good parenting and ability to learn despite the odds, that anyone under 30 believes that they, not the government is responsible for paying for them to own a car, cell phone, flat screen TV, nice home, and take care of their children. Far too many expect someone else to pay for these things.
you will all notice that we haven't heard from UB since he posted this......
he just likes to throw a big pot of sh!t on to boil, gives it a stir and leaves the house so he doesn't have to smell it.
that's his MO, thread after thread, always has been!-Paul
there's no good reason to fatten up a retriever.
You're correct Paul.
Do you think that he really believes that it is a good idea to restrict who can vote by age? If so, that is absolutely disgusting. I have lost a fair amount of what respect I did have for UB today.
All the statistic show that the youth vote never matters, because most don't vote. This BS was generated by a thought that the republicans lost because the youth voted.
I wish more would vote, because they probablly have a better handle on this fastly changing world, but it is not important to many of them.

I am awful at picking just one or two photos for a post. I couldn't decide which I liked best so there are a bunch today.
I used this tutorial over at Create and Delegate.
She has the best tutorials and they are so easy to follow and so so cute!
I let Reagan pick out her t-shirt that I would use and the bias tape.
The shirt isn't appropriate for a 4 year old I know but when I tried to talk her out of it she threw a fit so I figured I would just use it and I can cover the words up with fabric flowers or something before I let her wear it out in public. (can we say run on sentence?)
This blue and green look great together don't you think?
I'm starting to run out of things to say. :)
Oh ok good...last one!
I am making this my knock off for the week and won't be doing a linky party for a couple weeks or so.
I'll be linking up to some of the parties on my sidebar.

Scanned text contains errors.
ANTTOCHUS, a jurist, who was at the head of the commission appointed to compile the Theo dosian Code. He was praefectus praetorio and consul. In the 33rd Novell of Theodosius the Younger (a. d. 444), he is spoken of as a person deceased, illustris memoriae Antiochus. He is con founded by Jac. Godefroi, in the Prolegomena of his edition of the Theodosian Code (c. 1. § 5) with two other persons of the same name; Antiochus, mentioned by Marcellinus as living in the year 448, and Antiochus, the eunuch, who was praepo- situs sancti cubiculi. This error was pointed out by Ritter in the 6th volume of his edition of the Theodosian Code, p. 6. [J. T. G.]
ANTIOCHUS ('aj/t/oxos), a monk of the monastery of St, Saba, near Jerusalem, flourished at the time of the taking of Jerusalem by the Per sians. (a. D. 614.) He wrote, besides other works of little importance, one entitled Traj/Se/cr^s ttjs dyias ypcvprjs, an epitome of the Christian faith, as contained in scripture, in 130 chapters. This work was first published in Latin by Tilman, Paris. 1543, 8vo., reprinted in the Bibliotkeca Pairum, Paris, 1579 ; Colon. 1618 ; Lugd. 1677. The ori ginal Greek was first published by Fronto Ducaeus, in the Auctarii BibL Pair. Paris, 1624, reprinted in Morell's Bill. Pair. Paris, 1644. A considera ble fragment of it is printed in Fabricius1 BibL Graec. x. p. 501. [P. S.]
ANTIOCHUS PHILOMETOR (^iXo^tap) is supposed by some persons to have been a physi cian, or druggist, who must have lived in or before the second century after Christ; he is the in ventor of an antidote against poisonous reptiles, &c., of which the prescription is embodied in a short Greek elegiac poem. The poem is insert- ad by Galen in one of his works (De Antid. ii. 14, 17, vol. xiv. pp. 185, 201), but nothing is known of the history of the author. Others sup- Dose that a physician of this name is not the author iither of the poem or the antidote, but that they ire connected in some way with the Theriaca which Antiochus the Great, king of Syria, was in the labit of using, and the prescription for which he ledicated in verse to Aesculapius (Plin. //. N. xx. :ap. ult.) or Apollo. (Plin. Valer. De Re Med. iv. 58.) (See Cagnati Variae Observat. ii. 25, p. 174, d. Rom. 1587.) [W. A. G.]
ANTFOCHUS ('Avrioxos). 1. A physician, viio appears to have lived at Rome in the second entury after Christ. Galen gives a precise account De Sanit. Tuenda, v. 5, vol. vi. p. 332) of the :>od he used to eat and the way in which he .ved ; and tells us that, by paying attention to his iet, &c., he was able to dispense with the use of medicines, and when upwards of eighty years old sed to visit his patients on foot. Ae'tius (tetrab. , serm. iii. c. 114. p. 132) and Paulus Aegineta vii. 8, p. 290) quote a prescription which may erhaps belong to this physician, but he is pro-ably not the person mentioned by Galen under the ame " Antiochus Philometor."
2. The name of two physicians, saints and lartyrs, the first of whom was born of an eques-ian family in Mauritania. After devoting >me years to the study of sacred and profane
literature, he finally embraced the medical profession, not for the sake of gain, but merely that he might be useful to mankind. He spent some time in Asia Minor, where he exercised his profession gratuitously, and used to endeavour to convert his patients to Christianity. He then went to Sardinia during the persecution against the Christians under Hadrian, about a. d. 120, where he is said to have been cruelly tortured, and at last miraculously delivered by being taken up into heaven. His memory is celebrated by the Romish church on the 13th of December.
3. The other was born at Sebaste in Armenia, and was put to death during the persecution under Diocletian, A. d. 303—311. He is said to have been tortured, and thrown to the wild beasts, and, when these refused to touch him, at last beheaded ; it is added that milk, instead of blood, issued from his neck, upon which the executioner immediately professed himself to be a Christian, and accordingly suffered martyrdom with him. His memory is celebrated by the Greek and Ro mish churches on the 15th of July. (Martyrolo- gium Romanum; Bzovius, Nomenclator Sanctorum Professione Medicorum; Ada Sanctorum, Jul. 15, vol. iv. p. 25; dementis, Menologium Graecorum^ vol. iii. p. 168 ; Fabricius, Biblioth. Graeca, vol. xiii. p. 64, ed. vet.) [W. A. G.]
ANTIOCHUS ('aj/t/oxos), bishop of pto.le- ma'is in Palestine, was a Syrian by birth. At the beginning of the 5th century after Christ, he went to Constantinople, where his eloquent preaching attracted such attention, that he was called by some another Chrysostom. He afterwards took part warmly with the enemies of Chrysostom, and died not later than 408 A. d. Besides many ser mons, he left a large work "against Avarice," which is lost. (Gennad. 20 ; Theodoret. Dial. ii.; Phot. Cod. 288; Act. Concil. Eplies. iii. p. 118, Labbe; Catal. Codd. Vindobon. pt. i. p. 116, No. 58.) [P. S.]
ANTIOCHUS ('ai/tio'xos), an Athenian sculptor, whose name is inscribed on his statue of Athene in the Villa Ludovisi at Rome. (Winc-kelmann's Werke, iv. 375, vi. 252, ed. 1829.) [P.S.] ANTI'OCHUS ('Avrtoxos), the father of se-leucus Nicator, the king of Syria, and the grandfather of Antiochus Soter, was one of Philip's generals. (Justin, xv. 4.) A genealogical table of his descendants is given under seleucidae.
thus a contemporary of Thucydides and the Pelo-ponnesian war. (Joseph. c.Apion. i. 3.) Respecting his life nothing is known, but his historical works were held in very high esteem by the ancients on account of their accuracy. (Dionys. i. 73.) His two works were : 1. A history of Sicily, in nine books, from the reign of king Cocalus, i. e. from the earliest times down to the year b. c. 424 or 425. (Diod. xii. 71.) It is referred to by Pau-sanias (x. 11. § 3), Clemens of Alexandria (Pro-irept. p. 22), and Theodoret. (P. 115.)—2. A history of Italy, which is very frequently referred to by Strabo (v. p. 242, vi. pp. 252, 254, 255, 257, 262, 264, 265, 278), by Dionysius (II. «?., and i. 22, 35 ; comp. Steph. Byz. s. v. Bperrtos; Hesych, s. v. ^<avt\v ; Niebuhr, Hist, of Rome, i. p. 14, &c. The fragments of Antiochus are coa-

I grew up with so much old music....gotta appreciate!
Janis is someone I grew up listening too, along with the Beatles, Led Zepplin, Pink Floyd..ect....too many!
My mom always had music going on...in the house, the car....(8 track and all lol) I have no music talents, at all, but I love music....all of it and I appreciate it!!! No matter what era!
My buddy!!!! ;)
This song is so cool! If you don't like....Don't listen......

The battle over aging action heroes 0
Oh, great -- on top of all the other brutal crap attached to aging, now Slotek wants to load older celebrities onto an ice floe.
"So what's with all the old guys still pretending to kick ass in the movies?" he queries.
Let's start by reminding Mr. Slotek that everyone 'kicking ass' in the movies, young or old, is just pretending. Nobody's hurting anyone else for reals, Jim.
After that, we'd say most of the oldsters are doing fine, and it's unlikely that anyone who pays to see Sylvester Stallone in Bullet to the Head this weekend is going to ask for a refund.
Stallone's assassin character is written just right: he's older, he's flinty, he's seen it all. Now he's going to kill you. Etc.

Web Search powered by Yahoo! SEARCH
Learn more |
Video tour |
Need help? E-mail us
Aren't gun-haters pathetic? They not only know nothing about firearms, they can't even cook up any new insults, can they?
Since the late 1960's, Hoplophobes (those who fear guns) have falsely accused gun owners of wishing to feel powerful and overcome feelings of supposed inadequacy.
Please. Spare us.
Where'd these gun-haters get their degrees in neuropsychology? Bill's University of Mentle Stuff & Cappucino Drinking?
Were gun-haters to visit a gun range, they'd likely die of shock, wouldn't they? They'd not only observe shooters enjoying themselves in a safe manner, but they'd find gun owners to be an outgoing, polite, astute group of individuals from interesting backgrounds - our fellow Americans.
Falsely attributing inadequacy and power issues to citizens who own firearms is moldy Bargain Basement Freud - an old leftist lie.
Today's Fact Treat for Gun-Haters:
Sigmund Freud, M.D., the neurologist who pioneereed modern Psychiatry stated, "Fear and dislike of firearms is evidence of stunted emotional and psychological development."
Agree. They can call gun parts anything they want. I don't care either, as nothing gun-haters say is true.
I first heard gun-haters belching up anti-gun lies more than forty years ago. Thirty years ago I started exploring their claims and found every one of them to be false.
The ones who scream loudest against guns invariably know absolutely nothing about them.
Paul Vincent Zecchino Manasota Key, Florida 18 September, 2011
Want to participate in the conversation? Become a subscriber today. Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories.
Feels Like: 78°
Feels Like: 93°
Feels Like: 79°
See Interactive about the Afghanistan war showing the stages of transition of power
View an interactive that shows significant cases and decisions for 2012-2013
Submit video of yourself singing national anthem for chance to win prize.
Winners announced for 2013 Southwest Florida Readers' Choice Awards.
Check out our galleries of editorial cartoons about current events or personalities.
Submit summer camp information and search for summer camps in your area.
Test your “Fry Q” by pairing fries with correct local fast-food restaurant.
Enter contest for chance to win Youth Football Camp experience.
No matter the predictions, it only takes one storm. Get ready with the guide today.
Pictures, info about recently sold single-family homes in Collier and Lee.
Photos of Southwest Florida residents hanging out at local hot spots around town.
Download our apps and enable push alerts on your phone.

FanGuide LA Modern Architecture is a new travel iPhone app developed by Prairie Design Group. If you have enjoyed any of Prairie Design Group’s other FanGuide apps in the past then your sure to like the Los Angeles Modern Architecture version as well. In it you can experience world-renowned architecture in Los Angeles on the road or from the comfort of home!
Seriously, if you have any interest in American Architecture then this app is made for you. Even the average Joe would enjoy at least scrolling through the app to see pictures of great American Architecture and hear a narrative explaining details you would only learn while takeing a class on the subject. Of course if you’re actually visiting Los Angeles and have an hour to burn then this would be a great activity alone or with the whole family.
Here are some of key features you’ll get with FanGuide LA Modern Architecture:
A tour app like FanGuide LA Modern Architecture is a great way to utilize all of the wonderful features of your iPhone while traveling. In you get to use the iPhone’s display to view stunning pictures and video, the speakers to listen to a informative audio narrative and the built in GPS to assist with the tours navigation. I’d suggest downloading FanGuide Los Angeles Modern Architecture today and trying it out. Who knows you might just learn something, and have fun doing it!
You must be logged in to post a comment.

As in its a heart with a hole in the middle. Took a bit of ingenious play to get the background right.
The wallpaper version is available at the preceding link.
Today's Gratitude Item: That library books are free. This is something that is easy to take for granted, but having an endless supply of reading material is really great.

Aloha Earth! (france-)
Free-to-use multimedia exhibits by location from all over the Earth.
Use the Zoom Control to zoom in/out; click on the arrows to scroll.
Image Centred On:
You may also wish to visit the DHD Multimedia Gallery Places-and-Sights collection.
france = .fr, Frankreich, Francia, França = Founder member of the EU (European Union). Permanent member of the UN (United Nations) Security Council. Adjective "French".
Site copyright (c) Damon Hart-Davis 1996-2013; exhibit content copyright of specified creator; see terms and conditions for use. Site sponsored by ExNet. Powered by Javatm, tuned with JProfilertm.

Center for Counseling and Student Development
Overview of the Center
The Center for Counseling and Student Development (CCSD) supports student development and success by providing counseling, medication management, psycho-educational programming, and consultations to the campus community to help students cope effectively with personal, emotional and situational barriers to learning.
The CCSD will provide the highest quality of psychological and psychiatric support services to the Siena College student population, including consulting services and psycho-educational outreach programs that encompass prevention efforts as well as positive psychology and positive quality of life concepts.
Why might a Student meet with a Counselor
College life brings many opportunities as well as challenges that are often stressful. Students experience those challenges in a number of different areas--some students have difficulties adjusting to the changes in academic demands from high school to college, others experience confusion in deciding on a major or career path, and still others struggle with issues in their families and relationships. Most students feel anxious, depressed, or confused at some point during their college experience. Support often comes from friends, family members or significant others, but in many cases a trained professional can be the most effective source of support.
In fact most of us, at some time in our lives, feel overwhelmed and could benefit from talking with someone objective who won’t judge us, and who will help us to see new alternatives. Thus, the primary goal of the Center for Counseling and Student Development is to provide students with psychological support and guidance toward finding more effective coping strategies. Counseling can be a key experience in the attainment of the skills essential to academic and personal success.
The Center is available to all registered students. There are no fees for our services as the cost is already built into your yearly fees. Faculty and staff may request a consultation.

Let me give you a picture of my September… You know what it’s like when you come back from holiday and you’d managed to do the bare minimum in order to get away and ensure you didn’t come back to chaos? Then you come back to a zillion emails and actions and projects and meetings anyway?
The first couple of weeks back at work after a holiday are hectic for all of us. This year, for me, it’s been more so than usual, as Freddie has started at school with a month long settling in period. This meant one month of varying length days, with the majority allowing me a mere 2 working hours after drop off and before pick up at 12pm. And
I count myself lucky as I have the flexibility of being self-employed!
I managed with varying degrees of success and failure: Juggling, getting things done “just in time”, forever apologising, sometimes feeling like superwoman, other times, so exhausted my ears popped.
Here are five of my coping mechanisms as a working mum trying to cope with not having enough time. They’re not miraculous, but they do help!
1. Make use of “mini pockets” of time: As a working mother, you’re never going to get that longed for, uninterrupted stretch of time when you can get everything done. Make it a habit to seek out “dead time” when you might be waiting around. Use 5/10 minute chunks of time to catch up on phone calls with friends for example.
2. Multi tasking has its place as a working mum, let’s face it! Embrace your natural ability to multi-task as a woman. For me, this means that the washing machine gets loaded whilst my morning cuppa is brewing, for example. The washing machine gets emptied 8 hours later whilst dinner is simmering on the stove top!
3. Lower your impossibly high standards: The tendency towards perfectionism is a HUGE energy drainer for so many working mums. Learn to let go of some of the “stuff” and recite a non-perfectionist mantra: “It’s good enough/It’ll do/It will suffice” Remember that there will ALWAYS be something to do – that’s just life. Shrug those shoulders, girls!
4. Use a task reminder system: My mind is constantly remembering things I need to do, such as return a phone call, sort out an insurance claim, and pay for swimming lessons. I’ve just started using an app on my iPhone called “Due”. This is working quite well for me at present as it’s quick, simple and time-based, so it enables me to reminders for things as they pop into my head. There are many different reminder systems for smart phones, but if you don’t have time to research them, try my recommendation and give “Due” a go!
5. No matter how little time you have, prioritise time for self-care; whether it’s meditation, reading a book in peace, running, going for a walk or whatever helps you to stay sane and happy as a working mum. If you don’t schedule “me time” in your diary, it just won’t happen because there’s always something else that is more urgent. Whilst we know that it’s important, self-care rarely fits into the “urgent” category of time management…. until one’s health suffers. Keep half an eye on your future and ask yourself, “If I continue NOT taking this time for my own well-being, then what?”
And as a post note, don’t forget to keep smiling and keep your sense of perspective!
Do share your tips below and don’t forget to visit Coaching Mums to view our latest FREE resources for helping you achieve more balance in your life. If you’d like a little inspiration and support delivered free to your inbox, click here to sign up for my free ezine; Inspire.

Posted 2012-02-07 16:42:55 via web
Hi Agrowculture! Will we see you at Grow our Grassroots? C4B wants to keep the conversation going!
Posted 2011-09-09 18:43:58 via web
We are planting daffodils in Kensington too! Let's join forces!
Posted 2011-08-24 13:58:25 via web
Posted 2011-08-16 20:47:31 via web
Hello Sustainable Kensington Windsor Terrace! Compost for Brooklyn (located on Newkirk Avenue and East 8th) would love to help with this! Let us know what we can do
Posted 2011-08-16 14:11:34 via web
Awesome! Let me know how I can help.
Posted 2011-08-02 22:08:41 via web
We're looking forward to composting with you!
Posted 2011-07-26 22:56:14 via web
Awesome project! Compost for Brooklyn wants to help!
Posted 2011-07-22 18:47:31 via web
the native plant garden looks beautiful!
Posted 2011-07-22 16:30:09 via web
Compost for Brooklyn would love to help! We currently accept food waste at our garden on newkirk avenue and east 8th street.
Posted 2011-07-17 14:51:06 via web
Hi Colleen! I'm looking forward to hearing all about this awesome project tonight at Compost for Brooklyn!!!
Posted 2011-07-17 03:19:37 via web
And Compost for Brooklyn loves Compass Green! What a great project. Thanks for visiting us with your truck!
Posted 2011-07-08 21:16:42 via web
i want to help!
Posted 2011-07-06 16:22:18 via web
Plant a pollinator garden along Newkirk Avenue in Brooklyn. Not only will this make our neighbors smile, it will also support bees and butterflies

The Convenient Way to Rediscover your Vinyl Record Collection!
Preserve your precious vinyl album collection by converting them to digital audio files. The Ion Audio PROFILELP is an advanced turntable that transforms your vinyl records into MP3s and doubles as a home-stereo record player. ION's exclusive EZ Vinyl / Tape Converter software guides you through the easy-to-follow steps as you transform your LP records to portable, flexible MP3s.
The PROFILELP converts your records to MP3s via USB connection to your Mac or PC. The easy-to-use included EZ Vinyl / Tape Converter software guides you through the transfer steps. A built-in preamp allows you to play records on your home stereo or home theater system. The hinged dust cover protects the PROFILELP's needle and keeps the anti-slip mat and your records clean. Fully plug-and-play, the USB computer connection does not require any driver installation. A USB Cable, quick-start guide, 45 record adapter and software CD are included.

Apps for speech therapy
1 comment(s) so far...
February 27, 2012 By: Vicki Windman
There are many speech apps in the app community but do they do the job? Have you been struggling to find expressive/receptive apps, a category app that includes sorting and category naming, or an interactive articulation app? Following are three that track data, meet IEP goals and engage the student. The apps are from Smarty Ears, a company that provides user-friendly apps that track data and help both therapist and student meet their goals.
Categories Learning Center $9.99 Categories Learning Center is a multi-level, multi-player app that helps language comprehension for individuals of any age. It is believed that understanding categories may prove useful for individuals of all ages with word finding, memory, and reading comprehension difficulties. Categories Learning Center works on sorting level 1 and level 2: where does it go? Within the settings, you can choose from two or three categories. In addition, sorting is a beginning math skill: This skill helps children to organize their world and differentiate properties of objects. It is also a building block to numerical concepts, which later require children to group “sets” of objects. The more complicated the sorting is, the higher-level understanding is involved. (Brighthorizons)
Fun and Functional $9.99 This app helps with receptive and expressive language needs. The app is best used one to one, as student needs to use their expressive abilities when identifying a picture. The therapist can choose the category the student needs to work on in the settings. In addition you can choose just expressive, alternating receptive-expressive and how many items per screen. Categories include electronics, clothing, occupation, grooming, kitchen and more. Receptive skills are tracked by the app. The therapist needs to check the expressive language from three choices: missed it, almost or got it! The results show the therapist the date, categories worked on, level of play, items per screen, receptive and expressive accuracy and the total number of questions. This app allows users to improve vocabulary, describing ability and associations between words (Bromley, 2007).
Articulation Pro $89.99 If you're looking for a complete articulation app, here it is. It includes 22 letter sounds, which target initial, medial and ending sounds. Each sound comes with a mini tutorial for lay people to understand how to best use the sound. Each sound comes with words, sentences, and stories to help students with the letter sound. Sentences can be rotating sentences, which land on a surprise word, keeping the student's attention. The therapist works with the student checking off correct and incorrect answers. Students can also be recorded so they can hear how they sound. Upon completion of a sound the therapist receives the student's score. The app is beautifully executed and easy to use. Most important the app can grow with the student, making this a worthwhile investment.
Vicki Windman is a special education teacher at Clarkstown High School South.

Index of /downloads/1.40
This is the version 1.40 release of Zap.
We recommend that you download v1.45 instead, unless the smaller footprint
of this version is important.
zap-140.zip - main Zap archive
zap-140-?.zip - main Zap archive (patch releases)
zap.zip - link to the most recent 1.40 release
zfonts.zip - full ZapFonts archive
zmods1.zip - primary extensions archive:
Buttons panes, BASIC & taskwindow, HTML, email/news,
spell checker (needs ImpressionSpell), C/C++/asm, Perl,
Obey files, Desc files (FrontEnd), StrongHelp, Messages,
makefiles, TeX, macros and utilities,
Zap config file editing
zmods2.zip - yet more extensions:
ADA, asm, CSV, Inform, man pages, Postscript, Scheme, SQL
zapres.zip - alternative resources for some modules in zmods1.zip
and some German translations
zapconfig.zip - configuration tool for Zap
src - source for Zap core and most extensions
Other archives are updates to extensions within the main distributions.
In particular, a core.zip archive will contain updates and bugfixes to the
main Zap distribution - check the datestamp to see if you need it - and
zmods?_update.zip will be updates to the current zmods?.zip archives.
Files whose names end in ",ffa" are modules; they are updates for modules
of the same name (less that ending) within Zap. If you download any of
these, you'll need to set the filetype then - with the Filer 'Newer' option
ticked - move them into their proper places within Zap.

October 17, 2011
An eco-friendly Halloween
Halloween is a much-awaited highlight for kids everywhere: a chance to dress up, spook the neighbours and get tons of tasty loot! But Halloween has a pretty big carbon footprint, and that’s a bit like egging your mother’s house: not nice.
Here are five tips to make your Halloween celebrations a little greener:
- The single most important thing you can do: leave the car home, and have trick-or-treaters walk (escorted if necessary) around the neighbourhood
- Use stuff you already have, plus a bit of imagination, to create your costume. It saves money and results in less trash. Everybody should have a ‘tickle trunk’ like Mr. Dressup had!
- Don’t distribute junk food or cheap low-quality treats from questionable distant origins. Strive to give away treats that are healthy and nutritious, as well as good tasting. (A challenge, I know – I clearly remember not being impressed with apples in my treat bag when I was a kid!)
- If you want to be a real eco-hero, look for fair trade chocolate. Cadbury’s Dairy Milk Minis qualify, and you can find other brands here.
- Be sure to compost your pumpkin when it starts to melt away!
October 4, 2011
Buy your milk in bags
Milk is a staple of virtually every household, but what type of milk packaging is the most eco-friendly? All three types of milk packaging – jugs, cartons and bags – are recyclable. But unfortunately not all are accepted by all recycling programs.
As well, recycling isn’t a perfect solution: collecting and transporting recyclables costs time, money and fuel – especially when the end destination of those recyclables is half a world away. Where I live, jugs and cartons are recycled, but in China. Yep – sorted, baled, stuffed into a container and shipped thousands of kilometres.
So what’s a consumer’s greenest option for milk packaging?
1. Check with your local solid waste authority to see what’s accepted for recycling, and then choose accordingly. In spite of its shortcomings, recycling is still better than trashing.
2. Choose the biggest size available; one big jug or carton uses less material than two or more small ones.
3. If all three types of packaging are recycled where you live, choose plastic bags:
- they are lighter (less material and less weight to transport)
- both the outer and inner bags are the same soft plastic as grocery bags so they can be mixed in with them (but inner bags must be well rinsed of residual milk)
- they may be recycled locally (as they are here in NB) as opposed to being shipped to China; and
- soft plastics (#4 LDPE) are one of those rare materials that can be perfectly recycled: that is, reprocessed back into the very same types of products over and over again.

As a customer, you see ads from the ancient florist wire services like FTD and Teleflora. Readers write in and complain to us about those specific brands, since that’s the website they visit and the brand name that’s familiar. When you order up some flowers, though, that’s not who brings them to your door. It’s locally-owned florists, small business owners, who actually arrange and deliver your gifts. They might receive orders from the wire services, but often earn no profit or even take a loss on putting it together. [More]
Rachel is sick of surveys and writes in to ask if we think they serve any purpose. [More]
If you want to get ahead in the business world, you’ll need skill, luck and connections. And the latter is arguably the most important of your assets. The amount of career success you find will probably be a function of your ability to make helpful connections and use them to your advantage. [More]
Did Yuengling suddenly get bigger than Miller or Bud? Nope. Both are now foreign-owned. According to AdAge, Yuengling has recently surpassed Sam Adams’ Boston Beer Company as the largest U.S.-owned brewer that manufactures all its beer in the U.S. [More]
Most anyone who toils away at an unsatisfying job dreams of chucking it all and venturing off to business on their own. The move just might be the path to success and happiness, but before you embark on a daring venture you need to take a reality check and identify your talents, motivations and expectations. [More]
According to Tom, there are three basic types of American business. If that’s too many to remember, you can also organize them under them under the umbrella concept known as “screwed up.”
The Three Classes of American Business [4-Block World]
Just about everyone’s been smacked with an overdraft fee before, but Michael writes us about his partner who is drowning in a flood of such exploitative charges.
Did you know that private jets are actually quite practical? We didn’t. The Wall Street Journal says that private jet manufacturers are angry at the backlash against private jets and are speaking out to “counter business aircraft misinformation.”
As is our habit, we provided Ad Age with a list of our Top 10 Business Debacles of the Year. Are you ready for the pain?
Business is about doing shit for one supposedly inscrutable reason: to make money. Even if what you’re doing loses money, as long as you said you did it to make money, you’re cool.
Okay, we got the bathroom humor of Kellog’s All-Bran commercial last year. We’re not sure if this commercial for Extended Stay Hotels, which shows guests so relaxed that they pass gas—or what the French call un petit éclatement—is quite as effective. Maybe they should change the tagline at the end to, “Our windows can be opened.”
United Airlines’ pilots have had enough of Glenn Tilton, the CEO of United, and have started a website that calls for his resignation. In addition to listing Mr. Tilton’s various faults, the website asks you, the consumer, to help them by submitting your United Airlines horror stories. (CC: The Consumerist, naturally…)
Say you want to staff your call center with friendly, high energy, intelligent people who want to help customers and who enjoy their job. How do you find them? Well, apparently you hire people, train them, then offer them $1,000 to quit.
For the retail managers lurking here: an analysis of data from a “US specialty retailer” shows that not reducing staff during lean times leads to an increase in profit margins. [The Times South Africa]
Macy’s Inc. plans to eliminate the former Marshall Field’s headquarters in Minneapolis and cut more than 2,000 jobs as part of a move to consolidate regional offices and boost sales and cut costs.
TigerDirect has gone through with its plan to purchase CompUSA, including its website, inventory, and “16 of the best CompUSA retail stores,” according to an email sent by CEO Gilbert Fiorentino to TigerDirect employees. The tipster writes, “This also includes Tiger absorbing a fair amount of their stock, though most of what’s in the stores IS going to get cleared out.”
Well now you’ve done it, shoppers of America: your refusal to spend enough money at Macy’s is forcing the department store chain to shutter nine “underperforming stores in Indiana, Ohio, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Utah and Texas,” reports Reuters. Seriously, what does it take to get you to buy stuff from them? They gave out coupons!
Today, in an attempt to anger fans of both regulation and deregulation, the FCC approved two new rules. The first one restricts cable companies to owning no more than 30% of a market; the second one “gives owners of newspapers more leeway to buy radio and television stations in the largest cities.” One nice thing about the first rule is that Comcast can’t buy any more cable companies. One bad thing about the second one is that it will likely mean that Rupert Murdoch will win “permanent waivers to control two television stations in New York, as well as The New York Post and The Wall Street Journal.”

Observers who'd gathered for a Guy Fawkes Night fireworks presentation in Oban, Scotland, were treated to the most spectacular, if brief, fireworks display of their lives: 6,000 fireworks — enough for a 20-minute show — had detonated in under one minute, the result of an electronic timing fault.
Councillor Roddy McCuish, who helped organise the event, said hundreds of spectators had been wowed by what they thought was just the start of the display at the town's Mossfield Park.
As the event came to an abrupt halt the crowd thought Councillor McCuish was joking when he apologised after professional firework display company Pyro 1 said there had been a fault. [...]
Local councillor Louise Glen-Lee said: "It was the best fireworks display I have ever seen, despite its brevity. No-one complained."
Indeed, as captured in the video above, the show was as spectacular as it was ephemeral — a breathtaking display of pyrotechnic chemistry that was gone in a puff of smoke almost as quickly as it began. Yes, this was the Kim Kardashian's marriage of fireworks displays. [scotsman.com, YouTube/Telegraph]

Apr 9, 2010
06:13 PMThe Wind Machine
Visitors from Room 1203 LHOB
LHOB in the political world of Washington, D.C. signifies Longworth House Office Building, one of three principal office building serving the House of Representatives. It is located on Independence Avenue, within easy walking to the House wing of the United States Capitol.
Room 1203 LHOB is the office of Representative Doc Hastings, who has represented the 4th District of Washington since 1994.
Late this week the Northwest Horticultural Council hosted separate visits by two who work out of Room 1203 LHOB. Yesterday, Mr. Hastings stopped by our office to discuss a trucking issue with Mexico that has adversely impacted our industry’s pear sales, and met with nearby pear industry leaders Rob Stewart, Rod Matson, and Don Gibson. Also, at the one-half hour meeting were the NHC’s Mark Powers, Jon DeVaney of the Yakima Valley Growers-Shippers Association (and formerly of Mr. Hastings’ staff), Barb Lisk, the congressman’s district director, and myself. Mr. Hastings admitted his frustration in his so-far unsuccessful attempt to get the administration to resolve the trucking issue with Mexico that has resulted, among other adverse trade impacts, in a 20% tariff on both pears and cherries. This is squarely in the hands of a White House that, to date, has been taking its counsel on this matter from the protectionist International Brotherhood of Teamsters (1.4 million members) and its president, James P. Hoffa.
Today, Kate Woods came by for discussions (e.g., immigration, food safety, agricultural chemicals) with NHC staff at the W. L. Hansen Building and a tour of the Yakima Valley. Ms. Woods is a senior legislative assistant on Mr. Hastings’ staff and was able to be in the state due to the Congressional Easter recess. Originally from the Goldendale area, she specializes in agricultural issues and took this opportunity to gain more knowledge about the workings of our tree fruit industry. A highlight of the afternoon was a short journey to Price Cold Storage and Packing Company, where NHC trustee Bob Price gave Ms. Woods a tour of his company’s packing line, which was then running apples.
Northwest Horticultural Council

VALPARAISO | It took only 20 minutes Monday night to realize that the Valparaiso University women’s basketball team is playing a different style from last season.
The Crusaders used a breakneck pace to score 44 first-half points on their way to a 98-49 blowout over Holy Cross in Valparaiso’s only exhibition contest of the year.
The 44 first-half points were more than the Crusaders scored in eight regular season games last year.
“Ideally we’d like to get out and run, but we have to be smart with it,” Valparaiso coach Tracey Dorow said. “We’re going to try and push the ball and attack the basket early. You should see that all year long.”
Ieva Jansone led four players in double figures with 22 points, while Shaquira Scott returned from a knee injury that cost her the majority of her freshman year to add 13 points and eight rebounds.
“It’s just the best feeling to get out and go,” Scott said. “It felt great to be able to get back out there with my teammates.”
Valparaiso played relatively slow out of the gate before going on a 17-2 scoring run that blew open the game. Once the Crusaders got the lead, they began an offensive attack that only slowed down for timeouts and free throw attempts.
Jansone connected on her first three shots and played with a newfound confidence after a slow start to last season. The Latvian native had to sit out the first 11 games of her first year at Valparaiso and never got into a rhythm with the rest of her teammates. Jansone averaged just 1.7 points in 19 games last season.
“Coach did a good job of working us in the preseason,” Jansone said. “We ran a lot, and now everyone is healthy. It’s good to have everyone back out there.”
Monday was a homecoming of sorts for three members of the Holy Cross program. Sophomore Maggie Gondeck (Michigan City) started and had four points and eight rebounds in 20 minutes, while Shelbi Westerhouse (Morgan Township) missed the only shot she attempted in six minutes of action. Holy Cross coach Aimee (Litka) Niespodziany returned to the Athletics-Recreation Center after for playing the Crusaders from 2005-09. Niespodziany was a senior when Valparaiso knocked off Purdue at the ARC in 2008.
“Valpo is a place that is near and dear to my heart,” Niespodziany said. “I hope they have a great season. Tonight brought back a lot of good memories.”
The Crusaders scored 46 points in the paint as Tabitha Gerardot had 19 points and eight rebounds, while Charae Richardson had 10 points. Lexi Miller came off the bench to score six points and add six assists.

The teenage years with SuperPizzaBoy are very interesting. Sometimes it requires a lot more wisdom than I've got.
Fathers, do not exasperate your children; instead, bring them up in the training and instruction of the Lord. (Ephesians 6:4)
Listen to your father, who gave you life,
and do not despise your mother when she is old.

London, Feb. 7 (ANI): The pressure on President Barack Obama's nominee for CIA director and the architect of the White House strategy on drones, John Brennan has intensified after revelations of a secret CIA drone base in Saudi Arabia.
The Obama administration and Saudi Arabia were silent over reports on Wednesday that the CIA is secretly using an air base in Saudi Arabia to conduct its controversial drone assassination campaign in neighbouring Yemen.
According to the Guardian, the reports revealed that the drones that killed the US-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki and his son in September 2011, and Said al-Shehri, a senior al-Qaida commander who died from his injuries last month, were launched from the unnamed base.
A senior administration official told an international news agency that Obama has directed the justice department to provide congressional intelligence committees access to classified information providing the legal rationale for drone strikes against al-Qaida-linked American citizens, the report said.
Several lawmakers have pressed the White House for more information on how decisions are made to target US citizens abroad, it added.
The unclassified memo said that it is legal for the government to kill US citizens abroad if it believes they are senior al-Qaida leaders continually engaged in operations aimed at killing Americans.
The revelation about the Saudi air base is an embarrassment to the White House, which pressured the Washington Post and some other news organisations to suppress the information for 12 months on national security grounds, the report said.
The timing is also unfortunate for Obama because the killings of Awlaki and his son have contributed to demands in Congress for greater transparency by the White House over the legal basis for drone attacks on US citizens.
Senators are expected to question Brennan at his confirmation hearing on Thursday about the drones policy, and have pressed the White House to release the detailed legal opinion justifying the targeting of Americans.
According to the report, some Senators have also raised questions about civilian casualties and whether the drone attacks are a recruiting tool for the US's enemies.
The confirmation hearing is also expected to throw some light on the future use of drones, which Obama has rapidly expanded in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen and Somalia.
The revelation of the CIA drone base in Saudi Arabia was seized on by Iran, where state media highlighted the story, it added. (ANI)

one we ordered for her birthday, last June - the attachment for her Marcato Atlas Pasta Maker never made it to Canada. After seven months, she cancelled the order and went out and bought the one you see here.
Joanna in her "Zen" moment
While it's true that we didn't spend the entire three hours making ravioli - it just felt like it. And, everyone loved the Mushroom Ravioli in Sherry Cream Sauce. My back is broken from hunching over the pasta press, gently adding the filling (by the half teaspoon) to 8 dozen ravioli. In fact, I felt like those caricature hunched-back witches from Hansel & Gretel and other fairy tales.
In my personal world...I'd lay the long pasta sheets flat on a floured surface, spoon some filling in dollops down the center of one long side, brush a little water around each mound, fold over the dough, press and cut with a knife! Done! That said, look how pretty this dish looks... (no time to sprinkle some fresh thyme leaves on top...everyone was starving)
Crispy Eggplant with Hot Caper Vinaigrette
(I think this was my favorite)
Pain d'Epi. Jo wanted a lesson and who am I to refuse. Not bad for a first attempt, don't you think?
Stuffed Artichokes also delicious
And a pretty neat dish to share with Presto Pasta Night, if I do say so myself.

I know that most of you are probably so sick of seeing this outfit, as it has been quite overplayed in the fashion world. But, this has realistically been one of my go to casual outfits this summer so I thought I would share it with you. I guess in some way I feel a connection with the prairie inspired essence of the jean on jean!! Either way - I love it!!!
Shoes: Friss Company
Adios Mi Bellas,

ODS styles control the overall appearance of your output. Usually, the only thing you need to do with styles is specify them in an ODS destination statement, as in the following example:
ods html body='b.html' style=HTMLBlue;
However, you can also modify existing styles and even write your own styles. You can also specify style elements in custom templates that you write, or you can modify which style elements are used in templates supplied by SAS. This section provides an overview of styles and style elements, which are the components of a style. It also describes how to customize a style template and how to specify a default style for your output. Only the most commonly used styles, style elements, and style changes are discussed here. For complete details about styles, see the SAS Output Delivery System: User's Guide.

Make a wish is a thing, that is deep inside of our heart. That can regularly be telling us to wish anything good to occur in most walk of our lifetime. It usually is when you are expecting some results your own heart and soul will usually desire to begin to see the satisfying outcome. This generates pictures in your head where by a person’s inner eyes can see and make you feel the happy activities.
Wants in your heart and mind allow you to to advance forward in your life assisting you to overlook the miserable or a few heart-breaking changes in life. It’s just like this whenever a person is not in excellent books with his / her buddy or associate; the heart sets out to send opinion of several good issues, plus it commands person to have a wish to think of yourself as within excellent books.
Make a wish is often teamed with positive thinking. The general public every time they wish, it will be regarding a few positive aspects in life. It’s very unusual to discover people to desire unfavorable points for their lifespan. We wish that a number of our significant wishes to arrive accurate in life.
You could have encounter the term wish box, plus its regarded as the most effective way to make a wish to come true. This is where you place ones wished vision pictures inside it. These images could be regarding the place you desire to be, along with whom you need to be with, how your way of life to be. This box makes you to remember about your own wishes and this helps to make your wish become a reality.
Your dream snap shots in the wish box are merely identified and visible to you, and lonely you’re the one who make an effort to make and stay positive concerning the images in the box. Could you imagine if your perfect photos are put inside a massive wish box, as well as I can refer to it as the tree of wishers family? Would you picture the positive influence on your wish when it’s viewed by the whole family members who form the branches and leaves from the massive tree of wishes?
This tree of wishes is the online community forums where one can place his/her desire snap shots and feelings, so it could be shared and experienced via the fellow member of the family of the tree of wishes.
It’s really a place where lots of people have come with no hope and filled with heartbreaks. Right here they already have found adore and care regarding oneself as well as seen their own ideas come true. This might put queries in you just like how it works or how is it possible.
Yes, it’s possible since Tree of wishes discussion boards work on the strength of will and each member has his/her own desire written on the discussion board. Therefore everyone’s wishes are understand by other members and they make a reply with an answer or perhaps some come forward to make association with them.
Virtually, every fellow member of the discussion board will see your perfect picture or difficulties and imagine the dream picture along in it, or they say ?John really should be out of this problem soon? or they feel at heart – ?Sandra you will definately get your boyfriend again with you? and so forth. This is the most effective factor you can sense at tree of wishes.
The actual reviews from associates worldwide talks about the strength of making a wish, also it becoming true at tree of wishes helps it be an even more powerful destination to seek happiness, adore, relationship as well as other good things in life. See you at tree of wishes to make a wish.
Author: annettebdamonz79This author has published 10 articles so far. More info about the author is coming soon.

The Uri Caine Ensemble: Gustav Mahler in Toblach: I Went Out This Morning Over The Countryside
Many would concede that fusing classical music with jazz is like mixing oil and water, they just don’t coalesce all that well. In theory these two diametrical art forms just don’t share a common denominator or equalizer – end of story! Well, not entirely so, according to jazz pianist/composer Uri Caine who achieved critical success with his 1997 release titled, Primal Light while receiving the “Toblacher Komponierhauschen” award for the best Mahler CD of 1997. Here, Caine along with the creme de la creme of New York’s “downtown” jazz scene pursue Mahler once again on the 2 CD set Gustav Mahler in Toblach which was recorded live at the 1998 Gustav Mahler festival in Italy. Here, “The Uri Caine Ensemble” meld Mahler with straight-ahead jazz, free jazz and traditional Jewish motifs.
It is reported that Caine had immersed himself with Mahler’s music for over a year in order to score the music for a documentary on this late, great classical composer. Caine’s approach is certainly worthy and demands serious consideration yet a minor drawback here is the utilization of DJ Olive’s turntables and live electronics. The venerable DJ is fully capable and is a - much in demand session musician; however, this writer struggles to find the musical value of these intermittent backwashes of electronics and scratches within the context of a classical-Jewish traditional-jazz approach. However, these occurrences are spotty and should not detract from the overall significance of Caine’s ambitious arrangements and of course, the crafty sure-handed performances of the fine ensemble. Many of the bright spots on these 2 CDs emanate from the sparkling and thoroughly convicted soloing of trumpeter Ralph Alessi, alto saxophonist David Binney and virtuoso jazz violinist Mark Feldman. Other than the always spectacular Caine, Binney, Alessi, Feldman along with a pumped up rhythm section featuring the estimable bassist Mike Formanek and young dynamo drummer Jim Black - generate tons of excitement which is evident throughout. On Caine’s “Symphony no. 5, Funeral March”, Caine and Feldman coalesce as an avant-garde, neo-classical duo as trumpeter Ralph Alessi proclaims the choruses in stately fashion, followed by a dash of free-style jazz that segues into “I Often Think They Have Merely Gone Out! (from songs of the death of children). Here, alto saxophonist David Binney performs penetratingly bright choruses capped off by Alessi’s fluent yet somewhat majestic trumpet lines as the rhythm section pushes forth with verve and gusto amid tender, sonorous and melodic choruses. Caine closes out with a swinging and harmonically rich piano solo.
Many of these pieces intersect which emits a sense of continuity and swift development. “The Little Drummer Boy” features the somewhat solemn vocals of Aaron Bensoussan as this piece is something of a heterogeneous stylization of Jewish traditionalism, modern jazz and classical, featuring an explosive alto sax solo by David Binney. Caine’s personalized vision continues with the piece titled, “Symphony no. 5 Adagio” which is a loosely based classical interpretation that gradually evolves into a series of modern jazz motifs, as several distinct conversations come to fruition along with Caine’s skillful hybrid classical/jazz piano solo. Disc 2 features a twenty-six minute piece titled, “The Farewell (from the white song of the earth). On this opus, we are treated to more of Aaron Bensoussan’s near operatic quality vocals, melodic soloing from Alessi, fluctuating rhythms, contrasting dialogue, classical quotes, somber passages and the intermittent backwash of electronics which seem slightly out of place, yet others may find it to their liking!
Throughout, Caine and co. successfully merge disparate elements in meticulous yet thoroughly convincing fashion. There’s a lot going on under the hood, so to speak and if you’re not familiar with Mahler’s work, it shouldn’t matter as the ensemble maintain enough interest and melodrama to keep the listener satisfied! Recommended....* * * *
Uri Caine; Piano, Keyboards, Adaptations and Arrangements: Ralph Alessi; Trumpet: Aaron Bensoussan; Vocals, Oud: David Binney; Alto Saxophone: Jim Black; Drums: Mark Feldman; Violin: Michael Formanek; Acoustic Bass: DJ Olive; Turntables, Live Electronics.
Distribution in North America by the

Free Shipping on Orders Over $99! Code: LAKE
Eddie Bauer Classic Fit Pima Interlock Polo Shirt - We use long-staple pima cotton for our polos for good reason.
User Review: Purchased one and loved it. Went back to purchase again and had one color available(original navy blue which I had). I kept it because I liked it so much.

Lady Gaga on duet with Kendrick Lamar: 'It's about my relationship with Jakarta and wanting to make peace'
Superstar Lady Gaga has revealed more details on her newly announced collaborative track with American hip-hop artist, Kendrick Lamar.
She unveiled the exciting news to her fans via Twitter last night (August 15) and returned to the social networking site later in the evening to discuss what inspired her to write the track and what the lyrics represent:
"I wrote "PARTYNAUSEOUS" about Jakarta, and my relationship with that country. Wishing I could "get high with the enemy" and make peace. Once @kendricklamar + I started talking about life + his forward thinking views about love + hip hop, the song became something more."
She then called on Lamar to tell his own followers about the duet, adding: "@kendricklamar can you talk about how the song relates to your poetry, K. I feel its your poetry and views that makes you so pioneering."
"@kendricklamar right, if we could just all share the same frame of mind for a moment, hope wouldn't* be so far away."
Gaga was left devastated back in May after she was forced to cancel one of her Born This Way Ball tour dates in the Indonesian city of Jakarta because extremist groups allegedly threatened her with violence.
Watch behind-the-scenes footage from Gaga's recent Vogue cover shoot here:
Latest 10 LADY GAGA News Stories

Infection in nursing home and care facility residents is, unfortunately, an all-too common occurrence. In many cases, infection is preventable, and, even when an infection is unavoidable the infection can remain in-check and the resident can recover quickly with proper medical treatment.
When an infection goes unaddressed, the body attempts to remove the infection and initiate the healing process through a process called inflammation. Inflammation causes redness, swelling, pain, tenderness, heat, and disturbed function of the infected area of the body. When the degree of infection gets severe, the infection will spread to the body’s blood system and an inflammatory response will occur throughout the body’s blood system. When inflammation occurs in the body’s blood system, the condition is known as sepsis. If sepsis becomes severe enough where blood can no longer deliver oxygen and nutrients to the body’s organs, septic shock will set in and cause multiple organ failure and death.
Care facilities must establish and maintain an effective infection control program that is designed to provide a safe, sanitary, and comfortable environment for their residents and help prevent the development and transmission of disease and infection. Nursing home and elder care facilities must also be designed, constructed, equipped, and maintained in a manner to protect the health and safety of residents, personnel, and the general public.
When a nursing home or care facility fails to properly execute an effective infection control program, its residents and patients are prone to suffer infections which can lead to serious illness and even death. At Berman & Riedel, LLP, our knowledgeable attorneys and professional legal staff have a complete understanding not only of the laws governing unaddressed infections and sepsis, but of all laws and regulations involved in litigating cases against elder care facilities and nursing homes. Further, Berman & Riedel, LLP has represented many clients throughout California in their elder care facility litigation cases, successfully obtaining the best possible results for unaddressed infections and sepsis incidents.
If you or a loved one suffers from an unaddressed infection or sepsis, Berman & Riedel, LLP offers the experience and skill necessary to provide you with sound advice on what your rights may be under the law. Contact an attorney at Berman & Riedel, LLP to discuss your legal options.

We all know about George Orwell’s 1984, right? Well, I was re-reading it the other day (for perhaps the 100th time), and thought I’d post some relevant bits from the “Afterward” section, written by Erich Fromm. It’s relevant because it talks about the idea of constant war or aggression against an enemy that you can’t destroy (can we say “terrorism?”). Although he mentions atomic weapons and an arms race, the same idea can be applied to today’s world. (Emphasis is mine.)
Orwell’s picture is so pertinent because it offers a telling argument against the popular idea that we can save freedom and democracy by continuing the arms race and finding a “stable” deterrent. This soothing picture ignores the fact that with increasing technical “progress” … the whole society will be forced to live underground, … that the military will become dominant (in fact, if not in law), that fright and hatred of a possible aggressor will destroy the basic attitudes of a democratic, humanistic society.
Another section touches on “doublethink,” something that we tend to think doesn’t exist in the mainstream, but in fact – it does.
If I work for a big corporation which claims that its product is better than that of all competitors, the question whether this claim is justified or not in terms of ascertainable reality becomes irrelevant. What matters is that as long as I serve this particular corporation, this claim becomes “my” truth, and I decline to examine whether it is an objectively valid truth. In fact, if I change my job and move over to the corporation which was until now “my” competitor, I shall accept the new truth, that its product is the best, and subjectively speaking, this new truth will be as true as the old one. It is one of the most characteristic and destructive developments of our own society that man, becoming more and more of an instrument, transforms reality more and more into something relative to his own interest and functions. Truth is proven by the consensus of millions; to the slogan “how can millions be wrong” is added “and how can a minority of one be right.”
In case it isn’t clear to you how this applies to today’s society, I have only to point to the rhetoric of our own political parties for proof. They (meaning the people who represent the party and its ideas/beliefs/platform/etc.) exhibit this exact form of “doublethink,” or accepting “truth” without objective facts. Just think of the people who think that global warming isn’t real, or (to use a slightly less pleasant example) the people who claim the holocaust never happened, and you will see modern “doublethink” in action. It is a frightening trend to someone who thinks rationally and objectively considers the facts.
Let me continue with another quote, one that resonates with me in regards to all the “security” measures taken lately by our government – especially the “REAL ID” thing (emphasis mine):
Thus, for instance, if he has surrendered his independence and his integrity completely, if he experiences himself as a thing which belongs either to the state, the party or the corporation, then two plus two are five, or “Slavery is Freedom,” and he feels free because there is no longer any awareness of the discrepancy between truth and falsehood.
It goes without saying that I think these are all troubling signs, but what is to be done? The only thing I can think of is to subtly resist such change where possible (don’t give in to REAL ID; write your representatives in Congress; refuse to be afraid of unseen enemies) and to try to help others see things objectively as much as possible. I’m not talking about trying to spread an ideology here – the ideology is already spread; people are just giving it up for an easier, but less “free” one.
So do your duty. Talk with someone about these issues. Spend some time thinking about the implications of what you see & hear in the news, rather than just accepting the views given by those in power (both politically and in the mainstream media). You may be a minority of one, but as of yet, a minority of one can still be right.
Peace out, yo.

Quinnipiac poll shows Charlie Crist, Alex Sink leading November matchups
Alex Sink continues to gain ground in November's race for governor as the two Republicans wage an expensive battle to drive up each other's negatives, a new Quinnipiac University poll finds. If she were to face Bill McCollum (as yesterday's Q poll suggests), she would lead 31 percent to 29 percent. Against Rick Scott, she had a 33-29 lead. In both cases, independent Bud Chiles gets 12 percent and about a fifth of the electorate is undecided.
In the Senate race, Charlie Crist continues to hold about a seven point edge over Republican Marco Rubio. According to the poll, his lead is relatively the same regardless of who the Democratic nominee is. Against Kendrick Meek, Crist leads 39-32-16; while facing Jeff Greene he is up 40-32-15.
The poll was conducted from Aug. 11 to 16 and has a margin of error of 3 percentage points with a 1,096-person sample size.
Full story here.

Team - Action SOIL > Kabindra Adhikari
Portrait: Kabindra Adhikari
is graduated in 2000 in Agriculture (Soil science) from the Institute
of Agriculture and Animal Science, Tribhuwan University, Nepal.
He joined Council for Technical Education and Vocational Training
(CTEVT), Nepal and has been working there as an Agriculture Instructor
since 2001. He then received a scholarship for post-graduate study
aboard. He obtained his M.Sc. degree in Physical Land Resources
(Soil science) in 2006 from Ghent University, Belgium, conducting
research on soil spatial variability and its consequences on yield
and quality of sugar beet crop at within-field scale in the Faculty
of Soil Management and Soil Care of the university.
He joined European Commission - Joint Research Centre, Land management and Natural Hazards Unit as a Doctoral Researcher in October 2006 working closely with the research team on Monitoring the State of European Soils (SOIL) action.
His research work in the commission was related to the monitoring of soil water status based on digital soil functional maps for the development of guidelines and technical supports for soil use and soil conservation. He left JRC in October 2009.
|Unit:||Land Management/ SOIL action|
|Phone:||+39 0332 / 786349|
|Fax:||+39 0332 / 786394|
|Important legal notice
© European Communities, 1995-
| European Commission - Joint Research Centre
Institute for Environment and Sustainability
Marc Van Liedekerke(tel. +39-0332-785179)
Panos Panagos (tel. +39-0332-785574)

Section 9 Protocols
CleanSeq Cleanup: Robot or by hand.
1. Add 10uL CleanSeq directly to sequencing reaction product.
2. Add 37.5uL 85% Ethanol and mix.
3. Place plate on magnet for 5 minutes.
4. Flip plate while still on magnet and discard ethanol.
5. Add 100uL 85% ethanol and let sit for 30 seconds
6. Flip plate while still on magnet and discard ethanol.
7. Take plate off magnet and let air dry for 10 minutes.
8. Add 40uL 0.5mM EDTA and let sit for 5 minutes.
Set up in Eppendorf plate.
5uL cleaned PCR product
1uL Big Dye Extender Buffer
1uL 3.2 uM primer
1uL Big Dye
Seal with wax or heat seal.
94 C :30
50 C 1:00
60 C 4:00
hold at 4 C
AMPure Cleanup: Robot or by hand.
1. Transfer 18uL AMPure to an Eppendorf plate.
2. Add 10uL PCR product and mix.
3. Let sit 5 minutes.
4. Place on magnet, let sit 5-10 minutes.
5. Remove entire volume, leaving beads, discard liquid.
6. Add 200uL 70% Ethanol, let sit 30 seconds, flip while still on magnet to remove ethanol.
7. Repeat Ethanol wash.
8. Take plate off magnet; let air dry for 12-25 minutes.
9. Add 40uL H2O, mixing well, to re-suspend the DNA.
Gel Extraction (for double bands): Promega Wizard Kit
1. Using the small gel rig, pour a 1% low melting point agarose gel (0.5 g in 50mL 1XTBE, 1uL ethidium bromide).
2. Add 5uL of loading dye to your PCR and load the entire volume onto the gel.
3. Run at 70 volts for 1-1.5 hours.
4. Protecting yourself from the UV, and using a razor blade or spatula, excise the band you want and put it in a 1.5mL tube.
5. Weigh each tube and add 10uL of Membrane Binding Solution per 10mg or gel.
Agarose gel Preparation
1. To make a gel, add 8-10g agarose to 400mL 1XTBE buffer.
2. Microwave for 5 minutes, pour into gel tray, let cool 30 min.
3. Add SYBRsafe stain (0.1uL per lane) to loading dye (3L per lane). Remember to add SYBRsafe stain to ladder.
4. Use 2uL of your PCR product and 3uL loading dye to check amplifications on the gel.
5. If you get double bands consistently, do a gel extraction (see below).
PCR – Ready-to-go Beads.
Recipe: 2uL DNA
1uL each direction of primer (10M)
Seal with caps or wax.
94 C 5:00
DNA Extraction – Qiagen DNeasy kit.
Note the number of spin columns you use.
The centrifuge can hold up to 30 samples at once.
Forceps are to be sterilized in Fine Science Tools heat block at >200 C for>20 seconds.
1. Isolate a suitable piece of tissue and place in a UV-crosslinked 1.5mL tube.
2. Add 180uL Buffer ATL and 20uL Proteinase K and vortex.
3. Place in the 55 C incubator for 3 hours or overnight.

Used Lexus GX 470 in Lubbock, TX
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
The Appearance of the car is beautiful and has great style and the interior is very comfortable, the performance is amazing this car definitely has great acceleration and the mileage per gallon is excellent considering that this is an V8 SUV.
2008 Lexus GX 470 Base Used Cars in Lubbock, TX 79401
Location: Lubbock, TX 79401
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.
|Lexus GX 460||Lexus LX 470||Toyota 4Runner||Lexus RX 350||Toyota Land Cruiser||Lexus LX 570|
Used Lexus GX 470 By Year
|2009 Lexus GX 470 84 listings||2008 Lexus GX 470 192 listings||2007 Lexus GX 470 181 listings|
|2006 Lexus GX 470 198 listings||2005 Lexus GX 470 179 listings||2004 Lexus GX 470 236 listings|
|2003 Lexus GX 470 126 listings|

Published: | Updated: 02.03.10
(Hawthorne, NY) – Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic (PPHP) respects the ability of every woman, including Pam Tebow, Tim Tebow’s mom, to make important personal medical decisions for herself and her family. The anticipated Super Bowl ad, purchased by Focus on the Family, reportedly features the Tebow family sharing their personal story about a difficult medical decision made by Pam Tebow. However, if Focus on the Family has its way millions of women would no longer be able to make personal medical decisions when it comes to abortion.
Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic President/CEO Reina Schiffrin issued the following statement today:
"Planned Parenthood respects the ability of every woman to make important personal medical decisions for herself and her family, including the decision by Pam Tebow more than 20 years ago to carry her high-risk pregnancy to term and deliver her son Tim. The Tebows’ story is compelling, and central to it is the fact that we must respect the ability of every woman to make important medical decisions for herself and her family, after receiving counsel from medical professionals, religious leaders, family members, or others she trusts.
"The Tebow story underlines what Planned Parenthood has learned from the millions of women doctors and nurses at its health centers have cared for over nearly a century. Women take decisions about their health very seriously. This is true whether itfs a decision about their choice of contraception, specific medical treatments for illnesses like cancer, challenges related to medically complex pregnancies, or any other important health care issue they are considering.
"Focus on the Familyfs long-stated goal is to outlaw abortion except in rare cases when the womanfs life is severely at risk. This is an extreme position, which would rob every woman of the ability to make important personal medical decisions for herself and her family. Focus on the Family also opposes commonsense comprehensive sex education and life-saving stem cell research. Their agenda is far outside mainstream America.
"Planned Parenthood urges all Americans to ponder the true meaning of the Tebow family experience---one in which a woman made a deeply personal medical decision in private without government interference. This is exactly what every woman should be able to do.h
Planned Parenthood Federation of America is sharing this online video featuring U.S. Olympian Al Joyner and former Vikings football player Sean James sharing their own thoughts about sports, families, and the importance of personal decision making.
Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic, Inc (PPHP) is the 16th largest affiliate of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, and operates 12 medical centers in Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland, and Putnam Counties. In 2009, PPHP provided services to over 33,000 patients in nearly 70,000 visits. We conducted nearly 1,600 education programs reaching nearly 32,000 youth and adults, and mobilized approximately 10,000 advocates to protect reproductive health care rights. PPHP has served the community for 77 years, and is dedicated to educating and empowering individuals to make responsible choices regarding their sexuality and sexual health. Planned Parenthood has done more to reduce the incidence of abortion and unintended pregnancy than any other health care provider or advocacy group. PPHP is headquartered in Hawthorne NY. For more information about PPHP services and programs, visit pphp.org.

2-3-4 Letter Words
How to Play the Game:
DESCRITPION: Make as many 2-4 letter words as possible. The Jumbly database contains almost 6,000 words - all valid for Scrabble. This game is perfect for learning those all-important short words for Scrabble.
Sounds easy ?
An easy start gives way to increasingly diminishing returns as you run out of words. The art is the choose the optimal moment to stop and submit your high-score... before it starts to fall !
INSTRUCTIONS: Make 2-4 letter words using the letters on the shelf. You have a set of 98 letters to play with.
Each time you add a letter to the table, a new letter replaces it on the shelf.
When you have made a word, click on "submit". Any 4 letter word is automatically submitted.
Letter distribution and scores are the same as in Scrabble.
4 letter words obtain a 10 point bonus.
Words submitted before the clock runs down obtain a 5 point bonus.
2 adjacent die-faces are the same color, those letters score double.
3 adjacent die-faces are the same color, those letters score triple.
4 adjacent die-faces are the same color, those letters score quadruple.
You may only use each word once (there are almost 6,000 words in all).
If you use a word more than once, the word scores negative.
If you place a non-valid four letter word on the table, the score is deducted (color sequence boni do not count).
You choose when the game is over:
When you run out of letters in a Letter Set, you will be given the choice of
- completing the Letter Set and submitting your score,
- renewing the Letter Set (ie receiving 98 new letters) and continuing with the current game.

Take a look at the snazzy new pictures!
as Krystal Carey
Other Popular Galleries
no Mek photos? :(
You can put me on that chair any time Jacob.
Does RPG own any clean clothes or know what shampoo is?
Is he supposed to be a substitute for Zack in the unshaven, grubby look?
You can see the latest General Hospital episode online - full length and completely free.
Watch now »
Get Exclusive Sneak Peeks
Get exclusive sneak peeks and the latest news about all the ABC Daytime shows by signing up for the weekly newsletter, the Hotsheet.
Sign up now »
SOAPnet, Shows, Stars, Style. ©SOAPnet LLC. All rights reserved.

It’s a foggy, but warm, morning here in Tampa. The Eagles are on an 8-game losing streak facing another team that desperately needs a win to stay in the playoff race. But I’m picking the Eagles to win, and running back Bryce Brown is a big reason as you can see from the story I wrote about him today, detailing how he went from the top high school recruit in the nation to leaving college altogether to becoming a 7th round pick to rushing for 347 yards in 2 games.
You’ll read about Brown’s work ethic, which he got as a high schooler from running up “The Hill” 292 times in one day. And you’ll read about how the Eagles were the only NFL team to watch his Pro Day, mesmerized by his freshman season at Tennessee (he had just 16 yards rushing in the 2 years after that).
Incredibly, there are four games left in the season, and the Eagles can still either go to the Super Bowl or get the No. 1 pick in the draft. It’s an interesting dilemma because it’s not a quarterback-powered draft like last season.
Anyway, on to the preview…
MEET THE BUCCANEERS
For the second straight week, the Eagles will be playing a team desperate to stay in the playoff race. At 6-6, the Buccaneers need to win to keep pace with Seattle for the final NFC wildcard spot. The Bucs have been a surprise behind first-year coach Greg Schiano, who was coaching at Rutgers last season. Tampa Bay has already improved on its 4-12 record last season. Rookie running back Doug Martin, free agent wide receiver Vincent Jackson and longtime Colts tight end Dallas Clark were added to help quarterback Josh Freeman and returning receiver Mike Williams.
The Bucs chose Martin with the 31st pick of the first round out of Boise State, and he has been a revelation. He rushed for 251 yards and four touchdowns in a game against Oakland, and he’s on the verge of breaking just about every Buccaneers rookie rushing record.
The Bucs are doing it with youth as five 2012 draft picks played in the season opener, including rookie starters Martin, Mark Barron at safety and Lavonte David at linebacker. Barron and David have helped the Bucs become the top rushing defense in the NFL, allowing just 83 yards per game. But the Bucs have struggled against the pass. They rank last in the NFL, allowing 309 yards per game. The Eagles will also see their 2010 third-round pick Daniel Te’o-Nesheim, who starts at defensive end.
Bryce is right: Bryce Brown rushed for 178 and 169 yards in his first two starts at running back. He needs 149 yards to pass LeSean McCoy’s team rookie rushing record for a season. If he does it, he’ll have to do it against the NFL’s top rush defense, and the Bucs will be geared to stopping him.
Brasher’s bunch: The wide nine is dead, and now the defensive linemen will have to read and react rather than just going after the quarterback under new defensive line coach Tommy Brasher. It should ease the pressure on linebackers and safeties to fill in the gaps.
Fixing the secondary: The defensive backs have had several breakdowns over the past six weeks, and Reid threatened lineup changes. Yet the only change will be Colt Anderson starting in place of Kurt Coleman, who’s out with a chest injury.
The Eagles had their best offensive game of the season, scoring a season-high 33 points. But the defense was once again ransacked, as Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo went 10-for-10 for 169 yards in the second half, leading Dallas to a 38-33 win. Tampa Bay is coming off a 31-23 loss to the Denver Broncos. Josh Freeman hit Mike Williams for two touchdown passes, but Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning did a number on the Bucs defense.
The Eagles beat Tampa Bay 33-14 on Oct. 11, 2009 at Lincoln Financial Field. Donovan McNabb was 16-for-21 for 264 yards and three touchdowns and had the second best quarterback rating of his career at 157.2. Rookie Jeremy Maclin had six catches for 142 yards and two touchdowns, including a 40-yard score. Cornerback Asante Samuel had two interceptions.
In the two games Bryce Brown has started, the Eagles have averaged 193.5 yards rushing and moved up from 11th to ninth in the NFL. Brown has averaged 6.5 yards per carry this season. He has gained at least 24 yards from scrimmage five times in the last two games alone. He has four rushing touchdowns in two games, more than LeSean McCoy had in 10 games.
Nick Foles is coming off his best game since taking over for Michael Vick, completing 22 of 34 passes for 251 yards and his second straight turnover-free game. But the Eagles could really use DeSean Jackson for his ability to spread the defense against the Bucs to open up running lanes and passes underneath. They’re hoping Damaris Johnson can fill that role.
Doug Martin has been everything the Bucs could have envisioned when they drafted him in the first round out of Boise State. He needs just 73 yards to set the franchise rookie record for rushing yards in a season. But Martin has just 106 yards combined in the last two games as teams are starting to adjust to him. Freeman, who’s 6-foot-6, 248 pounds, can also run.
Freeman is on pace to surpass 4,000 yards passing with 3,003 yards so far and 23 touchdowns against just 8 interceptions. He has two big receivers to throw to in Mike Williams and Vincent Jackson, who’s already over 1,000 yards receiving. Jackson leads the NFL in yards per catch, with an average of 20.3. The Eagles have been atrocious against the pass the last six games.
The Eagles are coming off their best special teams game of the season. Damaris Johnson returned a punt a team-record 98 yards for a touchdown, the first of his career. Alex Henery continues to hit field goals. His streak is 21 straight, the longest active streak in the NFL. Bucs kicker Connor Barth already has six field goals of 50 or more yards this season.
There’s no reason why the Eagles should win this game. They’ve lost eight straight and are playing out the string of a miserable season, and the defense is terrible. The Bucs, meanwhile, need this game to stay in the playoff race. Yet Brown’s running and Foles’ passing have rejuvenated the offense, especially the once-porous offensive line. And the firing of defensive line coach Jim Washburn might just unburden the linebackers and safeties. Call it a hunch.
The pick: Eagles 26, Bucs 21.

Cheap Web Design
If you are looking at this page right now, you are probably trying to save some money by searching for cheap web design in Google. But is cheap web design always good? Let's see how the price of the web design relates to the website. Suppose you would like to order a personal web page – everyone has his own personal page nowadays - why not get one for yourself? You start inquiring for the prices at various web design companies and comparing their prices. You might get surprised by receiving 4-digit quotes (how can this be so expensive?), but it's a guarantee that you will also get cheap web design quotes - $100 or less with the guarantee of a “fast” and”quality” web design. There's no doubt that the job will be done fast, but will your website look the way you really want it? In the best case you will just receive a generic-looking template where you'll need to insert your text, that's about it. These templates can and do look great sometimes. However, there will be a couple of things you'll have to consider:
- the template you will receive will not be unique and belonging only to you , it was and will be used by hundreds of other people, since this template is being for sale on a regular basis.
- Most probably this design will not properly portray your interests and goals, which you want to present to your target audience.
To create a really unique web site, a web designer needs to be well aware of your/your business' background, your main goals for the website, what kind of content will be used on the website; a web designer or a web agency must plan and think over how the content will be distributed, what the functionality of the site will be, how to make it attractive and user friendly for your visitors. This job can not be done within a couple of days. It takes more time, thought, planning, creativity and professional skills. Professional website development is always a complex process. Of course, there are certain sites, for which any look would suffice, since their main goal is purely operational. In this case a generic template would fit well, and there would not be a need in a complex online identity development process
If you really want good results for your website, you should be ready for a higher price.
What are the prices like at Elune Art? Are they cheap? Comparing to the low cost solutions you might get while inquiring for website design, our prices will probably seem high. At the same time, we can assure you that our prices are definitely not the highest for a unique custom web site, and not a cheap generic one. Our charges are fair and proportional to the amount of services required for each project, and we are not trying to overcharge or trick our clients by telling them long stories about how complicated their project will be.
If you decide to order website design from our company – we'll be happy to work with you, and we can guarantee that you will never be disappointed!
How does the process go?
- »Communicating with a client, understanding the client's goals, audience and preferences. Each client receives our questionnaire to fill out, which will keep all the details of the project documented.
- »Planning the content and structure of the web site, establishing timelines and development solutions.
- »Creating the interface, showing it to the client, if necessary, revising it.
- »Coding the interface, showing the coded site to the client, if necessary, revising it.
- »Site goes live

Double Diamond Chefs
Personal Chefs and Caterers in Vail Colorado
Double Diamond Chefs is a full-service catering and private chef service in the greater Vail Valley, Summit County, and Aspen areas. Whether it is a small family gathering or a big celebration, DDC is happy to work with our clients to develop the perfect menu for any event.
For most meals, DDC provides 3 or 4 courses consisting of one or more appetizers or hors d’oeuvres, an entrée, and a dessert for each party.
As you continue to browse our site you will find our menu, but don’t feel constricted by what we have listed, as we are happy to cater to your every desire. Our menu provides examples of our favorite and most popular dishes of the season. Also, we are constantly updating our Specials section, highlighting creative and delicious seasonal dishes, so check back soon!

The e-news just reported that sea level is rising on America’s East Coast faster than on the West Coast. What this translates into is the retreat of beaches and bluffs, the flooding of tidal wetlands, and the salting of drinking water wells situated close to the sea. On the other hand, while there will be losses and changes, there will also be more of the same.
Each shoreline on the South Fork of Long Island is different. Some are backed by coastal bluffs such as those in Montauk, some are fronted by dunes like those in Amagansett, some are edged with salt marshes, some are stony, some are sandy, and some, such as the points and strands, are flat, low, and barren.
Middle Atlantic Coast beaches are different from Gulf of Mexico beaches. They have two flood tides and two ebb tides in a 24-hour day as opposed to one high and one low in the same time period. The tides washing in and out with accompanying waves are responsible in large part for a given beach’s profile and character.
The ocean beaches of the south shore are mostly sandy. On Long Island, one has to travel all the way to Montauk to find stony ocean beaches. Traveling east from Napeague they become progressively stonier and the bluffs behind them progressively steeper.
Why is that? Well, the ice sheet that created the South Fork about 15,000 years ago reached no farther south than the morainal highlands that run east-west in a line dividing the northern half of Southampton and East Hampton Towns from their southern halves. Montauk is an exception, however, as the glacier dropped and pushed its load of rocks and other debris far out into the ocean.
Thus Montauk’s south shore and subtidal waters are mostly lined with rocks known as glacial erratics. Striped bass fishermen stand on the tops of the larger ones in the water while they fish. Boulders brought 15 millenniiums earlier from New England and Canada continually wash out of the bluffs, roll onto the beach, and in less than 100 years are partly underwater or completely so as rising sea level claims more and more of the retreating shore. The really big ones move hardly an inch or more over time while the sea overruns them. The biggest ones are shown on hydrological charts created by the Department of the Interior and they serve as important navigation points for boaters.
The north shore beaches lining the Peconic Estuary, a series of bays beginning on the west where the Peconic River runs into the estuary and endng on the east with Block Island Sound are quite different from the ocean beaches. They are much stonier and have a lot more shells, different ones that you find on ocean beaches. The tides and storms drive the larger materials back and forth in a never-ending process called “sorting” by geologists. The sediments are sorted according to size and weight. Sand is lighter than gravel and gravel is lighter than stones and stones are lighter than rocks and so on. There are glacial erractics, as well, here and there along north shore shorelines. Drive over the Route 114 bridge from the Village of Sag Harbor into the Village of North Haven and look to the northeast at ebb tide. Sag Harbor Bay’s northwest side is littered with glacial erratics. They haven’t moved an inch in ages.
Continue on to Long Beach Road around the corner of Route 114 and you will find perhaps the best hydraulically sorted beach on the South Fork, situated between Noyac Bay and Sag Harbor Cove. On any given day, there are at least four different zones running the length of the beach from North Haven into Noyac. At the top is fine sand and some dried seaweed left by storm and moon tides. A little farther down is a layer of empty slipper shells and jingle shells, purplish and yellow. Gravel also makes up this layer, lying beneath the shells because of its greater density. Then comes a layer of finely polished stones, mostly white quartz, followed by a layer of larger stones, or rocks, also well polished but much heavier than the stones in the more landward layer.
You will also find another mode of transportation from sea to shore ongoing among these larger rocks. Rockweeds, Sputnik weed, and other algae attached by their holdfasts to rocks that are among the largest and most seaward. The buoyancy of the attached seaweed makes these rocks a little lighter and more mobile than those without seaweed and so they move closer to shore with each large wave. One gets the notion that the seabed is continually purging itself of rocky sediments.
The north side of Orient Point, Fishers Island, Gull Island, and Plum Island — all formed by the glacier that created the Harbor Hill moraine that runs along the north shore of Long Island out into the ocean — also have stony beaches that show a similar horizontal zonation from seabed to upper shore to that on Long Beach.
Some South Fork shores show a zonation of sands. White quartz sands are the most common, while garnet sands often form red wrack lines high up on the beach along with iron, or magnetite sands, which are blackish. One responds to a horseshoe magnet, the other doesn’t. Such differential sanding is common along Napeague Harbor’s shoreline, but also occurs on all the shores and points of the Peconics, as well as on some upper ocean beaches.
While Lion’s Head Rock and the other massive boulders will likely last until the end of earth as we know it, semidiurnal tides and storm-driven seas are eternally grinding and grinding silicate against silicate against silicate, rock against stone against gravel against sand grains along our marine shores in a different kind of “food chain,” one that creates smaller and smaller particles from larger ones.
What is the end point? That’s what I would most like to know. After the wind takes over, do the finer and finer sands eventually become atmospheric dust, which ultimately reduces to single and separate molecules, maybe even individual atoms? Think about it.
One need not fret over it, however. The earth is not shrinking; it is growing larger. It loses far less material to space than it receives from it in the form of asteroids, meteors, and meteorites. The earth is slowly becoming obese.

Well, it's not like there aren't venues where you can publish your erotic literature elsewhere. Think here it's a frank exchange about sex in general but it's not like we're posting blow-by-blow (pun intended) account of getting laid last night.
Also, as one of your fascistic overlords, I demand flashy but meaningless medals for my uniform.
You want a dildo badge don't you?
Well.... I mean if there's one going....
I'm all out, have a clock in the meantime
My pork tunnel was quivering like Michael J Fox trying to secure a twist tie in anticipation of his stink drill. He looked deep into my eyes and said without speaking, "Bitch, imma stab your tuna tomb so hard. Then, if you're lucky imma plunge this dingaling in your sewage chute."
might be heading over okc girl's house today for a little bow wow chica chica.
nah we'll prolly just smoke up >.>
I suppose. I don't have much of a problem trying to keep a conversation going, unless my brain just isn't on that day. But I don't have a single romantic bone in my body.
My motivation in talking to girls/women never comes down to "ima hit dat", otherwise I would be resorting to retarded oneliners and brazen come-ons, which I don't, because I've been done with actively trying that hard. The last two times I got any kind of action was when I had to be hit over the head by their fuckin libido, since I just assume I'm the least attractive guy in the room in that situation. It'd be fair to say that rejection has played a big part in that.
That, and I'm just a mopey fuck in general. I just don't have it in me to make the first move anymore - which I know I should, in those semi-awkward pauses between conversations, because it's worked for me before (unless of course they weren't into me). But I don't know what to say anymore and have it NOT come off as desperate. It's been too long since I've given a shit about it.
had sex with pub quiz guy, YAY! Finally! and it was fuuuuuuuun! He pulled my hair and pinned my arms down and bit my neck and scratched my back and did all the things I like! (I asked for these things first, but he was quick to run with them, and continued to suprise me with them). except for the hair pulling thing. he did taht on his own. never had that done beofre. i liked it!
ah everything makes sense now. if he loses interest its ok, we got sex out of it! if he gains interested, bonus round! SEX SEX SEX with mega hot guy who im insanely attracted to. ah so happy.
Congrats Bec, good to hear you finally got him and he was a good root to boot!
At least she didn't have to resurrect the bad sex thread.
There's a bad sex thread?
omg YES that queen picture is exactly how i was feeling as I was strutting to work this morning haha.

Used Mud Tires for Sale
Generally, the mud tires have utilized for driving in harsh and unpredictable turns up and rough tracks of ground that are thick spread with mud, water and dirt. The mud tires have fashioned in a specific style or quality so that an easy drive could guaranteed. Such tires are expensive to buy. Therefore, you can think purchasing second hand mud tires for sale from the local or online market of used mud tires. Getting economical as well as effective used mud tires can be a hard job for you, if you do not have proper knowledge about the components of used mud tires.
While seeking for the used mud tires for sale, it is beneficial to become acute or enthusiastic in order to obtain the low-priced and fine quality tires. However, there are various elements, which will help you, while purchasing the used tires as guiding principles. First, check out that what type of mud tires you are intending to purchase along with the price you are willing to pay. Then only spend your time in searching the locations or sites where you are able to get tires at low-price budget.
In order to find the affordable and effective used mud tires with long lasting length of service and surety of safe driving. Simply select to get the most beneficial trader dealing in used mud tires, you simply need to compare the available traders as well as sites in terms of their service and superiority. There are two important sources, where you are able to purchase the cheap used tires for sale, one is from the local tire shop and other is to buy online. It is advisable to examine the threads of tires whether they are in quality terms or not. While buying used mud tires online, you should be very precise, because in online deal you cannot see the actual condition of tires physically. However, you can ascertain the experiences of previous customers stated or posted online. Consume your own time to determine the quality and low-price tires from lots of available tires in the local as well as online tire shops. Select only those tires that have good amount of size and quality of threads, which enable you to drive you car or bile even in drastic rainy and muddy situations on the road. You can search for low-cost mud tires in various locally situated shops specialize in used mud tires. A low-cost tire has various arguments, in terms of caliber and length of service, emphatically secondhand or utilized tires are usually not in a condition to execute the situations of rain or mud on the road comparing with the new tires. If anybody is certain about the reliability of the trader selected by you that he owns the good quality and variety of used mud tires for sale cheap, then make up your mind to go for low-cost brand instead of used mud tires. Comparing the standards of superiority and safe, you will not be able to get confidence to what you buy. However, it does not often mean to buy heavy-duty tires at cheap rate. Buying the cheap used mud tires for sale can turn out to be little serious business. You have to be very precise and careful to safeguard your family or friends while you are driving in harsh conditions on road.
You may be curious whether to go for the used rims and tires or the new ones in car accessories shops in local markets. If you want to change your carís damaged rim, it is often essential to purchase the eye catching and expensive rims, which will cost you with much budget. You can also manage to get cool looking still low budget used rims, if you select to purchase a set of secondhand rims and tires and that will enable you to spare your money. After searching in good order you will definitely get the exact size, good quality and a reasonable cost used mud tires and rims for sale. You have better option of the local market of secondhand accessories as well as used cars, where many people discard their old and utilized rims and tires and exhibit them up for sale. You may also browse for the online forums on cars and accessories where you can talk about used mud tires and rims for sale with many people who are willing to sell their cars or various used accessories like cheap used ATV tires for sale. Mud tires have designed only for the use of driving on rough roads having harsh conditions of dust and rain. In fact, these tires are not use of in daily or local driving, as they produce a lot of sound pollution and inclination to wear out fast while running on concrete surface. Mud tires are the chiefly rough where having a broad distance among the knobs in the stride. In order to clear the mud, it does not produce slickness so the mud tires cannot dig up. While making a deal of cheap second hand mud tires for sale, there are various factors that you require to consider it which covers all the intentions and rough pieces of grounds or roads in harsh rainy or dusty condition.
The question of how to get the cheap used tires online or in the local car accessories shop has a simple answer. The first step is to run through in proper search as you have the various alternatives in the local area where you are living. In online deal you can simply prescript and bring the cheap used tires without examining the conditions or threads of tires. While offline market offer you the service of physical inspection of the cheaply used tires along with wide range of variety. There are several traders in this concept but you have to select the best trader with good quality and exclusive after sales service features because once you sell used tires, it is the service which makes differentiates you from a regular dealer. Most of the traders in used tires are mostly equipped with particular or specific type of cheap used tires, which we can select easily. Normally many traders charge affordable rates for the installation, balancing and mounting the tires according to the requirement of customers.

Input problem with kdrive/ Xvesa
steve.kreyer at web.de
Sun Apr 15 16:42:43 PDT 2007
Daniel Stone wrote:
> On Mon, Apr 16, 2007 at 12:51:50AM +0200, Steve Kreyer wrote:
>> Daniel Stone wrote:
>>> That should work just fine (does for me with Xomap), but you might need
>>> to pass '-keybd keyboard'.
>> Hm, there's no such option. The only options I've found are +kb to
>> enable X keyboard extension and -kb to disable it. But +kb has no
>> effect. Is it possible that Xvesa /kdrive uses an input device such as
>> /dev/input/event0 for keyboard events? I ask, because at the target
>> system there's no such device file for the keyboard ...
> There is such an option, I just forgot to add it to the help. :)
Ok, I see.
I've try to start Xvesa via
Xvesa -mouse mouse,/dev/mouse,3button -keybd keyboard
but with the same result, that the keyboard does not react. I wonder
because I can't even enable/disable the "Num-lock" key of the keyboard,
when Xvesa is running. So maybe the source of the problem is located
> The evdev driver is currently non-functional (for those who care, I've
> rewritten it, and will release it when this throat infection decides
> it's had enough --- two weeks and counting thus far -- and I can get
> back to work), so right now it just uses the standard keyboard input
> There's code in Xvesa to add a default keyboard, but I assume that it's
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Size: 3245 bytes
Desc: S/MIME Cryptographic Signature
More information about the xorg

By Thomas Peter
07 Mar 2011
"For Colored Girls," Tyler Perry's film adaptation of Ntozake Shange's Tony Award-nominated play for colored girls who have considered suicide when the rainbow is enuf, was named Outstanding Motion Picture at the ceremony. The film also took home awards for Perry's direction and for Kimberly Elise, who was named Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture.
Tony and Academy Award winner Denzel Washington received the Outstanding Actor in a Motion Picture award for his performance in "The Book of Eli." Halle Berry and Samuel L. Jackson, who are both likely to make their Broadway debuts this fall in Katori Hall's The Mountantop, received awards for Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture for "Frankie and Alice," and Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture for "Mother and Child," respectively.
Stage actors honored in the television categories included Tony nominee Vanessa Williams, who took home Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series for her work on "Desperate Housewives." Sofia Vergara was named Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series for "Modern Family," Terrence Howard received Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series honors for "Law & Order: Los Angeles," and Tony nominee S. Epatha Merkerson was named Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series for "Law & Order." "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" was named Outstanding Comedy Series, and "Grey's Anatomy" was awarded Outstanding Drama Series.
For more information and a complete list of winners, visit naacpimageawards.net.

Log In now to add this GigaPan to a group gallery.
Log In now to add this GigaPan to a gallery.
About This GigaPanToggle
- Taken by
- Brian Richards
- Explore score
- 0.07 Gigapixels
- Date added
- March 25, 2012
- Date taken
- March 12, 2012
Nikon D300, Nikkor AF 10.5mm
- architectural, cityscapes, environmental, nature, photojournalism, virtual reality
The "Survivor Tree", a Callery pear tree, was planted on the original World Trade Center plaza in the 1970s. After 9/11 workers found the damaged tree in the wreckage, reduced to an eight foot stump. The tree was nursed back to health in a New York city park and grew to 30 feet tall. In March 2010 the tree was uprooted by severe storms, but it survived again, and was returned to the site in December 2010.
For a 360 Spherical Panoramic view see www.3dpan.org/101486
The "Survivor Tree" symbolises the power of nature and nurturing together as a living, creative and cultural response to the catastrophe.

The father of a seriously ill Magherafelt baby has slammed health chiefs after they refused to cover the cost of her care in a US hospital.
Baby Katie Maguire’s doting dad Gary McCann spoke of his family’s bitter disappointment after health minister Michael McGimpsey confirmed his department will not offer any financial help towards the child’s health care costs.
Baby Katie suffers from a rare form of epilepsy which means she can’t see, swallow or smile. The brave one-year-old was brought to Children’s Memorial Hospital in Chicago in June.
The additional treatment required has placed a massive financial burden on Katie’s family who say they need at least £250,000.
At the end of last month Gary McCann jetted back from the US for a joint meeting with the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister at Stormont, in a bid to build support for his daughter’s plight.
Mr McCann also met Health Minister Michael McGimpsey, who he asked to help pay some of the cost of Katie’s treatment in America. However, last week the minister sent a letter to Katie’s family rejecting their request for help.
Gary said: “I am angry and I feel at this stage they have closed the door on me. I feel he is saying he doesn’t want to hear any more from me. They are saying they won’t pay because the potential to have Katie treated in the UK or Europe was exhausted. But we begged for her to be referred to Great Ormond Street and they refused to do it.
“I then met the minister just weeks before we were due to go to America and he said he would try to set up a referral in Great Ormond Street. But we had already set everything up for America, it was simply too little too late.”
A spokesman for the Department for Health said: “The Department recognises that any serious illness affecting a young child will cause the family great distress and anxiety. The health service would only be in a position to commit money towards a referral to the United States if it was clear that the possible options within the health service in the United Kingdom had been exhausted and there was evidence that referral firstly outside the UK – and secondly outside the European Union – would offer better prospects for the patient.”

Katy has had many pasts. Everyone knows that she started off as a gospel singer, but somehow she went from that to singing with rock bands like, P.O.D. before she was kissing any girls.
She performed backup vocals for P.O.D's hit song "Goodbye for Now." A grungy Katy can be seen towards the end of their music video.

|05-14-2010, 01:28 PM||#1|
Ring of Famer
Join Date: May 2003
Location: The Ville
Tyrone Braxton Still a Champion
This is graduation season around the country, with high school and college students proudly getting diplomas and degrees from high schools, colleges and universities.
One of those who might otherwise be overlooked is very accustomed to being the center of attention, that being former Denver Broncos safety and cornerback Tyrone Braxton.
Tyrone was a star player for the Broncos and has two Super Bowl championship rings from his days with the team, but this weekend he fulfills a promise he made to his mother as a freshman at North Dakota State University, that being to eventually get his college degree. Tyrone graduates this weekend.
He is in the process of starting a new job working with Denver area youth so he cannot walk across the stage in person, but that does not diminish the pride that Tyrone should have in his accomplishment — it is a big deal, and a classy thing to do.
But Tyrone always handled himself well here. He was a terrific player in Denver’s defensive backfield from 1987-93, and after a brief hiatus away from the Mile High City again from 1995-99. That’s 12 years with the Broncos and 13 pro seasons overall, a very impressive career for a player who was the 334th overall selection of the 1987 draft, the 12th and final choice by the Broncos.
Tyrone was listed as 5-11, 185 and had average speed. Many would say he was too short, too light and too slow—until the game began.
Tyrone Braxton was all player, all the time.
He had 34 interceptions for the Broncos (fourth best in team history), including nine in 1996 (tied for third best team single season total ever), and his career return yardage of 614 is still fourth best all-time.
But it is all about winning, and here is the biggest stat of all about Tyrone Braxton.
While Braxton was playing at North Dakota State the Bison won three national championships.
During his years with the Broncos Denver won two world championships, two other AFC championships, and the Broncos lost an AFC title game at Buffalo in 1991.
So he played for teams that played for championships eight times, winning seven, in his combined college and pro career.
Maybe Tyrone was not big, but those stats sure sound big to me.
And he was a stand-up guy for my public relations department for every day of his career. He always answered the press questions, in good times and in bad — he praised his teammates and took the blame if it happened to fall on his shoulders.
He was a real example for the younger guys.
Tyrone Braxton stood tall in that locker room, and I offer him deepest congratulations on his latest accomplishment of earning his college degree.
|05-14-2010, 01:34 PM||#2|
How about some Tapenade!
Join Date: Oct 2004
Location: The Coaches Cradle...Eastern Illinois University
Was not a big Braxton fan on the field but kudos to him for fulfilling his promise and getting his degree.
|05-14-2010, 01:51 PM||#5|
Join Date: Feb 2009
Location: Steamboat Springs
He actually lives across the street from my mom. Cool guy, and really nice.
Nobody puts Jay-bee in the corner.
|05-14-2010, 01:55 PM||#6|
Ring of Famer
Join Date: Apr 2001
Location: colorado springs, co
E-Mail News Alerts
Get breaking news and daily headlines.
Browse all e-mail newsletters
Related To Story
Tyrone Braxton Formally Charged In Drug Bust
POSTED: 8:10 am MST December 18, 2006
UPDATED: 2:09 pm MST December 18, 2006
AURORA, Colo. -- Former Denver Broncos defensive back Tyrone Braxton was in court Monday on drug charges.
Braxton was formally charged with one felony count of possession of a Schedule II controlled substance, one count of patronizing a prostitute and one count of possession of one ounce or less of marijuana.
Braxton has told The Associated Press he was doing marijuana and cocaine on the day he was arrested on Dec. 2.
He has since issued a public apology, and said Aurora police actually did him a favor in forcing him to deal with his drug problem.
He's due in court again on Jan. 24.
Braxton was a starter on both of the Broncos' Super Bowl championship teams.
•December 5, 2006: Braxton Admits To Drug Problem
•December 4, 2006: Former Broncos Player Arrested On Drug Charge
Copyright 2006 by TheDenverChannel.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
|05-14-2010, 02:00 PM||#8|
I WANT DEFENSE!
Join Date: Dec 2002
Location: Always Hoping
Liked Braxton, a good utility player that contributed to the team. Congrats to him for achieving this goal and turning his life around.
|05-14-2010, 02:18 PM||#9|
Join Date: Jul 2009
Good for him, he was part of the championships, and I am grateful for his hard work. I'm glad he seems to have his life back together.
Didn't someone here note the sale of one of his superbowl rings on eBay a couple of years ago?
|05-14-2010, 02:46 PM||#10|
6-37, Raider fans.
Join Date: Aug 2004
Location: Ceti Alpha V
One of coolest and also ugliest Broncos. He seems to have really turned his life around. Good for him.

BOCA RATON, FL (BocaNewsNow.com) — If you shop at the Loggers Run Publix at 7060 Palmetto Park Road, keep your purse zipped when you're not using your wallet.
That's the lesson a local woman learned the hard way.
The Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office says the woman apparently paid for a prescription with her wallet, then realized it was missing just ten minutes later when she went to check out. She admits to not zipping her purse as she continued to shop throughout the store.
No word yet if detectives have reviewed security camera video. No arrests — or even suspects — at this point.
BocaNewsNow.com is the leading site for news and information based in Boca Raton, Florida. We have surpassed one million page views.
Posting comments? Note that ip addresses are logged and may, at the discretion of the publisher, be shared with law enforcement in unique situations.
For advertising information or to submit news tips, please email news(at)BocaNewsNow.com.
BocaNewsNow(TM) is a Trademark of MetroDesk Media, LLC. The name may not be used without express written permission.

Jennifer Woods is the goddess divine behind the blog, "Climbing My Family Tree" and she is the reason I've been introduced to you all. I wanted to start my way down this genealogical path and when I started my blog she told me about Geneabloggers and told me to get my butt over there and recommend my blog. What wonderful advice that was and I will forever be thankful.
Jenn is more than another genea-blogger to me. We go back to 1997-ish when we were both stationed in San Antonio, TX. She was in the Air Force and I was in the Army but I was still lucky enough to work with her. San Antonio was great for the both of us. It's where she married her hubby and where I met mine. Great times, great friends! Gosh time flies as we get older. It seems like yesterday!
She makes me so jealous! Her blog is not only informative and fun to read, but so creative and beautifully laid out! When I grow up, I want to be more like her :)
I know many of my followers have also been following Jenn's "Climbing My Family Tree", but if you haven't I suggest you head on over and check her out. You will not be disappointed!
Next week another excellent blog by another dear friend that just started blogging!

ORLANDO, Fla. — Cleveland Cavaliers guard Anthony Parker has closely followed coverage of the death of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed black teenager shot Feb. 26 by a neighborhood crime-watch volunteer.
With the Cavaliers playing Friday about 30 miles from the site of the shooting, Parker used his Twitter account Thursday to voice frustration over the handling of the case with these two Tweets:
• "Staying away from wearing hoodies in gated communities here in Orlando," Parker wrote in reference to Martin's attire at the time of his death. "Don't want anymore victims of 'self defense'. #TrayvonMartin"
• "Let the judge and jury decide on self defense. Unbelievable that no arrest has been made. #TrayvonMartin."
Others around the NBA joined the chorus Friday in calling attention to the case. Players from the Miami Heat -- including former Cavalier LeBron James -- and New York Knicks expressed strong opinions.
The Heat's Dwyane Wade posted a picture of himself from a previous photo shoot wearing a hooded sweat shirt to his Twitter and Facebook pages. On his Twitter account, James linked a photo of the Heat team, all wearing hoodies, their heads bowed. Meanwhile, Knicks star Amar'e Stoudemire encouraged players to wear hoodies during pregame warm-ups around the league.
Stoudemire -- a central Florida native -- arrived for his team's game in Toronto wearing a hooded sweater. Stoudemire also wore a gray hoodie while working out long before tip-off.
Several Heat players, including Wade and James, took the floor Friday night with messages such as "RIP Trayvon Martin" and "We want justice" scrawled on their sneakers.
There were no signs of demonstration or protest Friday night in Amway Center, where the Cavaliers faced the Orlando Magic. But members of the Cavaliers were willing to answer questions about Trayvon, killed in nearby Sanford, Fla., while returning to a gated community, carrying candy and iced tea. A neighborhood crime-watch volunteer, George Zimmerman, said he acted in self-defense. He has not been arrested, though authorities are still investigating.
"It makes no sense that somebody can shoot somebody dead and walk away with no problems," said Parker, 36, the club's National Basketball Players Association representative. "Even with a police officer, they would be looking into it; there would be a trial or he wouldn't have a gun or he would be suspended for a while, or at least until the thing got resolved. [Zimmerman] is free, still has a gun."
Parker is glad NBA players are using Twitter and Facebook to speak out on a story attracting national attention.
"I think it's using social media for good and for raising awareness for things you are passionate about," Parker said. "As a predominantly African-American league, this is something we should have a voice on."
Cavaliers coach Byron Scott cited the protests popping up and is concerned with the growing unrest.
"Hopefully, the police are gathering evidence and information to do something about it very soon so the people in Florida can be put at [ease]," Scott said. "I know there is an uproar right now, and with each day, it's getting worse and worse. You've got to have faith in the police department that they will get something done. Hopefully. The man who did this, if it wasn't justified, has to pay for this."
Scott was playing for the Los Angeles Lakers in 1992 when that city erupted into violence after a jury acquitted four L.A. police officers -- three white and one Hispanic -- accused in the videotaped beating of black motorist Rodney King. Scott recalls walking out of The Forum on April 29 after a playoff game and into the "chaos."
"If it gets out of hand, it sets us . . . it almost sets us back as a people," Scott said. "Then, all of a sudden you start talking about race again. That's something I'm hoping, and I think a lot of people are hoping, we can get past that. But it keeps going back to that, and the longer this thing lasts -- just like it did in L.A. at that particular time -- the worse it gets."
Parker lives in Tampa during the off-season, and he worries about the impact of the controversial "Stand Your Ground" law -- which allows a person wide latitude to use deadly force rather than retreat during a fight -- at the heart of the case. Florida is one of 21 states that have the law on their books.
"The law is OK in the spirit it's intended, but you give people the ability to say, 'Oh, this guy is suspicious, and if this guy turns around and says something to me or I don't like him or I'm fearful, I can shoot him,' " Parker said. "Wait a minute. That's not the spirit of the law.
"If 'suspicious' people get the short end of the stick, then you are going to get injustice like we are seeing here. What is suspicious? A young black youth wearing a hoodie even though it's raining. Is that suspicious? I don't know."
Wade and James were in Orlando participating in the All-Star Game the night of the shooting.
"This situation hit home for me because last Christmas, all my oldest son wanted as a gift was hoodies," Wade told the Associated Press on Friday from Auburn Hills, Mich. "So when I heard about this a week ago, I thought of my sons. I'm speaking up because I feel it's necessary that we get past the stereotype of young, black men and especially with our youth."
The NBPA released a statement Friday regarding the case:
"The National Basketball Players Association (NBPA) offers its condolences to the family and loved ones of Trayvon Martin in their time of need. The NBPA is saddened and horrified by the tragic murder of Mr. Martin and joins in the chorus of calls from across the nation for the prompt arrest of George Zimmerman. The reported facts surrounding Mr. Zimmerman's actions indicate a callous disregard for Mr. Martin's young life and necessitate that he stand trial. The NBPA also calls for the permanent resignation of Sanford Chief of Police Bill Lee and a full review of the Sanford Police Department, for dereliction of duty and racial bias in this matter and others. Their silence in the face of this injustice is reprehensible and they cannot be trusted to safeguard the citizens of the Sanford community equally."
Material from the Associated Press was used in this story.

ATHENS - Georgia guard Chris Burnette is likely out for spring practice after having shoulder surgery.
Burnette, who will be a senior next season, told a Twitter follower on Wednesday that he tore his labrum. That kind of injury typically results in missing several months of football activity.
"Thanks everybody for the prayers. Shoulder is feeling better already. Long road to recovery but I'll be back and better than ever!" Burnette posted on his account.
Burnette is a two-year starter at right guard for Georgia, and a heavy favorite to start again in 2013. The surgery should not affect his ability to be ready for preseason practice.
Update: Burnette's surgery is desribed as left shoulder surgery to repair a torn labrum, according to UGA. Team spokesman Claude Felton confirmed that Burnette will miss spring practice, but a full recovery is "anticipated" for the start of the 2013 season, according to athletic trainer Ron Courson.
The only other surgery on the team is freshman receiver recruit Tramel Terry, who had ACL surgery last month.

Jonny Evans has shrugged off worries about another injury, confirming his full fitness after a scare whilst on international duty for Northern Ireland.
Despite not playing for Manchester United's first team so far this season - although he did feature for 90 minutes as an overage player in the Under-21s - Evans was thrust into Michael O’Neill’s side for the World Cup qualifying defeat to Russia on Friday.
The 25 year-old, who had surgery in the summer, limped off at half-time but managed to play the full match having had a heavier strapping applied during the interval. Fortunately, the Reds defender came through unscathed.
“I have only played one reserve game for United this season after having the surgery in the summer so, to be honest, it was just good to get back on the pitch,” Evans told BBC Sport.
“But I felt my ankle after about five minutes. It was the same one I had surgery on in the summer but I got a heavier strap put on it and I was able to carry on for the second half.
“I was disappointed I felt pain so quickly in the game but if I am being honest, I always expected I would feel a little pain - just not that early.
“After a couple of painkillers it did feel a bit better and if anything I felt stronger as the game went on, but like I say, I had a heavier strapping on then.”
So far, Sir Alex Ferguson has navigated United’s opening fixtures of the new campaign with limited defensive resources and might have been concerned by Evans’ surprise return to international football.

I think it depends on what the reporter wants. In other words, READ and then REREAD the reporters instructions. If it is a gift guide, keep it simple. Product description/price/picture/website - send what the reporter requests.
If it is a story, do your research. Learn everything you can about the reporter and the outlet they are writing for. Taylor your response to what they are asking for. It also helps to be able to make a "human" connection in your response.
I do not respond to HARO requests unless I firmly believe I fit what the reporter is looking for. I usually spend a lot of time when I do respond and have had wonderful success. I have landed a monthly article featuring my business in Inventor`s Digest for next year and another feature that is still in process.

09/11/2012 - The balance of economic power is expected to shift dramatically over the next half century, with fast-growing emerging-market economies accounting for an ever-increasing share of global output, according to a new OECD report.
Divergent long-term growth patterns lead to radical shifts in the relative size of economies. The United States is expected to cede its place as the world's largest economy to China, as early as 2016. India’s GDP is also expected to pass that of the United States over the long term. Combined, the two Asian giants will soon surpass the collective economy of the G7 nations. Fast-ageing economic heavyweights, such as Japan and the euro area, will gradually lose ground on the global GDP table to countries with a younger population, like Indonesia and Brazil (see chart).
Looking to 2060: A Global Vision of Long-term Growth uses a new model for projecting growth in the 34 OECD members and 8 major non-OECD G20 economies over the next 50 years. The report forecasts global economic growth of 3 percent annually, with sharp differences between the emerging-market economies, which are expected to grow at a much faster pace, and the advanced countries, which will likely grow at slower and often declining rates. Cross-country GDP per capita differences mainly reflect differences in technology levels, capital intensity, human capital and skills.
"The economic crisis we have been living with for the past five years will eventually be overcome, but the world our children and grandchildren inherit may be starkly different from ours," said OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurría. "As the largest and fastest-growing emerging countries fully assume a more prominent place in the global economy, we will face new challenges to ensure a prosperous and sustainable world for all. Education and productivity will be the main drivers of future growth, and should be policy priorities worldwide.
The shifting balance of long-term global output will lead to corresponding improvements in living standards, with income per capita expected to more than quadruple in the poorest countries by 2060. The increase could even be seven-fold in China and India. With these gains, the gap that currently exists in living standards between emerging-markets and advanced economies will have narrowed by 2060.
But large cross-country differences will persist. China will see more than a seven-fold increase in per capita income over the coming half century, but living standards will still only be 60% of that in the leading countries in 2060. India will experience similar growth, but its per capita income will only be about 25% of that in advanced countries.
"None of these forecasts are set in stone," Mr. Gurría said. "We know that bold structural reforms can boost long-term growth and living standards in advanced and emerging-market economies alike."
OECD research shows that wide-ranging labour and product market reforms could raise long-term living standards by an average of 16% over the next 50 years relative to the baseline scenario, which only assumes moderate policy improvements.
>> For further information, journalists should contact the OECD Media Office (email@example.com; +33 1 45 24 97 00).

The School of Art and Design requires all applicants to the Bachelor of Fine Arts degree program to submit a portfolio for review. This evaluation is conducted by the art faculty and is designed to ensure that all students entering the program have certain basic competencies and abilities. These skills are essential in enabling students to obtain the highest caliber professional training in the visual arts.
Please download the forms below:Art & Design BFA Entrance Application
2013-2014 Art and Design Scholarship Application for Incoming and Transfer Students
This document contains detailed instructions to assist you in preparing your portfolio. Please follow the instructions carefully. Any missing information or material will delay the processing of your application. We recommend that you work with your art teacher or other instructors and seek their advice and counsel as you prepare your portfolio.
Since WVU operates on a rolling admissions basis, we strongly recommend applying for the portfolio review at the earliest possible date. Students who are applying for a Fine Arts Scholarship or other scholarships should complete the scholarship application forms and they must accompany the portfolio.
We will notify the student and the Office of Admissions and Records of the results of the portfolio review. Once you have been admitted, you will also receive information on the scheduling of classes. Students who do not meet the standards for entrance into the Visual Arts Program will be enrolled in the General Studies Program at West Virginia University and will be notified of this action by the School of Art and Design and the Office of Admissions and Records.

about nand flash via ccs & emulator!
yhlshareware at 126.com
Thu Sep 18 23:23:25 CDT 2008
When I used the CCS & XDS560 emulator & nand_programmer.out to burn ubl & u-boot into my new nand flash (Sumsung 128MB k9k 1g 08u 0m ), It can not get success. I got an error (all is bad block).
Please give me some help. Thanks.
Best Regards & Thanks
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
More information about the Davinci-linux-open-source

All fields are required.
Remember me on this computer
Please enter your email address and we will send your password
Your password has been sent and should arrive in your mailbox very soon.
Not a member?
It's free and easy.
Joined Date: Mar 01, 2013
Reviewed Royal Icing
"This recipe worked wonderfully. I found the pasteurized egg whites in a little carton by the eggs at my grocery store.
To use for a FLOODING technique, like with cookies: I added three tablespoons of water at the end and this was perfect."

The left is abuzz with Steve Clemon's latest at the Washington Note detailing indictments:
Unless his "uber-insider" is Patrick Fitzgerald I would take this all with a grain of salt. That being said, the comments go out into la-la land. They assume that the 5 include Libby, Rove, Cheney, Bolton, and possibly the President himself, despite the Constituational issues that obviously brings up.Indictments Coming Tomorrow; Targets Received Letters Today
An uber-insider source has just reported the following to TWN (since confirmed by another independent source):1. 1-5 indictments are being issued. The source feels that it will be towards the higher end.
2. The targets of indictment have already received their letters.
3. The indictments will be sealed indictments and "filed" tomorrow.
4. A press conference is being scheduled for Thursday.
The shoe is dropping.
Here then comes my predictions:
- Rove? No indictment.
- Libby? 50/50, but only if there's something Fitz knows that we haven't seen yet.
- Fleischer? Possible, but doubtful.
- Tenet? Not likely
- Cheney? Bush? LOL not in a million years.
- Hadley (NSA advisor)? 50/50
- Harlow (CIA press spokesman)? Not likely
- Colin Powell? Wouldnt that be interesting? Probably not though.
- Bolton? No... If Bolton were liable to be indicted he never would have been fought so hard for UN amabassador.
- Russert (NBC)? No
- Miller (NYT)? No
- Pincus (WaPo)? No
- Corn (The Nation)? 10% just to keep things interesting
- Wilson? 50/50 What did Fitz call him for on the 29th?
- Plame? 25% Maybe less
Tom Maguire at JustOneMinute is the expert on this bar none. His latest post is his predictions . I have to say I pretty much agree with him. Libby could be indicted. Tradesports is running 80% for a Libby indictment.
If you've got several hundred hours, just keep scrolling through Tom's archives in the comments. You'll see more analysis (and more neutral at that! -ed) than you'll ever see in the New York Times, or the Washington Post.

By James Bruggers, USA TODAY
For much of the 20th century, carbon tetrachloride was regarded as a miracle chemical: It was used to put out fires, degrease machines, kill bugs, dry-clean clothing and even help stamp collectors detect forgeries.
From the mid-1960s through the mid-1980s, most of those uses were discontinued for health and safety reasons. Then came what appeared to be the final blow: Thirteen years ago, carbon tetrachloride and other chemicals that were eating up the
FULL COVERAGE: Toxic Air and America's Schools
Despite all of these efforts to eliminate carbon tetrachloride — classified by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as a probable human carcinogen and known to damage the liver, kidneys and brain — it still shows up at elevated levels around the world, scientists say. That's a testament, they say, to its past widespread use and its tough-as-nails persistence.
USA TODAY found it outside 70 of 95 schools in 30 states it monitored for a week last fall as part of its "Smokestack Effect" series, yet there were no obvious industrial sources to explain the readings. And in recent years, as more communities and the EPA have taken greater stock of the toxic chemicals found in the air we breathe, carbon tetrachloride accounts for 12% to 15% of cancer risks from toxic chemicals in some places. And those are risks that will not be going away soon.
"Carbon tet," as it is often called, is not alone. Many substances that once were building blocks of our modern world — PCBs, lead, chlorofluorocarbons — have hung on in the environment, long after their dangers were recognized and governments acted against them.
Allen Robinson, a
Some carbon tetrachloride wafts up from inside landfills, says Kenneth
Carbon tetrachloride released into the air can be expected "to stick around about 50 years," he adds. "The fact that you still find it in the air is not that surprising." What has happened, Mitchell says, is that atmospheric circulation mixes carbon tetrachloride into air throughout the world, creating a fairly steady level globally.
Elevated levels across the USA
Carbon tet shows up in approximately the same concentrations — levels that could produce between one and 100 additional cancer cases among 1 million people over a lifetime of exposure — at monitors across the nation, Robinson says. That's what he and his colleagues found when they compared levels documented at monitors in Pittsburgh and
Those same elevated levels are what the University of Louisville has measured since 2000 at several monitors in Louisville. There has been no decline in carbon tet levels in Louisville during that time, even though the EPA shows no reported industrial releases of the chemical in the area since 1990, when one company reported 2 pounds of emissions. City officials say dry cleaners haven't used carbon tet since at least 1992.
USA TODAY found similar levels — enough to produce four to 70 additional cancer cases among 1 million people — outside the 70 schools, and experts emphasize the risks are not unique to American schools. The carbon tet detected near the schools reflects background levels found nearly everywhere. "It really is a global pollutant," Robinson says.
It's not the only chemical that's been banned or tightly controlled that hangs around, like a visiting relative who overstays his welcome.
Production of polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs, used in electrical equipment, paints, plastics and hundreds of other industrial applications, was banned in the 1970s. Yet they linger, too, moving through the world's food web. Mitchell says people still can be exposed to PCBs by eating contaminated fish and shellfish, ingesting contaminated breast or cow's milk and breathing indoor air in buildings where electrical equipment still contains PCBs.
Another example of a stubborn toxic substance is lead. Although it's no longer allowed in car or truck fuel or in many paint products, lead can be picked up from soil near homes or roads or from drinking water in old lead pipes, Mitchell says.
Carbon tet is a clear, sweet-smelling liquid that easily evaporates, so most that has escaped into the environment is found as a gas, according to a chemical profile by the U.S. Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry.
The EPA says the chemical's primary purpose was to make chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), which were used as refrigerants and propellants and were the key target of the Montreal Protocol, enacted in 1987. Production of carbon tet peaked in the early 1970s, the EPA says.
It has been banned in consumer products such as spot cleaners since at least 1973, according to the
"You can't buy it anymore," says Leland Bell, a retired Louisville chemist who has collected stamps for 70 years, since he was an elementary school student. He recalls how it helped reveal authenticating watermarks. "You'd put the stamp facedown in a little black tray, and put a few drops of carbon tetrachloride on," he says. "We really didn't give it much thought."
But, he adds, "it's a potent chemical. We're really good at using something without really knowing" the consequences.
The risk it presents, she says, is somewhat less than the chemical constituents of motor vehicle tailpipe emissions, like benzene, a known carcinogen. "There are many other concerns that I feel are more pressing, like traffic-related pollution, particulate matter, ozone (and) some of the other air toxics," she says. But carbon tet is among the thousands of chemicals that people are exposed to every day, she says. "You breathe it in," she says, "and it's absorbed. It's going to get into your body."
'You can't do anything about' it
The risks can add up.
The Pittsburgh study found carbon tet accounted for as much as 12% of Pittsburgh residents' cancer risks from the toxic air pollutants it studied and concluded that there was really nothing air officials could do to reduce the risks. People will just have to wait for the risks to fall slowly over time under the Montreal Protocol, the study said.
In Louisville, a health-risk assessment in 2003 concluded that carbon tet, among the dozens of chemicals studied, was responsible for up to 15% of Louisville residents' cancer risks.
The city responded by writing carbon tet into its program to reduce air toxics. The move was taken as a precaution in case any of the city's chemical plants were to start emitting carbon tet in the future, says Lauren
Typically, Louisville's air agency goes after chemicals that can produce more than one additional cancer death in 1 million people. But, Anderson says, there's nothing that local officials can do about the carbon tet already in Louisville's air, so her agency focuses on reducing the unhealthful emissions of other chemicals. "Why worry about something you can't do anything about?" she asks.
Under the Montreal Protocol, developing countries still have until next year to stop production of the chemical, says Tom Land, an EPA official who helps run the agency's stratospheric-ozone protection programs.
For the United States and other industrialized nations, the deadline was 1996. The treaty, however, did not ban the chemical outright, Land says. The fine print left open the possibility that some carbon tet production could continue in the USA.
"You can make it, and then turn it into something else," Land says, adding that its use is tightly controlled.
U.S. companies reported they emitted 165,000 pounds of carbon tet in 2007, the most recent year for which the numbers are available through the EPA's Toxics Release Inventory. That compares with 3.5 million pounds emitted 20 years ago.
The largest single air emission source in 2007 was the
The company uses it to make chlorosulfonated polyethylene, a synthetic rubber material in applications like automotive hoses and gaskets, company spokeswoman Cathy Branciaroli said.
She adds that since 2000 the plant has reduced its carbon tetrachloride emissions by 40% and now recycles more than 99% of the chemical.
For Jane Williams, chair of the
Bruggers covers the environment for The (Louisville) Courier-Journal and courier-journal.com.
Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more.

Hidh speed photometry - is the AID ready for this?
As Brian Warner pointed out recently, the 2012 proceedings from SAS/AAVSO (Big Bear, CA) are available at:
One article of note: High Time Resolution Astronomy or High Speed Photometry
by Gary A. Vander Haagen (pg. 165).
High speed photometry can create millions of data points in one night. Is the AAVSO International Database ready to accept such large data streams? Or will we leave the raw data with the researchers, and wait for the published papers?

Directory of Centers - Southcentral
Aldo Leopold Foundation
- Continues the work and teachings of Aldo Leopold.
- Aldo Leopold Nature Center
- ALNC's mission is to teach love, respect, and admiration for the land in
the spirit of Wisconsin's premier conservationist, Aldo Leopold.
Bethel Horizons Nature Center
- Bethel Horizons consists of 460 acres of diverse plant and animal communities
ideally situated adjacent to Governor Dodge State Park.
- Cherokee Marsh
- Cherokee Marsh is the most diverse of all nature study areas with a mosaic of
wetlands, southern Wisconsin woodlots, old fields, restored prairie
and oak savanna, two glacial drumlins and the Yahara River.
GroundWorks at Troy Gardens - Grow your own food in the organic
community gardens provided, play and learn in the Kids' Garden or
even explore the prairie in this 31-acre Community Garden.
Dane County Parks
Dane County Lussier Family Heritage Center
- A Multi-use educational and interpretive facility providing
opportunities for youth and adult learning, volunteerism, outdoor
recreation, and special events.
- Henry Vilas Zoo
- Dane County's free zoo is nestled in the heart of madison and open
year-round. Spend time with your family while exploring nature. Live
animal presentations available year-round.
- International Crane Foundation
- The International Crane Foundation (ICF) works worldwide to conserve
cranes and the wetland and grasslands communities on which they
MacKenzie Environmental Center
- The center features an exhibit of live Wisconsin wildlife,
self-guided hikes and trails, museums, a fire tower, a picnic area
and much more.
Madison Children's Museum
- Madison's only hands-on museum devoted to kids!
Madison City Conservation Parks
- Links to park-related web pages.
MMSD - Jackson School Forest
- The 287 acre Madison School Forest includes the Olson Oak Woods
State Natural Area, a prime example of a Wisconsin southern dry
forest with remnants of pre-settlement days.
Olbrich Botanical Gardens
A spectacular tropical conservatory is open for year-round
enjoyment, 14 acres of outdoor specialty gardens, and a botanical
center -- it's all here at the Gardens.
Outdoor Learning Center - A 330-acre year-round retreat center,
camp and environmental education center nestled between the sandstone formations and Wisconsin River of the upper Dells.
- Explore the opportunities for nature appreciation, environmental
education, and ecological research at this web site and at the
U.W. Geology Museum
- The museum displays minerals, rocks, fossils, a 6-foot globe, and a
walk-through model of a Wisconsin limestone cave.
Environmental Learning Network chart is a comprehensive chart of
all the resources listed above.
Nature Net Search Engine to locate programs for just the subject
and grade level you need. Check out which Nature Net centers teach
students about your favorite nature topic!
Nature Net is a proud member of the
No Child Left Inside
to connect kids with outdoor nature experiences
Copyright © 1997- Aldo Leopold Nature Center
All Rights Reserved.
Web Presence by Thunder Ridge, Inc.

Asus posts patch for Prime random reboot bug
Tablet's auto-restart glitch fixed
Asus UK has posted a firmware update for its Android tablet, the Eee Pad Transformer Prime.
The new code fixes the fondleslab's "random reboot problem", the company claimed.
This glitch has tried the patience of a fair few Prime owners, and we wonder if it was one of the factors that persuaded UK retailer Clove to cease offering the product.
Clove wouldn't give explicit reasons when asked, but by this point the Prime's poor GPS pick-up had been addressed through a software patch released earlier this year. ®
The ICS download was 184.108.40.206 (17th Jan) - that's the one that introduced the random reboot bug. Tthe update out today is 220.127.116.11 and should solve it, according to reports over at XDA. If you've not had 18.104.22.168 OTA yet, it's worth hanging onto your Prime for another 24 hours as it should improve quite a few things about the device.
No sign of the OTA update on mine as yet. :(
My reboots have been few and far between - usually when I'md demanding more of the tab graphically, or in performance mode.
Well, it wasn't fixed for me.Neither the early patch, nor the ICS download. So mines 'Return to Sender' until I have definite, beyond doubt, that it's fixed. Pity, it was a very pretty piece of kit
Just checked for fw updates on my Prime and nothing through as yet... Asus being a bit "premature" again?
No real problems here.
This to me sounds like noise made on behalf of companies yet to announce a quad-core product (or 5-core if you want to get technical about the Prime's abilities).
I think I may have had one reboot what it was on and I wasn't watching it, but it's never rebooted infront of me. Still it's nice to see Asus supporting their customers in a prompt and responsive manner. Shouldn't the media be focusing on that, rather than trying to dig up any old shit to beat them up over?

I finally finished up the May block for my bee; A Notion or Two. Jenny sent fabric from Darlene Zimmerman's Dear Betty line and the only instruction she gave us was to make a finished block measuring 14" x 14" highlighting hexagons as the theme.
Having never done any hexagon work before, I just printed off the first template I found on the internet. I think the template was for a 1" hexagon. 342 hexagons later, I've finally finished it up. I really hope Jenny likes it because this may be the last time I can touch a hexagon for a long long LONG time!!!

DETROIT - DTE Energy today announced plans to install an
additional 450,000 advanced electric meters and gas
modules by the end of 2013, including 120,000 in Ann
Arbor and Washtenaw County.
More than 1 million DTE Energy customers will have the
technology by the end of next year.
The technology provides the backbone for DTE Energy's
smart circuit infrastructure, which will allow electric
customers to communicate with the company, provide
detailed information about their energy usage and
recognize power outages without customer input.
The meters incorporate technology that will allow them to
be read remotely and provide a wide range of optional
benefits to customers, as well as operational savings
through increased efficiencies to DTE Energy.
"Our advanced metering program will provide our customers
with new technology that is both safe and secure," said
Vince Dow, DTE Energy vice president, Distribution
Operations. "This technology will allow us to quickly
locate and reduce the length of power outages and other
problems, virtually eliminate estimated bills through
automated meter reading and remotely connect and
disconnect service, which means faster, less intrusive
The digital meter technology will serve as a platform
that will provide remote monitoring of the electric
distribution system and allow customers to better manage
their energy usage and bills.
About 650,000 advanced meters have been installed, mostly
in Oakland County communities.
DTE Energy will begin installing about 120,000 advanced
meters this month in Ann Arbor, Ypsilanti and Ypsilanti
Township, then move to Ann Arbor Township and Barton
Hills in March. Work will begin in Dexter, Dexter
Township and Scio Township in April, and in Saline,
Saline Township, Superior Township and Whitmore Lake in
May. Residents in Chelsea, Manchester, Milan and York
Township will see new meters beginning in June.
Future installation areas will be announced as
Other customer benefits are many:
· Manual meter reading is eliminated,
which means vastly fewer estimated bills and improved
· Provides customers with online
access to their individual energy usage
· Allows remote turn-on/turn-off and
reconnect/disconnect capabilities without the wait for a
· Theft and tamper detection
· New products and rate options
Customers will benefit because the company will know, to
an individual meter, the extent of a power outage and how
best to respond to that outage.
DTE Energy (NYSE:DTE) is a Detroit-based diversified
energy company involved in the development and management
of energy-related businesses and services nationwide. Its
operating units include Detroit Edison, an electric
utility serving 2.1 million customers in Southeastern
Michigan, MichCon, a natural gas utility serving 1.2
million customers in Michigan and other non-utility,
energy businesses focused on gas storage and pipelines,
unconventional gas production, power and industrial
projects, and energy trading. Information about DTE
Energy is available at dteenergy.com,
For further information, members of the media may
Scott Simons, (313) 235-8808, firstname.lastname@example.org
Len Singer, (313) 235-8809, email@example.com

Commission orders Rude be officially terminated as city employeePublished 7:00am Wednesday, January 27, 2010
An Austin police commission on Monday officially ordered that Curt Rude be terminated as a city employee.
This came four days after the three-member Austin Police Civil Service Commission convened to hear arguments for and against retaining the former police captain.
Ultimately, the commission’s unanimous decision was simple — because Rude’s license was revoked by a state agency Dec. 28, a result of his November felony drug conviction, the police department can’t employ him, the commission stated in its written report.
Rude, who had not been served with the termination order as of Tuesday afternoon, said during Thursday’s hearing that the city should afford him more time because he was looking at possibly appealing the revocation and getting his license back.
The former captain said he had been in contact with the Minnesota Peace Officer Standards and Training Board, which handles officer licensure in the state, regarding a possible appeal. Rude added that he expected to learn more about his fate within two weeks.
A POST Board official said in an e-mail that he was “limited” in what he could discuss regarding the case. The official did not respond to a subsequent request for more information.
Rude said he was optimistic that he could get his license back and work as an Austin cop again, perhaps even as the chief following Paul Philipp’s Jan. 31 retirement.
“I feel I have a lot left in my heart and soul,” Rude said to the commission Thursday. “Please consider my offer to continue serving in this department.”
However, the commission was limited by law to three days in responding to the case. The commission, which includes members Ron Howard, Douglas Myers and Belita Schindler, also wrote that Rude did not provide enough specific information on the status of his talks with the POST Board. The commission said the former captain did not provide any exact hearing dates, nor did he back up his claims with any legal evidence, since Rude represented himself and did not call anyone from the board to testify.
Rude was originally charged with felony theft and drug possession in November 2007 after he took two bottles of the prescription painkiller OxyContin prescribed to Mark Johnson from the Austin Police Department’s evidence room.
Johnson, a close friend of Rude’s and a former KAAL-TV reporter, died of an OxyContin overdose earlier that year.
He was found guilty of the drug charge in November 2009 by an Olmsted County jury, and a month later, Rude was sentenced to five years probation and 200 hours of community service.
The former captain’s criminal record will be clear of the felony if he abides by the terms of his probation.

Members of the much remembered classic quartet of Anthony Braxton and bandleaders in their own right, Mark Dresser and Gerry Hemingway are the first names we consider when asked to mention the best improvisers on their respective instruments, the double bass and the drum kit. Extraordinarily gifted musicians, innovators of defining and expanding the meaning of contemporary jazz, and being of wholly creative minds, Dresser and Hemingway are always capable of surprising us. On “The Beautiful Enabler” these two veterans of creative music join forces with the younger, but equally notable, saxophonist Rudresh Mahanthappa. His versatility and virtuosity combined with the depths of his multi-cultural roots (he was born in Italy to South Indian parents, raised in Colorado, educated in Boston and Chicago, now living in New York), justify his fame as a “rising star”. This CD is a fine example of empathy and group interaction, something only possible when the musicians involved are selflessly concerned with the musical results of the ensemble and not their own individual performances. While this is always considered to be the ultimate goal of jazz (which at its core defines itself as a collective music), it is generally not easily accomplished. How many times have great virtuosos been unsuccessful in creating a cohesive message with their musical partners in the ways displayed on this recording?
On this album, overcoming this ostensibly difficult task seems easy and natural, and this fact alone speaks volumes to the approach and outlook of this trio. In his liner notes, Dresser writes about “musical chemistry”, a notion that cannot simply be desired but perhaps can only arise under uniquely extraordinary circumstances. There is no recipe for this sense of gathering as its occurrence transcends skill and creativity and journeys into the realms of fraternity and humanity. It’s no wonder that the artists thought it was necessary to give this group a name of its own: Mauger is more than the combination of these three human beings; it's an entity in itself.

Click for more information or email for rate information.
- Wide exposure
Calling Cards - Save on long distance calls to over
250 countries with your choice of Notricks brand prepaid calling cards.
Internet Cafés and Call Shops - Internet Cafés and
Call Shops around the world use our services to offer their customers high
quality, low-cost phone calls worldwide. We provide a variety of hardware and
termination solutions that are affordable, customizable and easy to implement.
Website - http://www.notricks.com
email - email@example.com
Telephone - 800-717-0413
Web Pages designed to your specification
9707 Rodgers Road, Houston, Texas, 77070, USA
- Quick Turnaround
- Competitive Rates
- Web hosting available

Here’s a rare Dole coupon for you! Enter your email address to print a $0.75/1 Package of Dole Frozen Fruit Cups coupon!
This is a new product I think, so I don’t see it yet on Wegmans.com to get a price.
If you see a price in the stores, come back and let us know this deal!This post may contain an affiliate link. See my disclosure policy under "About" at the top of this site.

I'm Puffy too! Serious but fun-loving, you know there's a time for laughing and playing and a time for getting the job done and helping others. You are very loyal to friends and family and you love seeing people happy.
I know who I tolerate more..I'm more tolerant with Puffy, who doesn't drip drool, run into me at full speed, nibble my feet when I sit down, sit like a rock when I'm trying to walk him, chew on pine cones and leave the bits all over...but on the other hand Puffy can be a little prissy at times. But both of them are the best widdle babies.

Did Anibal Sanchez fit the profile of the likely no-hit pitcher? Yes. Sort of.
Rob Neyer reviews his least-accurate NL preseason picks and compares them to the projected end-of-the-season records.
If anybody gets elected to the Hall of Fame this year, the early returns say it'll in all likelihood be Bruce Sutter.

Hey party people! Today is the VERY LAST DAY to enter the Carl Brandon Society drawing! Want an eBook pre-loaded with delicious fic by people of color? ENTER NOW!
By entering, you’ll be supporting CBS’ Octavia Butler Memorial Scholarship, which helps to send two writers of color to the Clarion writers workshop. Honestly? This is the easiest bit of do-gooding you will see all week.

Leuka is my deaf dog. I adopted her after a nice lady rescued her from a shelter that was going to euthanize her just because she is deaf! Leuka is a great dog and proof that deaf dogs can lead happy, normal lives. Everyone that meets her loves her, and she loves them too! She is very attuned to body language, and has learned several hand signal commands already. I hope that one day Leuka and I can help to educate people on deaf dogs, help new owners train their dog, as well as help deaf dogs in shelters find homes more easily.

From the President's House by Karen Lawrence
I have just completed my first semester away at school. Of course, I have done this before, more years ago than I care to count, as a freshman at Smith College. It is true that this time I live in a beautiful house on campus rather than a dorm room, but I have found that the first semester of a college presidency bears some similarity to the first semester as an undergraduate, exhilarating and a bit daunting at the same time. It is tremendously exciting to land in the midst of the vibrant intellectual atmosphere one will call home, yet leaving behind the familiar means taking on a new role, even a new persona (it feels odd to be recognized on the street in Bronxville or to express a wish and have someone carry it out!). To be entrusted with the welfare of Sarah Lawrence College and those who serve it, to help set the tone and steer the course of this extraordinary institution, is a humbling experience. And there is no place Iâd rather be.
Since moving into the Presidentâs House on campus at the end of July, I have enjoyed a wonderful education. Before the faculty and students arrived in September, a series of 11 breakfasts at the house with the SLC staff taught me how work gets done at the College. I learned just how much the distinctive mission and pedagogy of Sarah Lawrence is embraced by almost every single person employed at the College. People often ask me what has impressed me most in my first months as president. It is this commitment to the pedagogy that is woven so deeply into the fabric of the campus.
Through a series of small dinner parties with students and faculty, I have had the opportunity to learn about the pleasures and challenges of life at Sarah Lawrence. My goal is to have all 365 first-year students over for dinner at the Presidentâs House, as well as all of the regular faculty. Although I worry about that proverbial âfreshman 15â creeping on, these occasions have already helped me gain an inside view of the academics on our campus. I now understand how the seminar and conference system truly fulfills the promise of liberal arts colleges to teach their students how to think and how to establish patterns for lifelong learning. This handmade approach to education is both our greatest strength and our greatest challenge to maintain, since it is labor intensive and, therefore, expensive. Nothing is more important then maintaining our distinctive pedagogy. Another challenge is to continue developing new areas of the curriculum necessary for an education in the 21st century. We must nourish the Deweyan experimental spiritâa deep principle on which the College was founded.
To both maintain our strengths and renew this spirit of experimentalism, we are embarking on a long-term planning process that will include all of those who have built the College into what it is today. Students, faculty, staff, trustees, and alumnae/i will discuss ways of preserving what is so distinctive about SLC and keeping it educationally innovative. Building on our existing committee structures, we will begin the process of planning and conducting an open dialogue about the Collegeâs development over the next five to 10 years and how we can enhance the academic and social life of the campus.
The final, and crucial, piece of my first-semester tutelage has come from my meetings with the Board of Trustees and the alumnae/i and parents with whom I visit on my travels around the country. They are helping to provide the long view, the illustrious history of Sarah Lawrence and the optimistic but challenging future faced by all liberal arts colleges, including SLC. How can liberal arts colleges adjust to the changing demographics in the country, in the wake of the tapering educational âboomâ from the children of baby boomers? How can we stem the rising tide of tuition, which threatens to price our college out of reach of many middle-income, as well as lower-income students? And, for Sarah Lawrence in particular, how can we compete with other institutions that possess the rich endowments to replace loans with grants? How can we continue to spend one of the highest percentages of tuition dollars on the classroom experience and also provide living quarters and social spaces that can house both private study and spontaneous interaction for our students?
In planning our future, we will need to address these issues. We need alumnae/i and parents to be involved in our efforts, with advice and financial support. Iâd also like to extend an invitation to you to return to campusâitâs the best way to update your knowledge of this extraordinary college and to reaffirm why so many generations of SLC students feel that their educations have transformed their lives.

FLOWERY BRANCH – Real Falcons ‘fans’ need to step up and send thank you cards to new Jacksonville coach Mike Mularkey.
What he was able to achieve in his four years of unprecedented success in franchise history should be recognized. He doesn’t deserve having some rocks thrown at him on his way out of town.
Some of you, before disrespecting Mularkey, need to reflect and look at his unit’s accomplishments.
The Falcons had to build the offense from scratch, starting with a rookie quarterback, a rookie left tackle, a free agent running back and a new right guard.
The offense was the backbone of the teams that went 11-7, 9-7, 13-3 and 10-6 and made three trips to the playoffs. The good folks of Cleveland and Buffalo would throw parades if they could average double-digit wins.
Here’s more to reflect on about how the unit performed under Coach Mularkey:
–Ryan tied Hall of Fame quarterback Dan Marino for most wins over his first three seasons in the NFL.
–Michael Turner rushed for more than 1,300 yards in three seasons and went to two Pro Bowls.
–Roddy White led the league in receptions with 115 in 2010 and has gone to four straight Pro Bowls.
–Tony Gonzalez continued his march to Canton, Ohio.
–Turner broke the franchise record, in just four seasons, for most rushing touchdowns with 50.
–Ryan broke the single-season passing record with 4,177 yards.
–Ryan became just the second quarterback in franchise history to pass for more than 4,000 yards in a season.
–Ryan also set a franchise mark for 300-yard passing games in a season with six.
–The offensive line even started to get recognition as right tackle Tyson Clabo went to the Pro Bowl after the 2010 season.
–The line was a finalist in 2010 for John Madden’s “Most Valuable Protector’s Award” which goes to the top unit in the league.
There’s plenty more, but you get the point.
Some Falcons “fans” have a history of blasting the play caller. They didn’t like Dan Reeves’ offense (too conservative), then Greg Knapp’s attack (lack of structure) and now Mularkey’s (too conservative) unwarranted attacks. Bobby Petrino was here long enough and there were several other distractions.
Here’s the deal on playing calling. All of the plays will work if executed properly and everybody wins their battles. There are no bad plays.
You can’t blame the coordinator when your top receiver drops 14 passes (Roddy White last year). You can’t blame the coordinator when your line can’t get a big enough push to get six inches. You can’t blame the coordinator when the line can’t give the quarterback time enough to throw deep passes. (Ryan had to launch early on those two strikes against Houston to open the game.)
Those are not bad plays calls. That’s a failure to execute. But second-guessing the play caller is the easiest thing for fans to do.
Pro coaches spend so much time getting ready that there are rarely any just absolutely bad calls. You’ll
never see a goal-line defense on a third-and-long. (I mentioned that to Brian VanGorder and he said, “I got five kids to feed. Why would I do that?”)
I don’t preach or rant to you all often, so thanks for let me get this off my chest.
Also, I’ve got to wish Coach Mularkey good luck right here like I did in a couple phone messages.
–D. Orlando Ledbetter, The Atlanta Falcons beat blog

Monday, April 23, 2012
A little over three years ago, after Mike Manzo agreed to cooperate with then-Gubernatorial Candidate Tom Corbett, a Reliable Source told us about a curious provision in Manzo's plea agreement. In addition to the requirement that he speak about the alleged crimes of co-workers and colleagues, there was a requirement that he not speak about some alleged crimes of co-workers or colleagues.
The Source had never before heard of such a provision, and the Source was baffled. However, we were not, nor was anyone who witnessed prosecutors' panicked courtroom reaction to Manzo's October 2007 implication of his former boss, H. William DeWeese, in the bonus-for-campaign-work scheme.
Manzo's admission that DeWeese was involved in the scheme - while no surprise to anyone familiar with the structure of a legislative caucus - was big news for a few days. These were the innocent days when most Capitol-watchers believed that the arrest of DeWeese's second-in-command and a crew of staffers (along with an eventually-acquitted Democratic state Senate candidate, on non-bonus-related charges) was a preliminary to the indictment of DeWeese himself in the bonus scheme.
As DeWeese himself will trip over his own tongue to tell anyone and everyone, he never was charged in the bonus scheme, and Manzo never again publicly accused him.
The closest he came was after his sentencing on April 16, when Manzo said he was frustrated with others "who refused to step up to the plate and take responsibility," and acknowledged that he was speaking of DeWeese, among others. He also mocked blaming "the culture" of the Capitol. DeWeese famously blabbed to a grand jury that illegal electioneering was "part of the political culture on Capitol Hill."
Why would DeWeese make such an incriminating statement to a grand jury (which promptly indicted him on his admitted crime?) The answer lies in the prosecutors' panicked reaction to Manzo's testimony about DeWeese. Journalists covering the hearing made no mention of it, but the proceedings slammed to a temporary halt upon Manzo's accusation.
Corbett and his team didn't want Manzo accusing DeWeese in the bonus scheme because they'd already decided not to charge DeWeese in the bonus scheme. And DeWeese mistakenly believed Corbett's decision not to charge him on bonuses was some kind of blanket immunity. The folly of this decision became clearer about five months later, when even more damning evidence of DeWeese's involvement in the bonus scheme came to light. In a pre-trial motion filed a few months after that, Mike Veon's attorneys questioned why Veon was criminally charged and DeWeese was not, when Corbett possessed unequivocal evidence of DeWeese's involvement in the same activities.
Veon's question was dismissed as "finger pointing." And though the question remains officially unanswered (actually, unasked, aside from Veon's lawyers), it's clear that the reason is tied to DeWeese's 2007 negotiation with Corbett to turn over self-selected documents and release staff members to testify against Veon and others.
With DeWeese facing sentencing tomorrow on non-bonus-related charges as we're sure he'll make quite clear, there's still a chance for the public to question this glaring Corbett blunder.
Monday, April 16, 2012
Since Manzo was fired from state government five years ago, and most major felonies carry a five-year statute of limitations, we view the prosecutors' claims with skepticism. Most likely, their claims are simply a ploy to head off criticism of Manzo's sentence as too lenient.
If Tweets from the courtroom are to be believed, little emphasis was placed on Manzo's "star" testimony in the 2010 trial of Mike Veon and three staffers. Manzo's testimony in that case was so riddled with inconsistencies that the OAG temporarily became a laughingstock in the Dauphin County legal community. Lawyers handling other cases in the courthouse made time to stop by Judge Lewis' courtroom to see for themselves whether the rumors of prosecutorial bungling were true.
Ironically, Manzo testified in that trial that he'd pleaded guilty because "I wanted to stop having this engulf my entire life" Now, 3½ years after that plea, he's still engulfed, and will be for another seven years. Copping a plea probably seemed at the time like an easy way out. Now he'll spend more than a year in prison (probably 13.5 months according to Pennsylvania's Recidivism Risk Reduction Incentive guidelines) and most of the following six years on parole or probation. Rumors have flown since Manzo's October 2008 preliminary hearing testimony (when he let slip that his unindicted former boss, H. William DeWeese, was complicit in the bonus scheme) that Manzo had been promised no jail time in exchange for his cooperation.
It was easy to believe, as no one could imagine why else Manzo would agree to plead guilty to 10 felony charges. No other defendant pleaded to as many counts, and of the defendants who went to trial, only Mike Veon - who originally faced more than 50 charges - was convicted of as many.
Former House Speaker John Perzel was permitted to plead to only eight counts. And though the "Computergate" case dwarfed "Bonusgate" in size and scope, Perzel will be off parole before Manzo is.

You went freelance to have a happier work/life balance, enjoy all the perks of working for yourself and be your own boss - so why do you feel so miserable, stressed and exhausted? When we work for ourselves, we often make many mistakes that lead us to despise our businesses rather than enjoy them. We forget the reasons why we went solo in the first place and become trapped in a vicious circle of negativity.
Being a business owner you'll have many ups and downs. There will be times when you'll feel like pulling your hair out. You'll have unpleasant experiences with people. You'll sometimes mess up considerably. You'll forget to take regular breaks. You may even work 15 hour days, seven days a week and push yourself to breaking point. No matter where you're going wrong, I've put together these top tips to help you become a happier freelancer...
Have a morning routine
When you work from home, it's all too easy to roll out of bed and stumble straight to your desk. Before you know it, it's 11am and you've not even had a shower or had any breakfast. Adopt a healthy morning routine. Get up, have a shower, get dressed, shave/put on make-up and relax and have breakfast. Start work at 9am like everyone else, if you can.
Stick to normal working hours
Just because you work for yourself, doesn't mean you have to work every waking hour to make yourself a success. Avoid long working days by sticking to a regular routine, working normal office hours like 9am until 5pm. Studies have shown that working for more than seven or eight hours a day doesn't mean you'll get more work done. This is because your productivity levels will drop. You're best calling it a day and stopping work at the same time every evening. There will always be more work to do, granted. But you just have to accept that your job list can never be ticked off completely in one day - it will be constantly added to.
Work when you want to
Of course, not everyone suits the 'normal working day'. If you're most productive between 11am and 2pm and again between 5pm and 8pm, then just work during those more productive hours. Just make sure you don't spend more than seven or eight hours each day working. It doesn't matter how much work you've got to finish, if you're still spending 15 hours at your desk every day - it's time to figure out where you're going wrong. Consider any distractions and get rid of them. Turn off social media if it's ruining your concentration. Eight hours every day is all you need - just make sure those hours are spent as productively as possible.
Get your work environment right
A desk facing a brick wall in a darkened room isn't going to make anyone happy, so make sure your workspace is inviting and comfortable. Ensure there's lots of natural light, a window to look out of and your desk is clean and tidy. Get a decent office chair - an ergonomic one, if you can. And set yourself up so you can easily listen to music, if it helps you to be a happier worker.
Take regular breaks
Freelancers who forget to take regular breaks end up making themselves ill. I can't stress this enough - take regular breaks away from your desk or studio space. Breaks help you to recharge and boost your productivity. In fact, health officials advise you take a five minute break every hour, even if it's just to get up and stretch. If you're not currently doing this, start taking breaks now!
Know when to stop
Guess what! Just because everyone else is working 9am until 5pm without stopping, doesn't mean you have to! If you're having a bad day or you're feeling unproductive, put down your tools and take the rest of the day off. Put an 'out of office' responder on your emails, saying you're in meetings and add a suitable voicemail on your mobile. Clients won't know that you're really in your local swimming pool or catching up with friends, so don't worry about it!
A dose of daily sunshine is good for you. It's a scientific fact! Get outside and breathe that fresh air, even if the sun isn't shining. There's nothing worse than feeling cooped up in your home or office all day - it can leave you feeling isolated and depressed. Get outside and stretch your legs, even if you're just going out to buy a sandwich for lunch.
Having something to look forward to is a wonderful thing when you freelance. Particularly when you've got a huge workload and tight deadlines to meet. Book regular breaks and holidays to keep yourself sane and have something to make all that hard work worthwhile. And when you're away? Leave the laptop and mobile at home, so you can completely switch off and recharge your batteries.
Exercise is proven to reduce stress. Join a gym if you can afford to or dust off your bike and get out there. Do at least half an hour of exercise every day. I wouldn't be able to cope without my gym membership. It keeps my stress levels down, keeps me sane and when I'm pounding the treadmill I often come up with solutions to many problems I'm facing. Start an exercise routine today!
Eat well, sleep well
Look after yourself by adopting a healthy diet and ensure you're getting plenty of sleep every night. Avoid alcohol if you can and save it for special occasions. Alcohol is a depressant, so although you think it makes you feel better after a stressful day, it'll actually make you feel worse. Alcohol also disrupts sleep and you'll feel terrible the next day. Eat well, drink lots of water and get a good night's rest. Leave the booze to the weekends.
Get out and about
It's easy to get cabin fever when you work from home, so turn your business into a virtual or remote one, so you can work wherever you like. Ensure you can work on your laptop and access your files from anywhere. This means you can tap into the WiFi at your local coffee shop or even go on a short break and continue to work. Make the most of being your own boss and have a better work/life balance.
Be impeccable with your word
No matter where you are, what you're doing or who you meet, always be impeccable with your word. Never bitch, slander or moan about anything or anyone. Those poisoned words or angry rants might make you feel better in the short term but they'll only make you feel worse once the emotion has subsided. Saying and doing nice things makes you happy - it's a fact, so really think about what you say to people in business.
Don't make assumptions
Most of life's miseries come from making assumptions about other people. For example, that client you know who drove past you the other day and didn't wave back? They weren't ignoring you - they just didn't see you! Or that fellow freelancer who was supposed to call and never did - it's not because you did something wrong! You'll no doubt torture yourself over all sorts of assumptions like these. Stop it! Everyone is dancing to their own music and perceives things differently. To be happy in business you have to stop making assumptions and give people and situations a fighting chance. Always assume the best! And if the worst happens? It happens. Just don't waste precious time and energy inventing dramas or issues that don't exist.
Don't dwell on negativity
Why are we programmed to remember the bad things people say or do rather than the good? It's in our nature to dwell on negativity but we can change the way we think. If someone attacks, snubs or hurts you, don't spend ages analysing the situation - just learn to move on quickly. Learn any valuable mistakes and then get on with your life. Instead, make sure you remind yourself of all the positive things people say about you and your work. It will help you to stay focused and happy.
Never burn bridges
In business, there will be many situations when you have to deal with difficult people or clients. Whatever you do, always stay positive and never burn any bridges. The creative industries can be a small pond and you never know when you're going to bump into people again.
Have money in the bank
Nothing is more stressful than living each month on the edge and being constantly worried about when the next pay cheque will come in. Stop this misery by having a nice cash reserve in a savings account. Plus keep your overheads low and avoid lengthy contracts with expensive things, such as vehicle contract hire or mobile phone agreements. You don't want to overburden yourself with too many expenses or bills to pay.
Always save for your tax bill
We all do it! Leave the tax bill to the last minute. To be a happier freelancer, start saving for your next tax bill every month. Put money aside and don't touch it! Remember, it was never yours to keep in the first place, so leave it alone to avoid a nasty shock come the end of the year.
Do what you love
Freelancing sometimes means we offer services that we don't really enjoy. While it's always tempting to broaden your offering, you might end up doing more of what you hate, rather than what you love. If you can, stick to what you enjoy the most and take steps to ensure you win more of that particular work.
Don't overburden yourself
It's all to easy to book in too much work, especially when you want to make as much money as possible to avoid those quieter months. It might seem strange at first, but you really should stop over-booking yourself and have a more manageable workload. I'm not saying turn work away - just try and find ways to manage workload more effectively. Why not create a really strict work diary and tell new clients that you can work with them but can only schedule them in on a certain date? It might not work for everyone but you could certainly give it a try.
Pat yourself on the back
Freelancing is tough. It requires a great load of discipline and skill. If you're running a successful business - and by successful I mean.. you're making ends meet - then you should be darn proud of yourself. Pat yourself on the back and be proud of what you've achieved. Not everyone can go solo - you've done it, so be happy about that!
Always do your very best
Freelancing brings all sorts of challenges, stresses and pressures. But if you always do your very best, you can't ever be hard on yourself. Be the best you can be, go above and beyond and you'll always be happy that you did all that you could. And your clients, colleagues, associates and fellow freelancers will always praise and love you for it.

Seeing as you are staying in the area for a long time, a lot of the short duration spells aren't going to be great. However, some useful force spells to have studied (from Spell Compendium) would include Ethereal Chamber(p84), Forceward(p98), Forceclaw (p97), Force Missiles(p98) and Vortex of Teeth(p232).
The party will need to be able to See Invisible (p275 PHB) to see the spiders when they are ethereal.
I would recommend the following equipment:
- Rings of sustenance for everyone as they will then require much less sleep and no food/drink. (2500 gp each) or some Hewards Fortifying Bedrolls (1 hour sleep gives benefit of 8 hours sleep, Complete Mage p132, 3000gp)
- Wand of Magic Missile, possibly one made by a higher level caster to get more missiles per charge. (one made by a 9th level caster costs 6750gp, and gives 5 missiles)
- Rod of bodily restoration (MIC p173) (3100 gp) - heals STR, DEX or CON damage useful if the poison gets you
- Neutralise Poison potions (750 gp each) - A suggestion for using these would be to get the cleric (if you have one) to cast Delay Poison (PHB p217) on each party member, then for 8 hours the poison issue is moot and can then take a Neutralise poison potion just before the Delay Poison effect wears off.
Overall, the best way to go would be to avoid being attacked constantly possibly by:
- Charming/befriending the Queen/Boss spider if there is one. (difficult to say the least, Charm Monster might work)
- Illusion/polymorph to disguise as phase spiders (risky)
- Provide such a show of force that the phase spiders decide that you are not prey and avoid you.
- Rope Trick (PHB p273) would temporarily move you away from them.

I’ll be at the It’s Darling! vintage & artisan fair again this summer on Saturday 16th July, bringing my specially selected batch of Scrapiana vintage haberdashery, textiles, handmade items etc. Oh, and lots and lots of strawberry emery grit, just in case you’ve got a yearning to make your own vintage strawberry needle-cushions (as featured in Mollie Makes magazine). Last summer’s It’s Darling! event was the very first of its kind, and the fair is really going from strength to strength. I hope I’ll be sitting next to the lovely Faith Caton-Barber again (and her glorious bespoke wearable Something Fabulous creations). I’ll be featuring Faith in greater depth on the blog very soon.
If you’re planning a day (or even a weekend in Bath), don’t forget that there’s a new exhibition of film costumes (Dressing the Stars) opening at the Fashion Museum, Marilyn’s costumes are still on show at the American Museum, and the Roman Baths are open till late (10pm in July and August – last entry 9pm). Hope to see you on Saturday!

Already a member?
You can't like your own messages.
CEO/CIO of AlphaGenius which takes data on social networks and runs econometrics to produce trading models. Posts are not intended to be investment recommendations.
Follow investors and traders that match your style and get a personalized stream of news, charts, and ideas.
I read & accept the StockTwits
Terms of Service

URL: 940 ms File: 17 ms
If you could keep the files on local disk, you could cut the total time to about 2 minutes (10 minutes with SAXParser), which is still pretty slow but not so bad. So, I think the issue is downloading 8000 files. Try seeing how long it would take to download 8000 files to your PC. Perhaps thread-level parallelism will help (test on a few thousands files).
Then I took to the web to see if SAXParser is just really slow, even though I've already established that the parser probably isn't at fault here. Apparently, when using validation it's much slower, which is no surprise. Some people suggested using Sun's Multi-Schema Validator. Another suggested using RXP validator, which is supposedly the fastest validator available. You'd have to go through JNI though since RXP is a C library. And here: Fastest Java XML parsers.
This post has been edited by blackcompe: 04 October 2012 - 05:10 PM

Activision jumps into kids' game with 'Skylanders'
NEW YORK (AP) — To impress kids these days, it's not enough to make another video game.
Mere action figures won't do, either.
So Activision is merging the two.
With "Skylanders: Spyro's Adventure," Activision is using some of its "Guitar Hero" technology in a new venture that's part handheld toy, part digital entertainment.
Aimed at kids, "Skylanders" is among the latest and most ambitious game in a growing genre that blends a child's physical world with a video game and online media.
The new game marks Activision's latest stab at a must-have holiday hit, less than a year after it killed off its iconic "Guitar Hero" franchise.
"Skylanders" is available for $70 beginning Sunday in North America.
The game is rated E10, meaning it's suitable for everyone over 10.

Cubs Can't Muster Any Offense Against Pirates
After sweeping the Milwaukee Brewers, the Cubs returned home yesterday to face the Pittsburgh Pirates.
While the offense looked terrific in Milwaukee the Cubs couldn't muster any offensive support for starter Jason Marquis in a 3-0 loss to the Pirates.
Marquis lasted six innings giving up all three runs on just eight hits.
The loss snapped the Cubs five game winning streak and trimmed their lead in the division to only four games.
The Cubs will look to get back in the win column when Ted Lilly (10-6) takes the mound against Paul Maholm.
What is the duplicate article?
Why is this article offensive?
Where is this article plagiarized from?
Why is this article poorly edited?

I don’t normally write about sex-y things here. But, I got this email yesterday from a reader looking for advice, and I have so much to say that I found myself speechless. I know she’ll be in good hands with you. Here — take a look:
I don’t know if this is too risque for your blog, but I thought I would give it a shot and if you don’t find it blog worthy…maybe you could give me some advice? My husband and I have been married for a little over a year now and we’re having some “issues” in the bedroom. Ever since tying the knot, things have taken a downward spin.
I’ll be honest and say I’m not completely confident in my body. I have gained weight since our wedding. My husband tells me I’m beautiful, but I know he sees a difference in my figure. How could he not? To paint a picture, I went from weighing 115ish to 165ish. I don’t feel sexy and I basically reject my husband each time he initiates being intimate.
I don’t want to make excuses for myself, but I gained weight because my mother and aunt both fell ill at the same time, shortly after my husband and I returned from our honeymoon. It took a toll on me mentally and apparently physically. I have never been the type to turn to food for comfort, but the stress of the wedding and two important women in my life battling cancer was overwhelming to me.
That aside, I have been trying to shed the pounds, working out and changing my eating habits, but I don’t want my marriage to suffer. How can I get past feeling like a huge whale when I’m with my husband until I get my old body back?

Hello from your friendly founder, Anna Getty. This is my first blog for PAM 2009. I wanted to connect, say hello and give you an update. I am currently 25 weeks pregnant with my se[...]
Register | Lost your password?
A password will be e-mailed to you.
Log in | Lost your password?
Username or E-mail:
Log in| Register

joe just got in the wrong place when I was about to give a few hugs to some German friends I was able to get backstage in dusseldorf-- sorry joe!
travelin' travis is a huge fan who managed to join the band on the
road for the EUROPE ROAD TEST 2012.
In 2012 he was hired as the new E.D.C.F.R.N.R. - see more about that in
Devil Tour Announcement video.
You can also see more of his photos here.
Talk about 'pick attack'...
I will take this opportunity to give travis a hard time :-) I want to know how he was chosen to travel with Chickenfoot? No one is a bigger fan than I am. Matter of fact? I am a huge fan too! Do I need to get a statue? I have one. I've even met all four band members BEFORE they were even hatched as Chickenfoot :-) Even though I am a female? And work in radio? I could travel separately from them, stay at different hotels, and never see them until showtime!! So give me the 411 and tell me travelin' travis. How did you become the chosen one?
OH! POOR JOE! BEING BEATEN TO A BLOODY PULP BY TRAVIS. I WOULD NEVER BE SO CRUEL!! :-)
*this is all in fun and not meant to offend anyone* SandyBeachLady

In October 1784, an American merchant vessel, the Betsey, was on a trade run from her home port of Boston to Tenerife in the Canary Islands when she was approached by an un-flagged vessel. Suddenly, “sabers grasped between their teeth and their loaded pistols in their belts,” pirates swarmed onto the unarmed merchantman and demanded that the crew surrender immediately. Pirates they were, but not colorful rogues in the Jack Sparrow mold, nor were they the precursors of privateers currently preying on ships off the coast of Somalia. And while they styled themselves Mujahedeen, they were also not Islamic terrorists or freedom fighters. These were, instead, official agents of the four Berber states in North Africa—Algiers, Tunis, Morocco, and Tripoli—practicing a long-accepted form of commerce and diplomacy. These were the Barbary Pirates, against whom the United States fought its first declared war after gaining independence.
Crew members were stripped of their clothing and valuables and locked in the hold while the now hostage Betsey was sailed through the Straits of Gibraltar and on to Morocco, where the ship and crew would serve as leverage in Morocco’s venture to open diplomatic relations with the United States on the Moroccan emperor’s terms. Very shortly thereafter, Algiers followed suit, seizing the Dauphin and the Maria along with their crews. In England, the anti-American Lord Sheffield gloated, “It will not be an easy matter to bring the American States to act as a nation. America cannot retaliate.”
Indeed, any sort of action on the part of the “American States” would have been difficult. There was no provision in the Articles of Confederation to address an issue like this. Not to mention the fact that the country was broke, in debt to its own citizens as well as to foreign lenders and lacking any economic infrastructure to turn the situation around. Americans could produce food for themselves, but that was just about all; the nation’s economy had always been driven by trade and now, thanks to the Barbary Pirates, trade was clearly in peril. For the moment, the American consul in Algiers, Richard O’Brien, suggested that we follow a diplomatic course, writing, “It is bad policy to use any threats or make any parade with cruisers if we intend suing for a peace.” As a major first step, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, and John Adams met in London with representatives from Morocco to resolve the Betsey situation. Offering a “gift” of $20,000 to the emperor, the Americans hashed out a “Treaty of Peace and Friendship” dated June 23, 1786 (and “The Ramadan Year of the Hejira 1200”). Pacifying the Algerians, however, would not prove so easy. Following O’Brien’s advice, Congress authorized a payment of $200 per captive to redeem the crews of the Dauphin and Maria but when he learned that the US was willing to pay, the ruling Dey of Algiers demanded $1,200 a head. Still seeking a peaceful course, Congress complied. The Dey then increased the ransom to $3,000 per person.Show Full EssayHide Full Essay
The inconclusive dickering set off a great debate in the United States about what course to follow. Thomas Jefferson advocated using force. Working through his friend the Marquis de Lafayette, Jefferson tried to stitch together a sort of coalition of the willing composed of small trading states like Naples, Rome, and Venice who could take turns with the United States in patrolling the North African coast, bottling the pirates up in their ports. But this would require the United States to construct a navy, which John Adams argued was financially irresponsible when ransom would be cheaper. Moreover, he noted, “We ought not to fight them unless we determine to fight them forever.” This debate came to naught, however, when the French foreign minister, Vergennes, ordered Lafayette to stay out of the pirate business because, Vergennes told him, the English and French governments profited from it. As Franklin once observed, “If there were no Algiers, it would be worth England’s while to build one.” Meanwhile, the Americans remained hostages.
It would be an overstatement to say that the pirate crisis forced the overturning of the Articles of Confederation and the adoption of the Constitution, but it was certainly a contributing factor. Unable to effectively pursue either a bellicose or a diplomatic course that might bring a permanent solution to the Barbary situation, it was referenced many times in the debates over changing the frame of government. But even after the Constitution was ratified and a more robust system put in place, solutions remained elusive. Now secretary of state, Jefferson advocated to Congress that it adopt a policy of force, and finally in January 1791 the Senate issued a resolution “That the trade of the United States to the Mediterranean cannot be protected but by a naval force, and that it will be proper to resort to the same as soon as the state of the public finances will admit.” But public finances were not going to permit anything immediately and, frustrated by the Americans’ lack of cooperation and emboldened by a treaty with Portugal, Algeria went on a rampage in 1793, seizing eleven US vessels within a matter of weeks. Finally, in the following January, Congress acted upon a direct request from George Washington to build “a naval force, adequate to the protection of the commerce of the United States against the Algerine corsairs.” But by then, the French Revolution and conflict between France and England threatened the US even more ominously than did the pirates. To put off additional problems in the Mediterranean, Congress authorized a ransom to Algiers of $642,500 and promised annual payments in the form of war materials, including a thirty-six-gun frigate.
Jefferson was unhappy. In a 1786 letter to Adams he had made his case favoring war over diplomacy:
1. Justice is in favor of this opinion. 2. Honor favors it. 3. It will procure us respect in Europe, and respect is a safe-guard to interest. 4. It will arm the federal head with the safest of all the instruments of coercion over their delinquent members and prevent them from using what would be less safe. . . . 5. I think it least expensive. 6. Equally effectual.
But only after Jefferson became president in 1801 would his case be pursued, setting a dangerous precedent in the process.
By the time Jefferson entered the White House, Congress was shelling out nearly one-fifth of the national budget to buy off the Barbary pirates and they were still clamoring for more. During 1800, Tripoli had taken two US ships, the Catherine and the Franklin, and was demanding $100,000 in ransom. Tunis, too, was pressuring the US for forty cannons and a stand of 10,000 muskets as well as an American-built frigate of their own. Jefferson wanted war, but was convinced that Congress would not support it. He therefore asserted an executive privilege: by executive order he sent a small fleet of American warships to the Mediterranean with instructions to protect US commerce, enforce existing agreements with the nations in the region, and to “chastise” pirates when caught in the act. But as this “police action” was unfolding, Yusuf Qaramanli, the Pasha of Tripoli, warned the American consul that “A delay [in payments] on your part cannot but be prejudicial to your interests.” With no payment forthcoming, on May 14, 1801, Qaramanli ordered the flagpole outside the American consulate cut down: a colorful and effective declaration of war.
Although Jefferson had already dispatched a fleet to the Mediterranean, he was certain that it would not be adequate to deal with a formally declared war with Tripoli and concerned that the other Barbary states might weigh in at any time. He therefore made it known to Congress that more formal action was called for. They finally obliged by passing the “Act for Protection of Commerce and Seamen of the United States against the Tripolitan Corsairs” on February 6, 1802. This authorized an expanded force of five frigates and a contingent of Marines to “subdue, seize and make prize of all vessels, goods and effects, belonging to the Bey of Tripoli, or to his subjects.” Command of the expanded force was given to Edward Preble, a veteran of the Revolutionary Navy and an experienced captain. Taking the formidable USS Constitution as his flagship, he led a force of fairly young and inexperienced sailors into the nation’s first formal war.
The US Mediterranean Fleet enjoyed some immediate victories against isolated pirate targets, but success was not to last. At the end of October, the American frigate Philadelphia ran aground while chasing a shallow-drafted Algerian polacca. Despite frantic efforts to free the ship, hostile vessels soon had it surrounded and Captain William Bainbridge and his crew of more than 300 men were forced to surrender. Adding insult to injury, the pirates were able to dislodge the Philadelphia and haul it into port along with the prisoners. Pasha Qaramanli immediately renamed the frigate the Gift of Allah and prepared to put it into combat against the Americans. Disturbed at the prospect of facing one of his own ships in open combat, Preble consulted with his junior officers and came up with a daring plan. Rigging a captured ketch to look like a pirate ship, young naval lieutenant Stephan Decatur and a small volunteer crew sailed into the harbor with the mission of either recapturing the lost frigate or destroying it. They had to settle for the latter, burning the Philadelphia to the waterline. British naval legend Horatio Lord Nelson proclaimed Decatur’s action to be “the most bold and daring act of the age,” and despite the fact that it was an act of sheer desperation at a moment of defeat, Americans celebrated it as well.
But the disturbing fact remained that Pasha Qaramanli now had over 300 additional hostages and the Americans had one less ship of the line. At this juncture, the American consul in Tunis, William Eaton, proposed an odd plan. Yusuf Qaramanli had become Pasha by deposing his brother, Hamid. Eaton requested funding, troops, and naval support to topple Yusuf and replace him with Hamid, promising that the latter would be a reliable ally to the United States and would release all of the hostages with no further fuss. While no one in authority was enthusiastic about the idea, the new commodore in the Mediterranean, Samuel Barron, agreed to give Eaton a force of eight Marines and the use of three ships to ferry provisions. Eaton immediately repaired to Egypt, where Hamid was living in exile, rounded up the deposed pasha and a ragtag army of mostly mercenaries and set off across the desert to storm the port city of Derna. Once there, Eaton’s force would be joined by a naval squadron that would assist in assaulting Tripoli itself, instituting regime change and ending the war.
Despite incredible odds and hardships, Eaton’s force actually succeeded in crossing the desert, arriving outside the walls of Derna and capturing the city on April 27, 1805. However Pasha Qaramanli was not about to tolerate any continuation of Eaton’s efforts. He sent a force of three thousand men to retake the city, but Eaton successfully defended Derna and then began making plans for the next stage in his campaign. At that point, however, events elsewhere intervened. Nervous about Eaton’s likelihood for success, Secretary of State James Madison had sent a new ambassador, Tobias Lear, to Tripoli to try to negotiate a solution. Realizing that he was in a precarious position, Yusuf agreed to receive Lear, who concluded a treaty with the Pasha on June 4. Through the treaty, the US returned one hundred Tripolitan prisoners of war in exchange for the Philadelphia captives and granted the Pasha $60,000 in exchange for the promise not only to stop raiding American shipping, but to defend the Americans against predations by his neighbors. Needless to say, Eaton was terribly disappointed when he learned that both the crisis and his dreams of military glory were now over. As for Hamid, he was so impressed by the US Marines in Eaton’s little army that he gave his sword to their commander, Lieutenant Presley O’Bannon, initiating the tradition of Marines carrying “Mameluke” swords.
Back in the United States, the sense of relief was palpable, but not everyone was convinced that the problem with the Barbary pirates was permanently solved. Early on in the crisis, Jefferson had commented: “There is no end to the demand of these powers. Nor any security in their promises.” Even so, things remained peaceful along the Barbary Coast until opportunity once again opened the door for pirate raids when war broke out between the United States and Great Britain in 1812. Almost immediately American shipping in the Mediterranean was interrupted: in September the American brig Edwin was seized by Algiers, followed by similar actions on the part of Tunis and Tripoli. In the midst of a war against the seemingly all-powerful British Empire, Americans could do little to prevent such incursions on the nation’s sovereignty beyond advising merchants to avoid the region.
When the war with Britain ended, however, an American public flushed with nationalistic pride in having “won” such a lopsided conflict, pushed to flex its muscles again by exacting vengeance on the Barbary pirates. Now president, Madison was as reticent about a war in North Africa as he had been in 1805. Nonetheless, political pressure on the mild-mannered president was heavy, forcing him in March 1815 to ask Congress for a formal declaration of war against Algiers. Congress enthusiastically granted his request and a force of ten warships under the command of William Bainbridge and Stephan Decatur was dispatched to the Mediterranean to end piracy once and for all. Now hardened veterans after the many naval encounters with Britain during the War of 1812, the American Navy was nothing like it had been during its first encounters with the Barbary pirates. Decatur and Bainbridge devastated every enemy vessel they encountered, taking in all twenty-nine enemy flags (which they stitched together as a gift for First Lady Dolly Madison). And on the morning of June 28 the flotilla sailed boldly into the harbor at Algiers, trained its guns on the city and palace, and demanded immediate surrender. Decatur instructed the Dey that “If you insist in receiving powder as tribute, you must expect to receive balls with it.” The Algerian ruler immediately agreed to Decatur’s terms: releasing all Americans in his custody and, in a notable turn of the tables, the Dey was to pay the United States $10,000 in indemnities. Having settled matters with Algiers, Decatur’s force then went on to Tunis and Tripoli where they concluded similar agreements. For his part, Decatur released all but a handful of his pirate prisoners of war, though he brought seven back with him to the United States where they were put on display in several New York theaters.
Thus ended the thirty years of recurring war between the United States and the Barbary pirates that had begun with the seizure of the Betsey in 1784. But this still was not the end of the story. At the Congress of Vienna, the peace conference that ended the Napoleonic Wars, the great powers of Europe concluded that piracy in the Mediterranean was no longer in their economic or diplomatic best interest and resolved to use all force at their disposal to end it permanently. Thus a year after Decatur’s successful venture in the region, a joint Anglo-Dutch force attacked the Barbary Coast, making it clear to the pirate powers that they needed to seek alternative sources of income. Never again would Barbary pirates haunt the sea lanes in the Straits of Gibraltar; the Golden Age of piracy was over.
Christopher L. Miller is an associate professor of history at the University of Texas-Pan American. He is the author of Prophetic Worlds: Indians and Whites on the Columbia Plateau (1985).
Make Gilder Lehrman your Home for History
Already have an account?
Please click here to login and access this page.
How to subscribe
Click here to get a free subscription if you are a K-12 educator or student, and here for more information on the Affiliate School Program, which provides even more benefits.
Otherwise, click here for information on a paid subscription for those who are not K-12 educators or students.
Make Gilder Lehrman your Home for History
Become an Affiliate School to have free access to the Gilder Lehrman site and all its features.
Click here to start your Affiliate School application today! You will have free access while your application is being processed.
Individual K-12 educators and students can also get a free subscription to the site by making a site account with a school-affiliated email address. Click here to do so now!
Make Gilder Lehrman your Home for History
Why Gilder Lehrman?
Your subscription grants you access to archives of rare historical documents, lectures by top historians, and a wealth of original historical material, while also helping to support history education in schools nationwide. Click here to see the kinds of historical resources to which you'll have access and here to read more about the Institute's educational programs.
Individual subscription: $25
Click here to sign up for an individual subscription to the Gilder Lehrman site.
K-12 School subscription: $195
Click here to sign up for an institutional subscription, which allows site access to all faculty and students in a single school, or all visitors to a library branch.
Make Gilder Lehrman your Home for History
Upgrade your Account
We're sorry, but it looks as though you do not have access to the full Gilder Lehrman site.
All K-12 educators receive free subscriptions to the Gilder Lehrman site, and our Affiliate School members gain even more benefits!
How to Subscribe
K-12 educator or student? Click here to edit your profile and indicate this, giving you free access, and here for more information on the Affiliate School Program.
Not a educator or student? Click here for more information on purchasing a subscription to the Gilder Lehrman site.
Related Site Content
- Teaching ResourceEssential Questions in Teaching American History
- Teaching ResourceRevolutionary in America
- EssayTwo Revolutions in the Atlantic World: Connections between the American Revolution and the Haitian Revolution
- EssayAdvice (Not Taken) for the French Revolution from America
- MultimediaAlexander Hamilton
- MultimediaAlexander Hamilton, American
- MultimediaEmpire of Liberty: A History of the Early Republic
- MultimediaFounding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generation
- EssayThe Presidential Election of 1800: A Story of Crisis, Controversy, and Change
- EssayThe Rise of an American Institution: The Stock Market

Vincent van Gogh was born in 1853, of Dutch origin. At 16 he was sent by his father to work for his uncle at an art dealership in The Hague, and with dedication was eventually transferred to London. Preferring to spend time in the company of peasants to that of London society, it was these people who were to populate his work when he became a full-time artist in 1880.
In 1886 van Gogh moved to Paris to be with his younger brother who was working as an art dealer. During this time he was introduced to the Impressionist and Neo-Impressionist art movements, and the influential works of Bernard, Degas, Gauguin and Seurat. These, in combination with Japanese prints and works by pioneering colourists Delacroix and Monticelli, all contributed towards changing the sombre tone of his palette. The transformation can clearly be seen when comparing the subdued colours of works such as The Potato Market during his early Dutch period with the thick brush-strokes of expressive colour during his later Arles phase.
It was in the final two and a half years of his life, whilst residing in Arles that van Gogh was at his most creative, demonstrating his enthusiasm for the surrounding countryside by churning out hundreds of paintings during this time. Among the most famous are Starry Night, Sunflowers, Cafe at Night and Wheatfield with Cypresses.
Although mainly self-taught, van Gogh is recognised as a unique artist whose early realist pieces and later impressionist work defied contemporary expectations by employing a personal style in which colour and brushwork were always innovatively addressed. Since his death in 1890 he has been acknowledged as the leading artist to introduce the Expressionist movement, and his influence throughout the 20th century can be traced from the Fauves to the Abstract Expressionists.
As famous today for the fact he cut off his ear as he is for some of his works, van Gogh’s mental illness is also the likely reason behind his registered suicide. Cutting off part of his ear was an act attributed to an argument with Gauguin, whom he greatly admired, but the suicide is not likely to be a direct result of the limited success he enjoyed during his lifetime, for he always maintained that one day people worldwide would come to appreciate his work.
Look for more Vincent van Gogh prints.

Ski 'N See Ski & Snowboard Rentals
Servicing Salt Lake City, Park City and Deer Valley Since 1987. Mature & knowledgeable staff. Rent from one location & return to another. DISCOUNT LIFT TICKETS too!
Ski-N-See - Sandy
Hours: Mon - Sat: 9am - 7pm Sun: Closed
Phone: (801) 571-2031
772 East 9400 South, Sandy UT 84094
Ski 'N See - Park City
Phone: (435) 649-8430
1310 Lowell Avenue, Park City UT 84060
Ski 'N See - Deer Valley
Phone: (435) 615-1134
7825 East Royal Street Chateaux at Silver Lake - Deer Valley Resort, Deer Valley UT 84060
Ski 'N See - Midvale - Fort Union
Phone: (801) 733-4477
1339 East Ft. Union, Midvale UT 84121
Ski 'N See - Canyon Center
Phone: (801) 942-1780
2125 East 9400 South, Sandy UT 84093
Ski 'N See - Downtown Salt Lake City
Phone: (801) 333-7767
102 West 500 South, Salt Lake City UT 84101
Ski 'N See - Bountiful
Phone: (801) 295-1428
302 West 500 South, Bountiful UT 84010
*Ski 'N See has 12 convenient locations at or en route to all your favorite Utah resorts: Alta, Snowbird, Brighton, Solitude, Park City, The Canyons, Deer Valley, Snowbasin and Powder Mountain. Our Ski ‘N See delivery service comes directly to your lodging throughout the greater Park City area.
**Huge savings with discount lift tickets. Reserve online and SAVE 20% off your rentals. We'll keep your rental info in our system for quick pick up next time!
***We have all the gear to make your trip fun, including your favorite demo ski and board brands that other shops don't carry. Kids and adult rental shaped skis and snowboards. Big enough for your large groups and small enough to care. Locally owned and operated. Clothing and helmet rentals. Full service tune and repair shops. Wide selection of winter clothing and accessories. Committed to new gear every year!
Truly, a one stop shop. Committed to customer service. "Let our Prostaff pamper you."
SAVE 20% off our daily rates with online reservations at www.skiNsee.com *Use Promo Code SUHD20* or call 1 (800) 722-3685

A place full of tasteful wonders at Valle de Guadalupe
The weather could have not been more beautiful in El Valle de Guadalupe. As soon as you make the first left turn following the sign to La Villa del Valle a whole new world opens up. We rolled down the windows and let in the sweet smells of nature outside flow in. You may feel as if you are driving to the middle of nowhere, but just continue to follow the signs, and you will see the gorgeous property on the horizon. We pulled up to Corazon de Tierra, but before entering the restaurant we decided to walk around the gardens and take a closer look at La Villa del Valle. I honestly felt like I was on the beginning of a vacation, and just blown away by the scenery.
As you walk into Corazon de Tierra you are welcomed by floor to ceiling windows, that let you longingly gaze out into the fields. The tables are all pre fab wood, that set a tone of warmth with clean lines alongside the steel accents.
Agnes greeted us, and told us to choose a seat. We sat in the far corner of the restaurant nearest to the giant glass window/door. The door is left open when weather permits, and the restaurant is full of the fresh aromatic breezes from outside. Just watching your food being picked out of the garden, right before its plated is an incredible feeling.
We were then presented with a brown paper bag full of slices of homemade Rosemary bread, a dish of Beet leaf pesto, and a plate of local Baja cheeses. The weather was in the eighties that day, and Agnes came by and suggested that we try out their Vena Cava Sauvignon Blanc. The wine was full of fruit forward flavors with a delightful crisp acidity to it.
Before I even had time to blink Chef Diego Hernandez was joining us at our table for a little conversation. We talked about his studies at the Culinary Art School in Tijuana, and his experiences in the kitchens of various restaurants around Mexico. He is so incredibly full of passion for the food and dishes that he creates. It made me so happy to see the love come out when he spoke about the restaurant and its garden surroundings. He explained to us the difference between the way that the soil is in Baja California, and that being the reason for instance that a carrot straight out of the ground would have such an amazing taste. I can’t help but get goosebumps when I see someone so in love with what they are doing.
His menu changes daily, and varies depending upon the availability of the produce from the garden, as well as the meats from local farms, and fresh seafood from Ensenada. Each dish was so beautifully presented, they each looked like a piece of art.
Our amuse bouche was a fresh oyster with a drizzle of olive oil and soy sauce. In one slurp your mouth is full of flavors of the ocean. The soy sauce added a nice touch of saltiness, that even enhanced its natural flavors.
The first course was a salad composed of pan seared radishes, pigs feet, Daikon flowers, and a turnip and fennel puree. Pan searing a radish really does something magical. The pigs feet had a silk like texture, that were a nice surprise against the crunch of the radishes and smooth puree.
The second course was a bowl filled with spider crab, radish sprouts, and mint. Poured over the top was a sweet carrot broth creating a velvety soup. There are so many flavors in the one bowl. The heartiness of the crab and its sweetness is heightened by the almost golden carrot broth. The simplicity of adding some fresh mint brings on a whole other level of flavor that is so refreshing. Hot weather or not, I finished every last bite of this dish.
The third course was a contender for my favorite of the meal. It was so hard to pick any favorites, but this was one dish that I could not stop talking about. A filet of perfectly cooked rock cod sat on a smear of tomato aioli, and was surrounded by sprouted lentils and broccoli. On top of the fish was Chef Diego’s version of a “gremolata”. Sprouted lentils are a new addition to my life, and from now on they will continue to be present. They added this texture and flavor to the fish that words can’t even describe. The perfect bite full of flaky fish, and earthy vegetables with a hint of the slight acidity of the creamy aioli and citrusy gremolata, will instantly have your taste buds throwing a party.
The fourth and final savory course was quail on a bed of black beans and spinach. Over the quail was an added element of heat from a Chile Guero and black radish relish. The fresh carrots from the garden that Chef Diego Hernandez spoke of earlier made it to the plate, as well as some potato flakes. Quail is not as commonly on menus as I feel it should be. The meat is so tender, and oozes with its natural juices.
The fifth course before the dessert came a granita palate cleanser. It was chocked full of the floral flavors of lavender and chamomile with cubes of mint, and a drizzle of local honey from their own bees. Each invigorating spoonful tasted as if you spent your day at the spa in a room full of aromatherapy candles. It made me feel even more relaxed and tranquil than I already had, and who know that was even possible.
The sixth and final course was a yogurt and honey ice cream on a banana puree drizzled with a bourbon sabayon, and a piece of crisp chocolate bread wedged in. The portion was so ideal, and you are able to get each ingredient of the dish in one bite. The bourbon added a touch of the alcohol taste in the finish, but it did not at all overwhelm the other flavors.
The dining experience at Corazon de Tierra left me feeling inspired. It is a truly different and enlightening experience that will make you appreciate your food and where it comes from more than ever before.
Corazon de Tierra is the restaurant in connection with La Villa del Valle, the charming 6 bedroom luxury inn. The property also houses their Vena Cava Winery, which you will often find the owners Phil and Eileen Gregory around the site.
Sandiegored.com is designed as the first portal in Spanish that provides information/
Possibly Related Posts:
- Visiting Baja’s Snorter: The Blowhole at La Bufadora
- Mexican Wine and the American Woman: Bees in the Vineyard
- Monte Xanic, the new generation of wine in Baja
- Ensenada: Wine Capital of Latin America?
- Just Another South Swell in Baja

I’m fairly swamped today, so I want to crowd-source this: Can we get some links to scientific studies of racism?
In my recent post, “Playing the Victim”: Oppression and a Catch-22, I pointed out a conundrum. I said that if people speak out about oppression and marginalization and bigotry, they get accused of “playing the victim card,” and the marginalization becomes invisible. But if people don’t speak out about it… then, obviously, it stays invisible. And I posed this question to people making this “victimhood” accusation: How, exactly, would you like marginalized people to proceed? Is there any possible way we can make oppression and marginalization and bigotry visible, which will meet with your approval?
I thought it was pretty obvious that this was a rhetorical question. Especially given the follow-up: “And why, precisely, do you think your approval matters? Why do you get to be the ones who decide which forms of oppression and marginalization and bigotry are important… and which ones are not? Why do you think that decision should be up to you?”
But I got this reply, from Emil Karlsson, who apparently took the question non-rhetorically:
I wrote about the general problem with the approach Greta Christina and others make in my post The Plural of Anecdote is not Scientific Evidence, although it is much more general.
The simple answer to the question is “more scientific evidence, less anecdotes”. The problem with anecdotes is that (1) there is no independent corroboration and (2) it is not possible to know how representative they are (i.e. the extent and scope of the problem).
Someone who does this incredibly, spectacularly and fantastically well is e. g. zoebrain (comment 14). Zoebrain provides us with a scientific report on the extent of the discrimination of trans people. This is how things are suppose to be done, not providing a few testimonials.
Why can’t Greta Christina and others do this more often? Why can’t you discuss scientific studies looking at racism and transphobia more? Or better yet, contribute to carry them out in e. g. the skeptical or atheist community?
The gold standard for claims is scientific evidence and just as we can reasonably ask for it in cases involving medical treatment and claims about the world at large, so too should be be able to ask for it when it comes to the extent of discrimination without having to get claims like “you are dismissing the experience of group X” or anecdotal testimonials thrown in our face.
In my opinion, this is a ridiculous distinction. We need anecdotes and scientific evidence on racism. We need scientific evidence to demonstrate the hard reality of racism; we need anecdotes to humanize the issue, to make the terrible reality of it clear, and to get people to freaking well care about it.
What’s more, if the question on the table is, “Does racism happen in the atheist community?” — then anecdotes of blatant unquestionable racism are, in fact, a pertinent response to the question. They still leave open questions such as “how often does this happen”… but if the question on the table is, “Does this happen?”, and a whole lot of people say, “Yes, here are examples of it,” then unless you think those people are lying, that settles the question. The existence of one black swan disproves the hypothesis that all swans are white… and the existence of loads of examples of racism in the atheist community definitely disproves the hypothesis that racism never happens in the atheist community.
But it’s also a ridiculous question because the reality of racism is extremely well-established, with study after study after study. Charging into a conversation about racism and saying, “Give me scientific evidence that it exists!” is about as absurd as charging into a conversation about vaccinations and saying, “Give me scientific evidence that vaccinations even work!” It’s one of the reasons that, in the Race and Inclusivity — A To-Do List post I put on my blog, “Get your “Race and Racism 101″ on Google or at the library. Don’t expect people of color who come to your group or event to bring you up to speed” was on the list. It’s incredibly frustrating to have to re-introduce ground-level concepts to people who are jumping into the conversation but haven’t bothered to do their homework. (And since atheists are a subset of our society at large, it would be an extraordinary claim indeed to assume that atheists are somehow miraculously free of this racism.)
However, I’m swamped today, and I really don’t have time to do Google-Fu, and email all my friends and colleagues who have sociology and psychology studies at their fingertips, and otherwise spend the entire day lining up links to the countless studies demonstrating the reality of racism. So I’m going to crowd-source it. People here who do have sociology and psychology studies at your fingertips… can you please provide links to scientific studies on racism? Thank you.

Easter Celebrations and Holy Week Events in Italy
Easter in Italy - Festivals and Events for Easter Week
Easter is celebrated in Italy with processions, religous festivals, and special dinners. Easter Monday, also a holiday in Italy, is a time for fun and games. Florence, Panicale, and other Italian cities have some unusual ways of celebrating Easter.
Easter Week at the Vatican and in Rome
Find out how Holy Week and Easter are celebrated at the Vatican and in Rome. See photos of Palm Sunday with the Pope in Saint Peter's Square.
Easter Week on the Island of Sardinia
The island of Sardinia has many fascinating festivals and rituals. Find out how Holy Week is celebrated on Sardinia.
Pictures of Holy Week Processions in Southern Sicily
Pictures of processions taken on the Thursday and Friday before Easter in southern Sicily.
Recipes for Easter
Find out about traditional Italian foods for Easter on our Italian Food site.
Easter Week or Settimana Santa in Puglia
Easter week celebrations in the Puglia region (in Italian).

NZ & Pacific
Lonely Planet's guide to Papua New Guinea
- From: Lonely Planet
- September 08, 2012
IN PAPUA New Guinea and the Solomon Islands, coral-ringed beaches, smouldering volcanoes and rainforest-covered mountains set the stage for unforgettable adventures.
Exploring the landscape
Test your mettle on a 10-day trek following the steps of Australian Diggers along the Kokoda Track, or climb Highland peaks for a glimpse of both sparkling coasts on a clear day.
Prowl through jungle-clad scenery with village guides, en route to thundering waterfalls or in search of magnificently plumed birds of paradise.On the coast, hundreds of islands and atolls cry out for exploration. You can travel by slow-boat along pristine stretches of shoreline, staying overnight at peaceful villages.
The life aquatic
The Solomon Islands and PNG are world-famous diving destinations, with excellent conditions most months of the year. Live-aboard boats and first-rate dive resorts provide access to sites far from the hordes. The waves are equally uncrowded for surf lovers, with fantastic reef, point and beach breaks scattered around the northern shores.
There's also fantastic fishing, with yellowfin tuna, mackerel, sailfish and Papuan black bass in abundance.
Home to more than 800 distinct languages and lifestyles, Papua New Guinea and the Solomons provide fascinating opportunities to be immersed in traditional cultures.
It's well worth planning your trip around over-the-top annual festivals: see colourfully painted and feathered Highland warriors, fearless snake-wielding fire dancers and brilliantly attired island oarsmen chanting.
Festivals aside, there are myriad ways to have a paradigm-altering experience: an impromptu singsing on the Trobriand Islands, learning about the legends of an eerie skull cave or sharing fruit with new friends on a bumpy PMV ride.
Travel is rarely easy in Melanesia, but the rewards are bountiful. After a few weeks of hard travel you can find your way to a pristine swath of coastline and unwind for a few days in a beautifully sited ecofriendly resort or bush-material village guesthouse overlooking the sea.
Spend your days snorkelling coral reefs, walking sandy beaches or paddling up placid rivers. By night, watch the sunset, feast on fresh seafood and watch the sky slowly fill with stars while daydreaming about the great adventures still ahead.
PNG and the Solomons rank among the best destinations on Planet Scuba, with an irresistible menu of underwater treasures: luscious reefs festooned with huge sea fans; warm waters teeming with rainbow-coloured and bizarre critters; eerie drop-offs that tumble into the abyss; and a host of atmospheric WWII wrecks.
A handful of beautifully set dive resorts provide the idyllic gateway to your undersea adventure.
-- Seeing a festival
Rio's Carnival has nothing on the magnificent pageantry of a Highland festival.
PNG's biggest fests, such as the Goroka Show, are pure sensory overload, with massive feather headdresses, rustling grass skirts and evocative face and body paint adorning enormous numbers of participants - more than 100 tribal groups at last count - from all across the Highlands.
One of the prettiest towns in the South Pacific was devastated by Mt Tavurvur, which erupted in 1994 and buried much of Rabaul under volcanic ash.
Today you can wander the abandoned, apocalyptic streets of this once-thriving community and take in adventures further afield.
You can visit Matupit Island, with its village of megapode egg-hunters, go diving in wreck-strewn Simpson Harbour and peer back in time at eerie WWII bunkers hidden in the hillsides. There are great views to be had, particularly from atop the volcanoes looming over the town.
Marovo Lagoon (SI) A visual feast awaits you at Marovo Lagoon. A profusion of dive sites at South and North Marovo offer excellent fish action, suitable for all levels of proficiency. South Marovo has scenic sites off a cluster of three islands - Kicha, Mbula and Male Male islands - while North Marovo has a vibrant assemblage of dramatic walls and uncomplicated reef dives.
-- Idyllic islands
There are some places where you arrive, put down your pack and think: this is it! This is why I travel. White-sand beaches, swaying palms, the day's freshly caught seafood served by moonlight. Outside Kavieng, a handful of thatch-roof guesthouses scattered on tiny islands near Lavongai provide the type of getaway that would make Robinson Crusoe proud.
--- This is an edited extract from Lonely Planet Papua New Guinea & Solomon Islands (9th Edition) by Regis St Louis, et al. Published this month, $42.99, lonelyplanet.com
- PNG & SOLOMON ISLANDS
- Getting there
The good thing about flying into PNG is that you don't have to shop around too much looking for a ticket. The only international airport is Port Moresby's Jacksons Airport (POM), and presently only the following three companies sell tickets to PNG: Air Niugini (airniugini.com.pg), Airlines PNG (apng.com) and Qantas (qantas.com).
Mid-range: PNG Kina (K) 300-600 ($A140-$280)
Double room in mid-range hotel: K300-K450
Flying between regions: K350-K600
PNG has a notorious reputation, though the dangers are overhyped. Outside Port Moresby, Lae and Mt Hagen, things are much more relaxed. Tribal fighting is still an issue deep in the Highlands but rarely involves outsiders or foreign travellers.
Don't flaunt your wealth - wear unremarkable clothes and keep your camera hidden. Carry a bilum (a traditional string bag) rather than a daypack.
Always keep at least K50 "raskol (bandit) money" in your pocket to appease any would-be thief. Hide the rest in a money belt or your shoe.
Speak to people rather than be aloof.
Be especially careful on the fortnightly Friday pay nights when things get pretty wild.
If you get held up, try to stay calm. Most robberies are fairly unsophisticated affairs.
- More: See pngtourism.org.pg

I'm an associate professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. My research lies at the boundaries of algebraic geometry, geometric representation theory, noncommutative algebra, and mathematical physics (especially integrable systems).
I'm part of an NSF-funded Focused Research Group (FRG)---studying the mathematics of the N=(2,0) superconformal field theories in 6D that arise as limits of the M5-brane theory---with David Ben-Zvi, Dan Freed, Edward Frenkel, Mike Hopkins, Greg Moore, David Nadler, Andy Neitzke, and Constantin Teleman.
I'm spending part of Spring, 2013 as a Research Professor at MSRI and part as a Visiting Fellow at All Souls College, Oxford.
In 2013, I received the UIUC Math Department's Distinguished Teaching Award for Tenured Faculty.
In 2009-2010, I was a Helen Corley Petit Scholar in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at Illinois.
In December, 2008 I was an NAS-Cinvestav Lecturer in Mexico City.
In 2007-2008 I was a Beckman Fellow in UIUC's Center for Advanced Study.
Click here for the Workshop on D-Bundles and Integrable Hierarchies in Ann Arbor (May, 2007, devoted to my paper with Ben-Zvi with the same title).
I received my PhD from the University of Chicago in June 2000, under the direction of Kevin Corlette. In 2000--2004 I was an assistant professor and NSF postdoctoral fellow at Michigan with Bill Fulton as my NSF supervisor. In spring 2002 I visited MSRI as a postdoctoral fellow.
We hosted a Wall-crossing in Mathematics and Physics workshop in Urbana, May 24-28, 2010.
In March, 2009, David Ben-Zvi and I organized a session of the AMS sectional meeting on Algebraic Geometry, Representation Theory, and Topological Field Theories. Notes are here.
``The motivation for a physicist to study 1-dimensional problems is best illustrated by the story of the man who, returning home late at night after an alcoholic evening, was scanning the ground for his key under a lamppost; he knew, to be sure, that he had dropped it somewhere else, but only under the lamppost was there enough light to conduct a proper search.'' --F. Calogero
Click here for the on-line repository of mathematics, i.e. BZ's notes page.
Click here to access my mathematical genealogy. Students: start clicking on "advisor" and trace it back to Leibniz!
u-c: smile politely :: common loon :: prairie fruits :: champaign taste :: s. o. m. :: new ruins :: carle park :: elsinore
357 Altgeld Hall
You are visitor

One of the key milestones in the strategic planning process is underway in the next few weeks, with the Strategic Planning Committee conducting a series of 15 focus groups with various constituents to conduct 11 SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) analyses and four future timeline (five and 10 years out) analyses.
“These analyses will provide a foundation of information as the committee begins its Phase III work of establishing strategic themes,” says Cathy Lucas, associate vice president for communications and advancement and Strategic Planning Committee co-chair.
The Faculty Senate SWOT analysis has already been held, led by Committee Co-Chair and Faculty Senate President Kamran Sahami and committee member Lunden MacDonald, assistant professor of Spanish.
”People from many different disciplines participated in what was a very thoughtful and considered exercise,” MacDonald says. “It reflected the collaborative efforts of Faculty Senate leadership to represent a vision of Metro State’s future on behalf of the faculty they represent. It also showed that faculty have a voice in the strategic planning process.”
The 14 other focus groups to meet with the Strategic Planning Committee are:
Student Group – TBD
Student Leadership Group – 3/11
Classified Staff Council – TBD
Council of Administrators – 3/17
Affiliate faculty – 4/8
IA and Finance, Administration and Facilities personnel– TBD
Internal Latino, African American, GLBT, International (possible people with disabilities) – TBD
Alumni – TBD
Board of Trustees – TBD
Foundation Board – TBD
President’s Cabinet and Strategic Planning Steering Committee – TBD
President’s Community Cabinet and external Latino and African American Communities – TBD
Read more information about the process at the strategic planning website.
Top of Page

2013 Addicted to DIRT! Season Opener and Best Looking Car Contest
Come vote for your favorite car as they show off what they worked on all winter.
Entertainment is brought to you by: J&L Transport
Late Models, IMCA Modifieds, Pro Stocks, Street Stocks, Stock FWD Rockets
Late Models and new drivers
“Beat the Track Record” Late Models
Gates open at 5:00, Hot Laps 6:30-7:15, Beat the Track Record after Hot Laps, Green Flag Drops 7:55
Adults $14, 55 and Better $13, 7-13 Yr Olds $8, 6 and Under FREE
Coolers welcome NO Glass.
Pit Passes $28
FREE Camping (with current admission ticket)
Please enter through the Wheeler Rd. entrance.

Lost's Carlton Cuse To Pen New Line's San Andreas 3D
Back in December, we learned that New Line was developing a 3D disaster movie called San Andreas, which as you might suspect, will focus on an earthquake on the West Coast. This week, we've learned that the project now has a writer, and it's someone with some notable TV credits to his name.
Variety has reported that Carlton Cuse has been tapped to pen the screenplay for New Line Cinema's earthquake disaster film San Andreas: 3D. Journey 2: The Mysterious Island director Brad Peyton is on board to direct the movie, which is set to follow a man who treks across California in an effort to rescue his estranged daughter.
Carlton Cuse's writing credits over the last decade or so include TV series Black Sash, Nash Bridges and currently, a Psycho-inspired series for A&E called Bates Motel. Perhaps his most notable writing credit to date is ABC's Lost, on which he served as an executive producer, credited for 107 of the series' 121 episodes. Many of the episodes he's credited for writing, including the series finale, have him paired with Damon Lindelof.
While Lost certainly had a disaster element to it, with the story beginning with a plane crash, at its core the series was a character drama. With that in mind, despite Cuse's lack of experience in the way of disaster movies, perhaps the story for San Andreas will benefit from his experience in the area of human drama, allowing viewers to connect with the characters rather than putting all of the emphasis on the disaster.
Back to top

U.S. Forces Help Lebanese Military Assert Control
By Jim Garamone
American Forces Press Service
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1, 2008 The U.S. military is helping the Lebanese military establish itself as the sole arm of the democratically elected Lebanese government, a senior Pentagon official said in a recent interview.
“The Lebanese armed forces has a unique role,” Chris Straub, deputy assistant secretary of defense for Near East and South Asian affairs, said. “It’s one of the strongest national institutions in Lebanon. All Lebanese look up to it as a symbol of their state.”
That is an important fact, given the recent history of the country. The Lebanese civil war lasted from 1975 to 1990. Beirut – once considered the Paris of the East – was in ruins, and the country seemed hopelessly divided between Muslim and Christian sects. Roughly 60 percent of the population is Muslim, and 40 percent is Christian, but the country has 18 different officially recognized sects.
The United States and Lebanon signed a military cooperation agreement in October, establishing the U.S.-Lebanese Joint Military Commission to provide an official framework for the bilateral U.S.-Lebanese military relationship.
The U.S. and Lebanese militaries have worked together since 2006. The joint commission will provide a yearly opportunity for both sides to examine military cooperation and the goals for the coming year, Straub said, and much needs to be done.
“The Lebanese military was weakened not only by the civil war, but by the Syrian occupation,” Straub said. Twice since Syrian troops left Lebanon in 2005, he added, U.S. Central Command officials have surveyed the Lebanese military and presented findings and recommendations.
“The most important one was that the Lebanese military needed a lot of help in the military basics, which are not always the most glamorous,” Straub, a retired Army officer, said. “They needed trucks, Humvees, parts and ammunition more than they needed high-end, expensive weaponry.”
They also need training, he added. The 72,000-member Lebanese military needs basic help with training in marksmanship, urban combat, logistics and maintenance, and staff functions. Lebanese officers are attending several U.S. military colleges, and the International Military Education and Training fund for Lebanon has grown from $1.4 million in fiscal 2008 to $2.1 million this year.
In 2006, the United States renewed its security relationship with Lebanon, and since then has funneled more than $400 million in foreign military sales money.
“It is national policy that Lebanon be sovereign, that Lebanon be independent,” Straub said. “Our part of that is to help build up the Lebanese armed forces so the Lebanese government can be sovereign in all its territory.”
In the past, each sect and group in Lebanon has had a militia. The largest and best-equipped militia belongs to Hezbollah, which rules in the Shiia areas of southern Lebanon bordering Israel. The CIA World Factbook says the Lebanese army and police have control of about two-thirds of the country. Hezbollah – which the United States says is a terrorist organization – and its allies control the rest.
The U.S. goal is for [the army and police] working for the democratically elected Lebanese government to exercise power throughout the country, Straub said. “That’s not going to happen tomorrow, or perhaps next year,” he said. “But that is our goal.”
The United States has sent 285 Humvees to Lebanon, and another 312 will arrive by March. The United States has sent 200 trucks to the Lebanese and 41 M-198 155 mm artillery pieces. The Lebanese army also will get night-vision equipment and some tactical unmanned aerial vehicles.
“Behind it is all basics – 12 million rounds of ammo, spare helicopter parts, shoulder-fired rockets,” Straub said. “We want them to play their role in controlling Lebanese territory. We also want them to deter the terrorist threat.”
The United States is committed to getting Lebanon more modern tanks, and the U.S. military is working on delivering M-60A3 tanks. “We’re not trying to build up some juggernaut that could be threatening to anyone in the region, but to make the Lebanese armed forces capable in their own country,” Straub said.
Lebanese take care of their equipment, he noted, “because it has been hard to come by for them.” He also said the Lebanese record on safeguarding American equipment “is impeccable.”
None of this is done in a vacuum, Straub said.
“We don’t have a conversation on these matters without considering the concerns of Israel and Israel’s qualitative military edge,” he said. “That’s a U.S. commitment that we take very seriously.” For example, the Lebanese army M-60 tanks are no match for Israel’s Mekava 4 main battle tanks.
“We think we are helping make the region more peaceful – at least more possibility for peace in the region – by giving the Lebanese government the ability to control the events in its territory – whether it be terrorism or militias,” Straub said. “Either way, we think this is good for everybody’s security in the region, or we wouldn’t be doing it.”
The way forward will take time, Straub said. In fighting against terror groups holed up in a refugee camp, for example, the Lebanese military rigged a Huey helicopter to drop bombs.
“It’s important to do this at the level the Lebanese military can absorb,” Straub said. “The next step is more capability for the air, thinking in terms of not only being able to transport things via air, but have a precise close-air support [capability].”
U.S. military cooperation with the Lebanese also sends a political message, Straub said. “The United States cares about Lebanon’s independence and sovereignty,” he said. “The people know that and appreciate it.”

From Dragon Ball Encyclopedia, the ''Dragon Ball'' wiki
The Evil Dragons (邪悪な 龍, Jaakuna Ryū; FUNimation "Shadow Dragons"; Literally meaning "Evil Dragon") are the evil beings created by the overuse of the Dragon Balls over the duration of the series, and were the final antagonists of the Dragon Ball metaseries. The fight against the Evil Dragons makes up the events of the Shadow Dragon Saga. The battle against the Evil Dragons can be considered the closing segment of the series (finding the Dragon Balls was the beginning) that teaches the Earthlings to stop relying on the Dragon Balls to solve their problems and can be seen as a metaphor for where the Dragon Balls finally turn against the Z Warriors. The Evil Dragons are (in order of appearance): Black Smoke Shen Long, Haze Shen Long, Rage Shen Long, Oceanus Shen Long, Naturon Shen Long, Nuova Shen Long, Eis Shen Long, and Syn Shen Long – who later becomes Omega Shen Long after absorbing the other six Evil Dragons' Dragon Balls. They are eventually all defeated by Son Goku except Nouva Shen Long, who was killed by Omega Shen Long. Of the seven, only Nuova, Eis, and Syn Shen Long have martial arts skills which pose a serious challenge to Goku. Nuova Shen Long is believed to have the least Negative Energy of the Evil Dragons due to his morals and the wish that created him. While most of the other Evil Dragons were made by very selfless wishes (or in the case of Oceanus, a wish that can be seen to be in a gray area), Nuova is created by a very selfish wish made by Piccolo Daimao, who wished for his youth and power to be restored.
Wishes and personalities
All of the Evil Dragons' personalities were inversely proportional to those of the wishes that created them (whether they were selfish or selfless). They also bore a direct relation to their time in the manga (comical or dark). Their battle powers were also directly proportional to the strength of the wishes used to give them life.
Haze Shen Long was the most comical of the Evil Dragons, created by a wish that took place during the the early half of the Fortuneteller Baba Saga – a very comical part of the anime in and of itself. The wish that created him revived only one person (Bora), and so the wish used relatively little power and lead to Haze being the weakest of the Evil Dragons.
Rage Shen Long was one of the deadliest Evil Dragons, created by the wish that revived Goku after he sacrificed himself to kill Raditz (only one person was affected directly, but it was designed to save everyone from the Saiyans). Rage Shen Long's power of Elasticity was strong enough to withstand Goku's 10x Kamehameha even though his offensive power was not even enough to hurt Super Saiyan 4 Goku at all. Rage was relatively dark compared to Haze or Oceanus, but was created in Dragon Ball Z, considered a much darker anime than Dragon Ball. He was also the only Evil Dragon to be defeated out of pure natural causes and not with any people involved (although the finishing blow was delivered by Goku). He would have won if it had not rained on him and caused his large body to short-circuit and diminish his power.
Oceanus Shen Long was the second most comical dragon, created in a time when the series was still very comical (specifically, the Emperor Pilaf Saga). She was both good (in that she provided free Fish to the townfolk, and it was only the townsfolk, not Oceanus, who abused their new-found laziness, although she may have counted on this) and bad (in that she used several dirty tactics to try and defeat Goku and polluted the town with rotten Fish), created by a wish which was neither completely good nor completely evil. Oolong wished for a hot girls' panties, or the most comfortable underwear in the world in the dubbed version. (Oolong's purpose for making the quick wish was to save the world from Pilaf, but the content of the wish was rather perverse).
Naturon Shen Long was the darkest of the first four Evil Dragons, created in a very dark time in Dragon Ball Z. He used very evil tactics (such as using Pan as a Human shield) mirroring the selfless wish to revive Majin Vegeta's victims in the Majin Buu Saga.
Nuova Shen Long was created by Piccolo Daimao's wish for eternal youth, which was undeniably selfish, and as such was the most noble and honorable of the Evil Dragons. He was very serious, as the King Piccolo Saga was a very dark and serious time in the Dragon Ball anime.
Eis Shen Long was among the dirtiest of all the Evil Dragons (he used both Pan and Nouva as shields to protect himself), created by a wish that was made so that, of all people, a mass murdering creature initially made to destroy everything could get a second chance, arguably making it the most selfless wish made.
Syn Shen Long was created by the wish that most likely revived the most victims since one can only reasonably assume that others besides the Namekians were killed by Freeza and his henchmen in the preceding year. Therefore, just as Haze (being created by a single person's revival) was the weakest, Syn (created by the most people's revival) was the strongest. Going further, just as this wish canceled out damages from Freeza's Force, the most terrible and feared force in the universe for a long time, Syn would absorb all of the Dragon Balls and achieve a form powerful enough for his Negative Energy to potentially rot away the entire universe - the entire universe which, before this could happen, provided the energy for the Genki Dama that was used to defeat him.
Their names in the English dub are related to the name "Shenron". When the dragons are ordered by ascending number of Dragon Ball stars, the first letter of their names spells SHENRON. These are their names, listed from 1 star to 7 star:

Friends of Louise Mensch have revealed that she is being tormented by nightmares about losing the Political Tweeter of the Year award to John Prescott.
Both politicians have been nominated for the award, but Louise is the only one in the world who desperately wants to win it. She wants to win it so much she has been known to wake up at 3.00 in the morning to start Tweeting, 2 hours before anyone else has even woken up.
We are reliably informed that she believes that quantity is better than quality and her friends say that she can tweet 20,000 words a day, and if they don't read them she cries. One of her friends, called Penelope Bridgeton-Ponderton, has given up her job as a Party Princess because she just couldn't find the time to read Louise's Tweets and hold down a full time job.
John on the other hand, tweets a tweet if he's asked a question and he's not that bothered if he wins. But friends of Louise think she might die if she loses so they have all joined together to bribe the judging panel with a £40.50 triple chocolate fudge cake to try to gain their vote for Louise.
They say its only fair. "She wants it more." Said Penelope "She's the biggest Twitster in the world, And John just isn't, so there"
I agree, John Prescott is not a Twitster. He's an excellent politician who helped a lot of poor people escape from poverty during the last labour government. So maybe he doesn't need to win, because he's already a winner. But a close friend of John's was heard to say "I think Louise's friends may have bribed the wrong person. If they had bribed John with that chocolate cake, he might have resigned from the competition and just let Louise have her award without putting up any fight at all."
By Katarina Frogpond.

A Sex Talk With Edward
Okay, I was writing another chapter for 'Trying', when I got this idea. It's a one-shot, Hope you guys like it!
I knew something was wrong.
Carlisle had been keeping his thoughts carefully censored for the past few days, and Emmet and Jasper burst out in fits of laughter every time I entered the room.
Alice just looked at me sympathetically.
Rosalie's sarcastic, disparaging comments were normal.
This was why I spent all my time with Bella. No secrets, No sexually active couples thinking very UNcensored things and situations that they would try out later.
My siblings (and parents) had one-track minds.
From what I'd been able to catch, which wasn't much, Sex was on everyone's mind.
Which really wasn't anything new.
As I said, living dead soul-mates + no chance of pregnancyBrothel
Also, the only think Carlisle let slip was that he had something to talk to me about.
This was a conundrum.
Had I done anything very bad lately? I didn't think so. And even if I did, he wouldn't know because I barely spend any time at the house. I just come here to change.
Maybe he wanted to discuss where we would move after Forks. London was nice.
Or maybe he wanted to talk about what kind of house we would buy, or maybe we were going to live separately this time.
Yes, that was probably it. . . .
I was broken out of my reverie when Carlisle called softly from his study, "Edward? Could I speak to you for a minute please?"
I got there in under a second.
He hesitated. This was going to be interesting.
"Edward, I know Alice is planning the wedding as we speak, and that Bella wants her last human experience to be. . .sex. And I wanted To talk to you about that."
I pinched the bridge of my nose.
And how exactly did he know that?
Ugh. Don't tell me. Alice.
Not Carlisle too. Charlie, I could understand, because obviously, being a father, and Bella being a girl. . . he'd want to . . . .be. . .reassured.
But a sex talk? With Carlisle?
Oh please, I don't ask for much, but I'm asking for this. . . .
No such luck.
A whirlwind was swirling around his head.
He'd thought this through.
And he was going to talk to me about it.
"Now, I understand the amount of self-control you've had to exercise around Bella. And I admire that. But, do you really think, if put in this. . . . .situation. . . that you'll be able to. . ." He searched for a word.
Please don't say 'perform', please don't say 'perform', please don't say. . . .
Sigh. Relief. But this did not change the fact that Carlisle was having a sex talk with me.
If I had blood, I would have been tomato red by now.
I mean, I obviously studied all this in medical school already. So what was so different now?
A doctor was talking to me about sex.
It didn't make a difference that the doctor happened to be my father.
LIE. IT DID. IT SO DID.
Now, I can completely empathize with Bella.
But I was in for the worst. Carlisle was far more knowledgeable about this than Charlie. He knew the mechanics.
And we were going to have a long, drawn out discussion about it.
Heaven help me.

I'm looking for advice on the best HA/DR strategies for SQL Server. Currently I'm using Express edition with backups being copied over a the WAN to a remote site and being restored.
The SQL Express instances are hosted on a virutalised server (currently VMWare) on a box with direct RAID storage.
I'm keen to reduce the potential data loss and improve the recovery time from what the current solution is. I see a few options to help this.
1) Move to SQL enterprise and use replication
2) Move data to an iSCSI SAN and replicate the virtual disk containing SQL Data, then use a VMotion or XenApp equivilant to move from one site to the other. (I don't know if this will work from a SQL server transactional perspective)
3) Cluster virtual machines across the WAN link.
Currently the WAN link is 10Mb, and I would be reluctant to increase this - so I'm curious to find which solution will give best bandwidth utilisation, the best reliability and be most cost effective.
I am open to other suggestions as well.

Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT) Shaw Theatre has hosted plays, dramas and performing arts events. Located in the NAIT campus, it is equipped with modern audio-visual equipments. It is also used to conduct lectures, classes and various workshops. For further details, check the website or call ahead.
Cultural Events, Contemporary

Find a Doctor
With over 450 board-certified physicians, Albany Med Faculty Physicians
are some of the most expert in their field. Find the right
physicians who meet your medical needs.
Adolfo Ramirez-Zamora MDPhilly Dake Chair in Movement Disorders
American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology, 2009
AMC Neurology Group
47 New Scotland Avenue, MC 70
Physicians Pavilion, 1st Floor
Albany, NY 12208
Tel: (518) 262-6611
Fax: (518) 262-6612
2/19/2009 - 7/31/2010
University of California-San Francisco
San Francisco, CA
7/09/2006 - 7/06/2009
Loyola University of Chicago
6/26/2005 - 6/26/2006
Bassett Healthcare Medical Center
08/13/2004 - 6/25/2005
Mercy Catholic Medical Center /Fitzgerald Medical Center
8/1995 - 6/2002
Universidad Autonoma De Guadalajara
Guadalajara, Jalisco Mexico
Dr. Adolfo Ramirez Zamora joined the faculty of the Parkinson’s Disease and Movement Disorders Center in 2010 and was named the Philly Dake Chair in Movement Disorders in 2014.
Under the auspices of Columbia University, Dr. Ramirez Zamora completed an internship in Cooperstown, NY and then went on to complete his neurology residency at Loyola University in Chicago. His fellowship training in movement disorders was at University of California San Francisco, which has one of the country’s most respected deep brain stimulation programs for the treatment of movement disorders.
Dr. Ramirez’s unique area of expertise encompasses presurgical evaluations of surgical candidates, intraoperative monitoring as part of the surgical team and post operative stimulation programming and medication adjustments for Parkinson’s disease, essential tremor and dystonia. He is also experienced in the use of botulinum toxin injections for the treatment of dystonia and other neurological disorders.
His additional clinical research interests include experimental therapeutics in movement disorders, gait disorders and impulse control disorders in Parkinsion’s disease patients. Dr. Ramirez is an active member of the American Academy of Neurology, Movement Disorders Society, Parkinson Study Group, and Huntington Study Group.

NATURE OF WORK
This is administrative work in the coordination and administration of specially assigned programs and projects in the Office of Equal Opportunity.
Work involves ensuring the County's compliance with federal, state, and county internal policies, procedures and reporting requirements particularly as it relates to small disadvantaged business enterprises. Work includes ensuring procurement contract compliance, developing affirmative action goals, and measures of achievement. Position incumbent collects and analyzes data, and advises the Director of trends and program impacts in order to assist in program planning and development activities. Work is reviewed by an administrative superior through conference, reports, and achievement of goals.
Participates in strategic planning activities; advises staff on efficiency improvements and performance enhancements.
Develops affirmative action goals and measures of achievement for small disadvantaged business enterprises.
Determines the viability of goals established for small disadvantaged business enterprises pertaining to county procurement contracts.
Conducts research on issues, projects and activities related to small disadvantaged business enterprises; analyzes data and prepares special reports; develops and updates small disadvantaged business enterprise disparity studies.
Prepares periodic statistical and special reports for federal, state, and county agencies.
Provides administrative assistance in producing office publications and press releases; serves as office representative at meetings.
Provides technical support and assistance in planning equal opportunity programs and activities.
Performs related work as required.
KNOWLEDGE, ABILITIES AND SKILLS
Considerable knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in collecting, analyzing, and presenting statistical data.
Considerable knowledge of the principles of management, organization, and strategic planning.
Knowledge of modern office practices, systems and equipment.
Knowledge of computer software utilized in compiling, analyzing, and producing reports.
Ability to work independently, plan, organize, and execute assignments with minimum supervision.
Ability to conduct research, organize, analyze, prepare and present technical information.
Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing.
Ability to assist in the planning, implementation, and evaluation of the effectiveness of specific equal opportunity and affirmative action programs.
Ability to serve the public and fellow employees with honesty and integrity in full accord with the letter and spirit of Broward County's Ethics and Conflict of Interest policies.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with the general public, co-workers, elected and appointed officials, and members of diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds regardless of race, religion, age, sex, disability, political affiliation or sexual orientation.
Skill in the use of computer software utilized in preparing statistical reports.
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING
Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in public or business administration, economics, urban planning, or related field; four (4) years experience in conducting research, analyzing data, and presenting technical data appropriate to area of assignment; or any equivalent combination of relevant training and experience.
Bargaining Unit: Unrepresented
FLSA Status: Exempt
Code of Ethics
Work Location: Office of Equal Opportunity
Class Spec. Estab./Revised: E9/95

Perfect for little ones
You’ll find our resorts are much quieter during our term time breaks and we tailor our activities and entertainment just for little ones. On our breaks under 5s eat free and they also include early mealtimes with tot-sized cutlery as well as dedicated parent-toddler swim sessions with the fountains off so you can enjoy a relaxing paddle together.
Great for grown ups
Holidays are a time to relax and take things at your own pace. At Butlins, we’ve created tranquil spaces for you to do just that. Chill out in the spa. Indulge in a spot of retail therapy. Or just take a moment to look at the sea view from the peacefulness of your hotel balcony. And when the lights go down, the stars come out on our professional stages where you can catch a West End style show on each night of your break.
Enjoy breakfast and dinner every day of your Term Time Midweek break and take advantage of our Under 5s Eat Free offer.
Under 5s Eat Free
Enjoy breakfast and dinner every day of your Term time midweek break and take advantage of our Under 5s Eat Free offer.

Topic: Regarding password expiry
I am using latest iredAdmin Pro ldap on CentOs
Is it possible to include a check box like "password will never Expire" on password change fields.It is very a good feature but some of our users especially those who are sitting at top are annoyed with this.So is it possible to selectively apply this policy on user ids by putting a check box near password change field.
Is it possible to download the list of users by domain wise whose passwords are going to expire with in seven days from iRedAdminpro pannel? Then we can send mails to those users using postmaster with a specific content.
- Urgent issue? Pay iRedMail developer to solve it remotely at $39.

Update on PablinaPablina is a very hard-working person who has a small stand selling snacks. Today she says that she also has a brickworks, and through both jobs she is managing to get ahead in life. She stands out because of the effort and self-sacrifice she makes. She invested her previous loan in her snack stand, for the purchase of supplies to sell there.
Today she is applying for a new loan, but this time so that she can invest it in her brickworks, as she needs to purchase clay. She is grateful for this new opportunity she is receiving, as the loan will be a great help to her.
Su anterior crédito lo invirtió en su copetín, para la compra de insumos para vender en su puesto, hoy solicita otro nuevo crédito, pero esta vez para poder invertirlo en su fabrica de ladrillos, ya que quiere comprar arcilla. Agradece por esta nueva oportunidad que recibe, que le será de mucha ayuda.
Previous Loan DetailsPablina is 53 years old, single, and says that she has no children. Pablina’s family lives in the city of Caacupé and she says that she has had a snack shop in her house for the past four years.
Pablina works a lot, especially now that the holidays are almost here when food and beverage… More from Pablina's previous loan »
About Fundación ParaguayaFundación Paraguaya is a financially self-sustaining social enterprise that promotes entrepreneurship in urban and rural areas through microfinance, education programs, and more. Its focus on agriculture has helped many farmers boost their crop yields. And a number of other borrowers have taken out loans to start and grow social businesses that have helped deliver eyeglasses, medicines and other helpful services in their local communities.
Concurrent and Successive Loans
Our Field Partners often work with borrowers over a series of loans as the borrowers build credit, take out bigger loans, and expand their businesses. In order to make it easier for our Field Partners to post loans for borrowers who have been listed on Kiva before, we allow them to post successive and concurrent loans for their Kiva borrowers. This means that our Field Partners are able to post a borrower's second, third, etc., loan on Kiva without having to re-enter all of the borrower's information.
This borrower has been listed on Kiva before, so you'll see an updated loan description, as well as excerpts of the original descriptions from earlier loans. Most borrowers take out loans consecutively, meaning that they receive a second loan after having repaid the first. However, sometimes our Field Partners give out concurrent loans, allowing borrowers to take out one primary loan and a secondary "add-on" loan along with it. These "add-on" loans are typically smaller than the borrower's primary loan and serve a different purpose. Because Field Partners can now post loans as successive and concurrent loans, you will be able to track borrower progress over time and see the various ways a borrower is working with our Field Partners through funds from Kiva’s lenders.
48View loans »

Advertise with Us
Find A Coin Free
from Best Free and Fun Games, LLC, originally released 4th March, 2012
Have what it takes to find the coin? ... It's easier said than done! ;-)
Soooooooo fun ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
"REALLY GOOD AND FUN!!!"
Awesome and fun ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
"This game is challenging yet addictive and amazing. Love it"
Recent posts about Find A Coin Free

The complete set of episodes for the old-time radio series "Democracy in America". This series dramatized Alexis de Tocqueville's famous book.
March 10, 2008
You Can Learn a Lot from this Well-Executed Series
The two preview shows are discussions on why the series was made: they are helpful, but can be skipped. The programs following have narration and observations from de Tocqueville, his conversations with his travelling companion Beaumont, and their conversations with the various Americans they meet. The production values are good and the sound quality, even though it is 32kbps, is fine. There are sound effects and the actors speak as if they were the actual characters.
You'll learn a lot, but that doesn't mean that these programs are always serious: The Frenchmen are charming as they are always courteous and de Tocqueville is quite often enthusiastic.
July 8, 2007
Definitely worth the download
I loved the two volume series that I have of DIA...and this series puts the exclaimation point on it... A great companion for the de Tocqueville classic...

What's everyone's favorite basketball shoe, and why? So far, my favourites have been the Hyperizes, but I'm hoping to get a pair of CP3 4's for next season.
LeBron Zoom Soldier IIs
My fav has been the KD III's i customized them and they're sweet.
Air Jordan S-C-1, its got fantastic traction, its super comfortable, and im pretty sure it improved my hops a little bit.
Copyright © 2009 Youth Basketball On-Line LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Three people were killed and 60 others were injured in clashes amid protests in Egypt on Friday, Egyptian state TV reported, citing the health ministry.
Details on where and how the casualties happened weren't immediately available.
Friday featured more protests in Cairo by supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy.
Egypt has been in turmoil since the military ousted Morsy in early July. The military and Morsy opponents have battled Muslim Brotherhood members and other Morsy supporters.
Earlier this month, hundreds of people -- citizens as well as members of security forces -- were killed. Many of the deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo, and when violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations two days later.

Supreme Court judgment marks an important turn in the debate on language education policy.
In 1876, Ramabai, 18, set off on a long and arduous journey from south India to Bengal and the north to become a scholar. Trained in Sanskrit scriptures, philosophy and languages early on, Ramabai would soon be conferred the title “Pandita”, speak seven languages and go on to write engaging scholarly books in Marathi and English. Travels between different languages and knowledge systems were central to Ramabai’s educational experience and her work.
Language continued to occupy centrestage in the story of India’s formal education as well and its steady expansion over the course of the last century. Despite the tradition of plurilingual pedagogic practices and an outpouring of research on the importance of home-language(s) in education, the place of language remains contested and forever unresolved. Given that considerations of employability, higher educational opportunities and regional pride increasingly govern the perceptions of language in education, no policy decision can confine itself to educational ideals alone.
In this context, the judgment by a constitutional bench of the Supreme Court (dated May 7) offers a significant turn in a series of long-standing dilemmas on language education policy. Responding to the government order on the medium of instruction in 1989 that eventually became the language policy in Karnataka in 1994, the bench considered the following questions: (a) Who is the rightful authority to decide the medium of instruction for students? (b) What does “mother tongue”mean and who is the rightful authority to decide what can be called mother tongue in a particular context? (c) Can education in one’s mother tongue be imposed? (d) Is the right to choose implicit in the right to education? Discussions of each of these questions were framed within the scope of three articles in the Constitution: Article 350A, which calls for the state and local authorities to ensure adequate facilities for instruction in the mother tongue to children from linguistic minority communities; Article 19, which is entitled “right to freedom”, including freedom of speech and expression, freedom to form unions, move and practice a profession; and Article 21A, which resolves that the state shall provide free and compulsory education to all children of the age 6 to14.
Thinking through the questions of medium of instruction in light of the constitutional scheme, the judgment involves four important points. Adhering to a rather narrow interpretation of the term “mother tongue” the judgment holds that in the context of the Constitution, mother tongue would mean “the language of the linguistic minority in continued…

It’s impossible not to love Twitter.
Where else can you go from fierce debate to telly trivia and cute cats and back again all within the space of one evening?
Some of our favourite people to follow on Twitter are parent blogs, and so we’ve pulled together a list of our 20 top bloggers on Twitter during 2013. If you missed it, don’t forget to also check out our Top 20 Parent Blogs of 2013.
- Big Fashionista
- Mummy Barrow
- Coombe Mill
- Susan K Mann
- Live Otherwise
- Mediocre Mum
- The Real Supermum
- Thinly Spread
- Chelsea Mamma
- Scottish Mum
- Melaina25 (Transatlantic Blonde)
- This Mummy Loves
- Jessie’s Kitchen (The Crazy Kitchen)
- Mummia Felice (White Lily Green)
- Pippa D (A Mother’s Ramblings)
- Utterly Scrummy
- Muddling Along
- Snaffles Mummy
How the ranking is calculated:
Every month, Tots100 ranks thousands of blogs based on our algorithm, including Klout and Kred. This chart is based on overall performance in both Klout and Kred from January to December 2013, by adding together and ranking overall Klout scores and then overall Kred scores.
Grab a Badge
If you’re included in our top 20, feel free to grab a badge and display it on your site.

Well I took the plunge yesterday and picked up my 247 from BB (on special less10%) and picked up some boston acoustic speakers and sub (CR57B's x 2, CRC7B and XB2) from CC. Total for my DIY HTIB came to $900 ish plus tax and so far I'm almost happy.
Very easy set up but I did almost make a huge mistake by not unplugging the setup mic. then trying to play a DVD, "hmmm, no sound, I know I'll crank the volume up a little, i.e max., still no sound, bear in mind that I had to get it running before the wife got home, anyway, I did turn down the volume before realizing my mistake and all is well apart from the fact that my motorola stb,3416 I think , doesn't support HDMI repeaters so that's back to component for now.
BTW, anyone else had remote problems? The HK remote won't adjust the volume, no great problem since I'm using a harmony but was a little annoying.

Department of Natural and Mathematical Sciences
Welcome to the Department of Natural and Mathematical Sciences
The Department of Natural and Mathematical Sciences is committed to preparing students for careers in mathematics and science and science related fields and our new facilities and instruments allow us to do that even better than before. Our students are successfully transitioning into professional or graduate school, into the classroom as teachers, or directly into the workforce in a variety of careers. Our diverse, highly qualified and caring faculty is also interested in helping to develop the whole person so that our students will leave here as Christian scholars who can make a positive impact in our world.
If you are serious about pursuing a career in a mathematics or science-related field, then I hope you will seriously consider our programs because we would love to help you as you strive to reach your goals.
Click on the video above (the image of the starfish) to learn more.
The Department of Natural and Mathematical Sciences has recently launched four new undergraduate majors:
- COMING FALL 2015 Actuarial Science (BS): For students who wish to pursue a career as an actuary or in other areas of industry dealing with risk management.
- Applied Statistical Analysis (BS): A mathematical statistics focus aimed at preparing individuals to pursue careers as academicians, data miners and data scientists.
- Applied Statistics (BA): An Interdisciplinary major providing math, statistics, and discipline-oriented skills aimed at professional practitioners as entry-level data analysts, and data mining applications.
- Environmental Science: For students interested in research and management of Earth's nature resources, and for promotion of environmental protection of these resources
- Global Community Science: For students who wish to receive a comprehensive education bridging the disciplines of sustainability science and global community development
The Department of Natural and Mathematical Sciences now offers a minor in physics. This is a great option for engineering, science, or math majors who want to become a sharper, more analytical thinkers, and/or to be more competitive and prepared for graduate school.

Skillet-cooked cherry tomatoes make a sweet salsa for tender, flaky salmon filets.
Fish is simple, elegant food.
If you replace meat with fish during Lent (which began on Ash Wednesday, Feb. 13) but rely on restaurants to prepare it, try cooking your own this year.
The key is to find great fresh fish, then not overcook it. ...

Revista de Gastroenterología del Perú
versión impresa ISSN 1022-5129
PEREYRA-ELIAS, Reneé et al. Low publication of the papers presented at the Congresses of Gastroenterology Society of Peru 1998-2008. Rev. gastroenterol. Perú [online]. 2011, vol.31, n.2, pp. 124-132. ISSN 1022-5129.
OBJECTIVES: To determine the proportion of abstracts presented at the Congreso Peruano de Gastroenterología (the major Peruvian gastroenterological scientific meeting), that had been published in scientific journals, the date of publication and its associated factors. MATERIALS & METHODS: Longitudinal retrospective and analytic study; the publication rate of all the abstracts presented in the biennial Congreso Peruano de Gastroenterología between 1998 and 2008 was assessed. Google Scholar engine was used. The searching strategy performed included: ("Study location" AND "population studied" AND "main outcome") AND (autor:First OR autor:Second OR autor:Last). Logistic regression was used, considering p<0.05 statistically significant. RESULTS: Publication rate was 8.2% (34/217), statistically significant differences were found among meeting years (p<0.001). There were also differences between study design, objectives (more in analytic studies) and measurement (more in longitudinal studies) (p<0.001). 82.4% were published in the Revista de Gastroenterología del Perú. The median time for publication was 10.8±10.4 months; this variable and the meeting year, study type, journal of publication or accordance between the abstract and publication characteristics showed no statistical differences. The mean authors number was 5.02±2.4; analytic studies have less authors than the descriptive ones (3.6 vs 6.1; p=0.012) CONCLUSION: The Congreso Peruano de Gastroenterología presents a low publication rate of the abstracts presented, which can be used as a quality indicator of the abstracts and the reviewing process.
Palabras llave : Research; Congresses; Meeting abstracts; Gastroenterology; Scientific and technical publications.

February 22-24, 2013
Hilton Los Angeles International Airport
Stephen is the technical director of the Outercurve Foundation. Prior to that he consulted on software business development and open source strategy. His customers include Microsoft, the Eclipse Foundation, and the Linux Foundation. He's been an adviser to Ohloh, Bitrock, Continuent, and eBox.
Stephen was VP Open Source Development Strategy at Optaros, a business manager at Microsoft on open source, and VP R+D and founder at Softway Systems, a VC-backed company that developed a UNIX portability environment for NT before being acquired by Microsoft. He was a long time participant at the IEEE and ISO POSIX standards groups, representing both USENIX and EUUG and a regular writer on open systems standards since 1991.
Stephen has an essay in O'Reilly's "Open Sources 2.0: The Continuing Evolution". Stephen blogs on software business, standards and open source at "Once More unto the Breach"

Don't see the brand you are looking for below?
Use the search box above as we have 300+ brands for you.
1-24 of 32 Items
Benefits: - Corrects sagging breast- Removes weight from bra straps- Wear the latest backless/strapless fashions - Waterproof, hypoallergenic- ”Patented” Lift from the top technology
Purpose: Creates perfectly shaped, uplifted breasts.
Purpose: Can be chilled or frozen. Cooling prior to use aids inreducing inflammation.Benefits: - Easily cleaned with a disinfectant spray.- Portable and travel friendly.- Packaged for resale. Full color consumer packaging enhances provider sell-through.
Benefits: - Slight “give” supports a more comfortable static stretch.- Multiple loops with numbered marks. - Immediate feedback on progress allows patients to receive visual feedback as an indication of improvement.- Clear, accurate instructions enable practitioners to clearly communicategoals and limits to better guide clients. - Increased safety through better instruction when used at home.- Varied loop sizes for foot-related conditions.
Purpose: For myofascial release and deep tissue massage
Benefits: Easy to use!
Benefits: • BPA-free• EU Food grade stainless steel is used in brewing. Food and wine makingindustries. It's the material of choice because it doesn't retain or impart flavors.• CA65/Proposition 65: Lead-free, nickel-free, and heavy metal-free.• FDA tested• 100% reusable/recyclable/refillable• Caps and safe, toxin-free silicone seal• No plastic or epoxy liner inside bottle• Dishwasher safe
Purpose: Associated with the Root Chakra, hematite is known to help restore equilibrium and stability.
Benefits: Open cuff is malleable to loosen or tighten as needed for different wrist sizes.
Benefits: -Urethane coated heads-Compact design-1.38” Ergonomic handle-Steel construction-Delivers comfort, function, and durability-Includes 10 pairs of dumbbells: 5 lbs., 10 lbs., 15 lbs., 20 lbs., 25 lbs., 30 lbs., 35 lbs., 40 lbs., 45 lbs., 50 lbs.-Manufacturer provides 5 year commercial warranty
Benefits: -Hexagon-shaped urethane coated heads.-Urethane encased heads reduce noise-No toxic smell from inferior recycled rubber-10 year commercial warranty
Benefits: -Non porous surface-Gel grip urethane handles-Comfortable grip is also highly durable-Stainless steel construction-Sleek styling improves the appearance of any club
1-24 of 32 Items
Shop this brand
Universal Companies, Inc.
18260 Oak Park Drive
Abingdon, VA 24210
© 2011-2015 Universal Companies, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Logging in will allow you to access all of the features and products offered exclusively to Spa & Wellness Professionals such as Requesting a Catalog, Checking Out and My Account.
Don't have an Account? Create one now.
Not a Spa or Wellness Professional? Visit our consumer site.

With all this talk of personhood and vaginal punishment-probes and the general whorishness who use birth control that's paid for by insurance, a beautiful trend has arisen from the smoldering remains of common sense. Unable to fight fire with facts, progressive lawmakers facing dizzyingly retro abortion and contraception legislation are fighting back with dick jokes. Here's a roundup of the cock quips wrought by the insanity of 2012 mass conservative deployment to America's ladyparts. Let's all laugh so we don't cry.
Rep. Stacey Newman, a Democrat from Richmond Heights, Missouri, responded to her state legislature's non-binding resolution condemning the Obama administration's birth control mandate by writing a condemnation of her own— against vasectomy. She and nine other women signed on as cosponsors of HB 1853, which reads, in part,
In determining whether a vasectomy is necessary, no regard shall be made to the desire of a man to father children, his economic situation, his age, the number of children he is currently responsible for, or any danger to his wife or partner in the event a child is conceived. A vasectomy shall only be performed to avert the death of the man or avert serious risk of substantial and irreversible physical impairment of a major bodily function of the man. No such condition shall be deemed to exist if it is based on a diagnosis or claim of a mental or emotional condition of the man or that the man will purposefully engage in conduct which he intends to result in his death or in substantial and irreversible physical impairment of a major bodily function.
Perhaps they'd be convinced to forego a vasectomy if they were only forced to view images of their sperm swimming around, not a care in the world, their whole lives in front of them. But, overall, well played, Stacey Newman.
Our next stop on Dick Joke Tour 2012 brings us to Delaware, where the Wilmington City Council actually passed a resolution this weekend that barred men from allowing their sperm to die. The brilliant bit of snarklaw declared that each "sperm-person" and "egg-person" are conferred upon them equal rights to other dependent minors. Loretta Walsh, the council member responsible for the declaration, justified the expanded definition of "person" by saying "What's good for the goose is good for the gander." I love it when folksy sayings can be reappropriated to deliver political smackdowns, but I especially love that saying because it makes me think of geese wearing pinafores and overalls arguing over birth control.
In Georgia, where legislators are currently considering a "fetal pain" law, Democratic Representative Yasmin Neal suggested,
Thousands of children are deprived of birth in this state every year because of the lack of state regulation over vasectomies. It is patently unfair that men can avoid unwanted fatherhood by presuming that their judgment over such matters is more valid than the judgment of the General Assembly, while women's ability to decide is constantly up for debate throughout the United States.
As such, Neal's proposal would ban the procedure unless a man's health was at risk.
Oklahoma State Senator Constance Johnson has struck twice on Tour de Coq. First, she famously attached an amendment to state's Personhood law that would have made it illegal for men to ejaculate in any place besides the inside of a woman's vagina. But she followed that up by attempting to amend the legislating by adding the following language to the bill—
In the spirit of shared responsibility in issues of reproduction, if a woman declares that she is pregnant non-consensually, the sperm donor shall be required to undergo a statutorily mandated vasectomy, shall be fined Twenty-five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00), and shall also be financially responsible for the offspring of such pregnancy until the age of twenty-one (21).
I kind of want to high five her.
Women aren't alone in their quest for the most cutting sarcastic law. Johnson's colleague, Oklahoma Democrat Jim Wilson, also pointed out how silly the concept of "personhood" is by trying to amend the legislation to require the father of the nonborn "person" to assume financial responsibility for the expectant mother's health care bills, housing, care, and nourishment. Of course the amendment failed, because fuck women and their original sinmaking sinpots. Or something.
But the grandmother of all the sarcastic legislation, the one that started it all this political season, was penned by Virginia Democrat Janet Howell, who suggested that since the state was so interested in what was going on inside a sexual woman's tubes, they should also consider what's happening inside of men. Her suggestion was that since women were required to have unnecessary ultrasounds before a legal medical procedure, men should also receive unnecessary ultrasounds before receiving Viagra— in the butt. The measure was narrowly defeated.
As could be predicted, while these proposals were met with hearty guffaws and high fives on the left, they were met with stern faced tongue-clicking from the Very Serious anti-abortion lawmakers who Don't Find This Funny At All, Not One Bit on the right. There's nothing funny or ironic at all about the notion of saving babies by treating women like incompetent children. These sassy lady legislators better watch themselves. If they keep behaving improperly, they could wind up being forced to have transvaginal ultrasounds before being sworn in to their next term in office.
Image via Chris Leachmann/Shutterstock

EFI, Fisher Textiles, and Quaker Chroma Imaging recently joined forces to raise awareness for and increase participation in the Komen Race for the Cure, held in Philadelphia, PA on May 13, 2007. EFI is a manufacturer of print servers, wide-format printers, inks, and print-management solutions. Fisher Textiles produces fabric substrates for digital printing. Quaker Chroma offers a variety of digital-imaging services.
Craig Tinkelman, CEO of Quaker Chroma Imaging, says more than 120,000 people showed up for the race, which generates significant funds for breast-cancer research. “We’re pleased that we were able to support the event with banners and signage, and grateful to out partners, EFI and Fisher Textiles, for their generous donations that made it possible for us to produce 50 outdoor banners for placement in the Philadelphia City Center.”
Quaker Chroma printed the graphics for the event on its VUTEk FabriVu. EFI donated the inks. “When EFI was approached about contributing the inks required to produce the street signage promoting the race in Philadelphia, we were pleased to be able to team with Quaker Chroma Imaging to help make this important fundraising event a success,” says Chuck Dourlet, vice president of marketing for EFI VUTEk.
Media was provided courtesy of Fisher Textiles. The company donated fabric for 50 outdoor signs. “Fisher Textiles has a long-standing relationship with Quaker Chroma Imaging and a strong belief in the work being performed by the Susan G. Komen Foundation,” says Scott Fisher, president of Fisher Textiles. For more information about the Komen Race for the Cure, visit the Susan G. Komen for the Cure organization at www.komen.org.
Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to the magazine.

Wednesday, May 06, 2009
Will PR Week be better online?
Yesterday PR Week (US) did a short interview with me for their upcoming feature on digital. They'd already done a longer phone interview. This interview was done to camera (a digital video camera). I have to applaud them for immediately embracing the new format for the publication. That said, it got me thinking about whether the new format will make the publication better or worse. It certainly has the opportunity to make the publication better. A richer set of content and more community building tools could make the publication a lot better. But what will really make the publication better is the content. By that I mean the conversations they start and pursue; and the insight and perspective they share from their unique position. If they get this right the community will engage and the publication will grow in stature. I'm sure we all have views on what that content may be and I hope we all take time to share our ideas with PR Week. We will all benefit from a strong trade publication but if we leave it to Haymarket, the publication has a far tougher task than if we all make the effort to share our feedback and offer suggestions on ways to make the publication better. Julia Hood has a lot on her plate right now as she guides the publication through this transition AND searches for a new editor. The more constructive we can be in our help, the easier her task and the better the industry will be.

June 26, 2013 - Lindbergh Schools announced this week a position is available on the district's Board of Education, following Gov. Jay Nixon's appointment of former board President Vic Lenz to the Missouri State Board of Education.
Missouri State Board of Education members are not permitted to serve a local school district board term concurrently.
Residents who are interested in applying for the Board of Education may pick up an application packet at the Superintendent's Office, 4900 S. Lindbergh Blvd., or request one electronically by sending an email to email@example.com.
To be eligible for the school board, a candidate must be a U.S. citizen, at least 24 years of age, a resident taxpayer in Lindbergh Schools and a Missouri resident for at least one year preceding election or appointment.
Candidates must complete and return an application by 5 p.m. July 9. The Board of Education will interview candidates for the vacancy at 6:30 p.m. Aug. 12.
Impact News Lindbergh voters to elect two to Board of Education Four candidates are seeking two seats in April 7 election Mar 25 2015 Last of two parts: Two seats up for election April 7 on the Lindbergh Board of Education are being sought by four candidates, including two incumbents....
School News St. Baldrick’s event set Friday at Lindbergh High Mar 25 2015 Students from Kennerly Elementary School and across the Lindbergh district will go bald together once again when they participate in Lindbergh’s fourth annual St. Baldrick’s event at 8 p.m. Friday, March ...

Choose a size then color to see Price & Availability
Click below to view more images for GHP 2013 Race Frame:
Details and Specs:
GHP 2013 Race Frame
The 2013 GHP Race frame is constructed from double-butted 6061-T6 aluminum and utilizes race proven geometry designed and engineered by Greg Hill. The frame features a CNC machined standard headtube, hydroformed toptube, oversized downtube with external gusset for strength, CNC machined Euro BB shell, ovalized chainstays for increased stiffness, V-brake mounts and 3D machined dropouts.

Filter By Show All (6) 3 Coupon Codes 3 Deals
Details: Free Poslaju Shipping within Malaysia
40% Off Sale Items
Details: Get 40% Off Sale Items
Unpopular Coupons and Deals
Details: 20% Off on Selected Items. Ends 1/6/13
Show Coupon Code 45% success rate
Details: Take 15% off all Jersey tops. Remember to use code upon check out. Limited time only.
Show Coupon Code 33% success rate
Details: Get 8% off.
Show Coupon Code 25% success rate
Up to 60% Off
Details: Up to 60% Off on Sale Items

Originally I studied painting and sculpture. I took my first photography course primarily out of curiosity, but it soon became my preferred creative medium.
From 1998 to 2001, I worked as an artist in Egypt on a project documenting inscriptions on temple walls. During that time I continued with my photography, primarily concentrating on the architectural space and details of ancient Egyptian monuments and the Islamic structures in Cairo.
My photographs have been shown in both group and solo exhibitions and have won several awards.
My favorite subject is architectural imagery, but I tend to photograph whatever captures my eye or imagination. Since I began looking through a lens, I realized that I was searching for beauty with my camera. I will always be totally fascinated by the ability to capture a fleeting magical moment of beauty through the mechanism of light passing through a lens, and then being able to hand over that same moment to someone else.

CordyChi® Chocolate Bar--Chocolate Green Goji
We've combined our powerful CordyChi® blend of Reishi and Cordyceps with delicious, all-natural dark chocolate candies. At 55% dark cocoa mass, CordyChi® Chocolate is a delicious indulgence you can feel great about eating. Net weight: 2 ounces (56.69 grams). Each chocolate bar contains approximately 2.5 grams of CordyChi®.
Please note: because of their delicacy, CordyChi® Chocolate Bars are not shipped through the hotter summer months, typically June through August.
Ingredients: Dark chocolate* (raw cane sugar, cocoa mass, cocoa butter, vanilla), goji berries*, sunflower seeds*, flax seed*, spirulina*, barley grass*, red dulse*, wheat grass*, chlorella*, freeze-dried Cordyceps (Cordyceps sinensis s.l.) and Reishi (Ganoderma lucidum s.l.) mushroom mycelium*, Himalayan crystal salt. Note: May contain traces of gluten, lactose or nuts due to processing equipment.

Ika Works Platform Flask Clamp is a reliable and dependable addition to the Ika Works Laboratory Apparatus family of products. Combining top-notch and uncompromising quality with an affordable price, the Ika Works Platform Flask Clamp 3115500/ 33998-376 can fulfill your laboratory needs while still offering a great value for the money.
Product Category Description:
Flask Clamp. For IKA shakers. Platform for shaking flasks, Erlenmeyer flasks, and bottles with a round cross-section. Accommodates fifty-six 25mL flasks, twenty-three 50 or 100mL flasks, eleven 200 or 250mL flasks, or nine 500mL flasks.

The Jungle Time Animals Collection Lamp Shade by Sweet Jojo Designs is designed to coordinate perfectly with your baby or kid's bedding set and is a fun accessory for your child's room. The lamp shade base is not included. Your lamp shade measures 4x7x10.
Free Shipping for all orders over $125.
If you see an add to cart button, this item is in stock and usually ships in 1-2 business days. Business days are Monday through Friday. Please allow up to 7-10 business days for your order to arrive at your door.
We currently ship to the continental United States.
To view our full shipping policy click here: Details
Purchases from Sweet Dreams My Child in new unused condition with all of the original packaging may be returned within 30 days of delivery.
We will refund the purchase price less shipping and handling fees for your order. If you have received free shipping on your order, you will be refunded the purchase price less a shipping and handling fee of $15.00.
Please take time to review our complete Return Policy

[dorkbotpdx-blabber] RIP Norvac?
garnere at gmail.com
Mon Feb 6 18:19:14 EST 2012
I can't say that it surprises me. norvac has been going down hill for
at least 10 years now. their shelves are more for " out of stock" tags
than for actual stuff.
i will miss them though, back in they heyday i used to depend on
norvac and radar for all my parts needs.
On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 3:10 PM, Brad Burleson <bradb667 at gmail.com> wrote:
> Hey all-
> So the end is near for Norvac: The Eugene store is starting to
> liquidate it's stock from Feb 15 thru March 17th.
> Supposedly the Salem and Portland stores will follow.
> Bummer eh?
> dorkbotpdx-blabber mailing list
> dorkbotpdx-blabber at dorkbot.org
More information about the dorkbotpdx-blabber

DUDLEY people are being urged to nominate their local heroes for recognition at a prestigious borough awards ceremony in October.
People and groups from across the region have eleven weeks to nominate individual volunteers or voluntary groups for a chance to scoop a gong at the Dudley Council for Voluntary Service (CVS) 2014 Volunteer Awards.
The awards are divided into categories including community action, children and families, health and wellbeing, sport plus the environment and community safety.
Young volunteers will also be honoured with an award for under 25s in memory of former Dudley CVS chairman Gordon Lindsay.
The closing date for nominations is Friday August 22, for more information visit www.dudleycvs.org.uk

Using 360° Viewing:
- Rotate: Use top-to-bottom, side-to-side by use of mouse arrow.
- Zoom In: Double click on image.
- Zoom Out/Reset: Put photo at full zoom & then double click.
Lotion, 10 Oz., Vitamin Enriched, 6PK
- Item # 39E695
- Mfr. Model # CB072724
- UNSPSC # 53131607
- Catalog Page # 1805
- Shipping Weight 4.6 lbs.
- ItemMoisturizing Lotion
- FormulaVitamin Enriched, Glycerin
- Size10 oz.
- Package TypeBottle
- Uses DispenserRTU
Compliance and Restrictions
This item is restricted for international sale.
Grainger is neither responsible for, nor does it endorse, the content of any product review or statement posted. Any statements posted constitute the statements of the poster and are not the statements of Grainger. The statements posted by Grainger employees with the Grainger employee badge represent the views of such employees and are not the statements of Grainger. Grainger makes no representations as to the appropriateness, accuracy, completeness, correctness, currentness, suitability, or validity of any product review or statements posted, including those posted by employees with the Grainger employee badge, and is not liable for any losses, injuries or damages which may result from any such product review or statements. Use of any linked web site provided in a product review or post is at the user's own risk.
Grainger is neither responsible for, not does it endorse, the content of any statement posted. Any statements posted constitute the statements of the poster and are not the statements of Grainger.

- KNIA / KRLS - http://www.kniakrls.com -
City, School, Business Leaders Attempting to Keep Movie Theatre Open
Posted By News On August 30, 2011 @ 6:26 am In Today’s Local News | Comments Disabled
Efforts are being made to reopen the Knoxville Village Movie Theatre. The theatre, which is currently owned by Fridley Theatres, is scheduled to be closed after Labor Day weekend. Knoxville City Manager Harold Stewart says that the city is currently trying to negotiate with the school district and community business leaders to work out a plan to make the theatre open and operational as soon as possible. Stewart says that no one privately has shown interest in the building.
Article printed from KNIA / KRLS: http://www.kniakrls.com
URL to article: http://www.kniakrls.com/2011/08/city-school-business-leaders-attempting-to-keep-movie-theatre-open/
Copyright © 2009 KNIA/KRLS. All rights reserved.

After starting treatment for cancer in the summer, Christopher Hitchens wrote that he felt “upsettingly denatured”. When I approached his Washington apartment on Sunday evening, Hitchens was returning from the pharmacist, and I walked past without recognising him. He had to call to me twice before I realised how chemotherapy had altered him.
Hitchens had been apologetic that he couldn’t guarantee from day to day how he would be feeling. We had planned to meet that afternoon but, feeling “ropey” and wanting to be on form, he invited me for dinner instead.
Wrapped in a black leather jacket against persistent

The Japanese government's annual defense report is calling for China to disclose more data about its military expansion and also concludes North Korea has ballistic missiles that could hit Japan.
Japan released its annual defense report, which will guide policy for the next year. As expected, two communist states - China and North Korea - feature prominently.
The document calls for China to be more transparent about its defense policies and military might.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Tomhiko Taniguchi says openness from Beijing would help dispel concerns about China's military modernization. China has rapidly increased military spending in the past decade.
"Sunshine is the best disinfectant and you have to be very much transparent," he said. "The Defense Agency and the Foreign Ministry, as well, are requesting China reveal everything that is going on in terms of defense buildup and the amount of defense budget and what sort of equipment and weaponry the Chinese military is using."
The government document expresses "grave concern" that North Korea's missiles, coupled with its nuclear-weapons programs, "have become destabilizing factors" for the world.
Last month, North Korea tested several missiles, including a long-range ballistic missile that failed shortly after launch. The United States, Japan and other countries had warned Pyongyang that any launches would raise tensions in the region.
Pyongyang also has refused since last year to return to negotiations over its pledge to dismantle its nuclear-weapons programs.
Despite comments by government officials that Japan should consider acquiring the capability to pre-emptively strike North Korean missile sites, Foreign Ministry spokesman Taniguchi says the paper proposes no changes in Japan's defense policy.
"I frankly do not think so. Everything that the defense white paper has written about has been going on for some time," added Taniguchi. " (The) white paper is a document that combines and pulls together things that are already happening."
The document, endorsed by Japan's Cabinet, also pledges to implement in a "timely and thorough" manner the realignment of U.S. military forces in Japan. Thousands of Marines and their families on Okinawa are to be relocated to the U.S. island of Guam.

Origins of Pain: Detailed Squirrel Locations [TEXT]
View Single Post
10-07-2012, 11:29 AM
Join Date: Oct 2010
Total Awards: 2 (
View My Profile
Originally Posted by
so you just take all of our work and put it in your own thread and words and call it your own with no credit ? wtf
Way to read before you posted.
OT: This was very helpful thank you!
Rayman Origins / Joe Danger SE
War of the Worlds
"The dumber people think you are, the more
suprised they are going to be when you kill them."
View Public Profile
Send a private message to Bum Commando
Find More Posts by Bum Commando

While we usually think of this time of year as a time of being with family and friends, a time of great joy, the fact is for many it is one of the worst times of the year. Many people dread the holiday season because for many reasons they are alone and feel left out of the festivities associated with the Christmas season. It is the time of year when suicides are at their highest. Being alone takes on a new significance during the holidays. This devotional today is dedicated to all of you reading these words who feel this way today. You don’t have the joy, you don’t have the Christmas spirit, because you are alone.
I want to encourage you today. First of all, I want to remind you as God told Joshua, as the Lord told His disciples, “I will never leave you nor forsake you.” The fact is, God is always with us. While that fact is comforting, it still does not alleviate the loneliness many feel from a lack of human companionship. In the Book of Hebrews, God commanded that we “not forsake the fellowship of one another.”
That means being part of a local church. You see, one of the important facets of being part of a local church is that it is a source of fellowship. It is where we can find people of like faith, who become part of our life. While many of you understand that God is always with you, and you have fellowship with other believers, you are still dealing with being alone.
The real loneliness that is so strong during this time of year is the loneliness that comes from not having a spouse, or not having a close intimate relationship with your family. One of life’s mysteries to me after many years in the ministry is why God allows some to remain single. I wish I had an answer, but I don’t. The best I can do is to encourage you to treat it like any other battle.
Get a plan, pray, and ask God for wisdom. Have someone who will pray with you and walk through this with you, and then rely on the strength God can give you each day. Don’t be frustrated if you don’t see results right away. His timing is always perfect, His grace sufficient for the day. God knows your desire and understands your need. As for your family, do all that you can to reconcile with any family members you are estranged from during this Christmas season.
I love you so much. I care about you. I know the pain and hurt so many are going thru during this wonderful season when others appear to be so full of joy. Please know that you will be in my prayers. I wish I had a magical answer but I don’t. However, there is One who does have the answer. It is during these times in our life, these times when we hurt and things don’t make sense, that we need to press in even deeper to our daily walk with Christ. You see, that is what will sustain you through those lonely, difficult times.
The promises in His Word are true. We need to find our peace, comfort, and joy in Him. In our service to Him. My best advice for those who are lonely, is to know that you are not alone. Find ways to serve others during this Christmas season. It is in your service that you find the true meaning not only of Christmas, but in what being a Christian is all about. It is also in service that we realize we really are never alone as long as we have Jesus.
As difficult as this Christmas season may be for you because you are alone, let me remind you that I am always here for you. You have the promise of God’s Word that He will never leave you nor forsake you. Here is some advice for those who are alone this Christmas season. Let the Lord use YOU to bring His hope, His love, to someone else who may be alone this Christmas season.
In His love and service,
Your friend and brother in Christ,
(C)opryright 2011, Live Prayer Church, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Dear Facebook Friend,
I know that it’s your Facebook and you are entitled to do whatever you want with it, but seriously?
I’m sure plenty of folks get pissed that they have my tweets show up in their Facebook all the time or the few Republican friends I’ve got may not like how much political stuff I post, but seriously?
A picture of a bloodied pig as it is about to go off to slaughter?
I get that it’s your Facebook and you’re vegetarian, but- well, what does that picture accomplish?
I don’t eat pigs cuz I’ve always thought they were too cute, so I’m on your side with that one, but those kinds of pictures? Well, they can even alienate an ally.
In the end, it is your Facebook so you can post whatever you so desire, but lemme give you a type. It’s easier to persuade someone to do something than it is to dissuade something they already do.
Instead of showing why you believe eating meat is bad, why not showcase why being vegetarian is good?
Maybe then so many pictures of adorable and blood-spattered animals might not show up in my newsfeed as much?
Dear Facebook Friends,
I’m sorry Game of Thrones was so emotionally taxing last night.
I also don’t care.
Seriously, I almost turned it into a drinking game: Drink every time someone posts about Game of Thrones and you are overwhelmed with indifference.
I just didn’t wanna get alcohol poisoning.
My last count was 33.
Dear Fellow Grad Student,
Let’s talk about tact, shall we? Mainly because you seem so wildly unfamiliar with the term.
I mean, I am legitimately curious about what made you think this post was appropriate?
I’m sure your article is fascinating… if not a well-tread topic.
But to use the events in Boston as a means of self-promotion?
This coming from a man who slept with his ex three times after they broke up… that is still not nearly as bad as what you managed to do with social media.
Moving on to the next segment.
What possessed you to pair those two thoughts together? Was it that they were both celebrations of how great you are?
Cuz… um… the whole Boston thing followed by your e-book? It’s like a bad episode of Girls here.
That’s it. That’s what you are. You are gay dude Hannah Horvath.
It’s actually uncomfortable how spot on that description is… but here I go, congratulating myself.
I think you may be rubbing off on me. I’m gonna go try and find something selfless to do.
Courage the Cowardly Dog? Foster’s Home for Imaginary Friends? It’s like you don’t want me to get work done.
Is that it?
Is this all some grand conspiracy to make sure I never get any of my work done?
And before you accuse me of being paranoid, I prefer self-involved…
Besides, this new “share on Facebook” feature is… well, questionable when those are the shows I’m watching.
Maybe I’ll turn on episodes of Hoarders when I go for my run… several hours of Hoarders is better than kid’s cartoons, right?
Awesome, Facebook is growing yearly. More boring status updates than ever.
Dear Facebook Users,
Yes, today is the start of a new year, but there are some things that still haven’t changed since last year.
For instance, I still don’t care that you’re watching the news.
Why post that? I mean, seriously, that’s all it says.
“Blah Blah Blah… is watching the news.”
Nothing about the news or what’s on the news.
Just that you’re watching it.
So I have a New Year’s resolution for you. It might be a challenge for some of you, but here goes.
Say something actually interesting.
Ya know what? That’s not fair. That’s asking too much.
New Year’s resolution for me. Get more interesting friends.
I should probably get on that.
Dear Facebook Friends,
This time of year, I’m willing to admit, I can get a little Grinch-like. What can I say, the holidays bring something awful out in me. But I’ve tried to be good!
As everybody posts about “so excited to be home for the holidays!” and “can’t wait to see my brother!” I have held my tongue.
All in exchange for what happens today.
See, you may be excited to see mommy and daddy, where I pretty much live in perpetual fear that they’ll actually call this holiday season, but you have one problem that I never will.
That is, of course, the trip back home. When you stay put for the holidays, like myself, there’s no overcrowded airports or delayed flights.
But those aren’t the things that make me happy. I mean, how awful would I be if I took pleasure in the suffering of others?
It’s the posts. “Ugh, FINALLY taking off!” and “This better be worth it!”
It’s the fact that every year, some asshole tries to tell me that I shouldn’t be bitter about the holidays and then the day before Thanksgiving comes around and s/he is unquestionably the most negative person on the whole social media site.
At least I own my negativity and don’t pretend to be better than it. Enjoy the holidays!
If you like my insights on here, I’m sure you’ll “Like” my stuff on Facebook… see what I did there?
Yeah, okay, not great… but seriously, please take a minute to head over to Facebook and “Like” my page, Calhoun Kersten Semi-Legitimate Author. Or simple search “Calhoun Kersten – Semi-Legitimate Author” on Facebook!

Cindy Wilson texts to friends after her home was destroyed in the afternoon tornado on Monday in Oklahoma City. / Jim Beckel, AP
Basements. Bathtubs. A horse stall.
People took shelter wherever they could as a massive tornado descended on their Oklahoma communities Monday afternoon.
They had to move fast. The first warnings came just 16 minutes before the tornado developed, according to the National Weather Service in Norman, Okla.
As TV and radio broadcasters, weather watchers and others urged residents to take shelter immediately, many took to whatever refuge they could quickly find.
A resident of Moore, Okla., said she got into her bathtub with her dog and piled on pillows for shelter.
"I just cannot believe that we actually survived this thing," she told a KFOR-TV reporter.
Another Moore resident told a KWTV reporter that she and her two children also took shelter in a bathtub - and pulled a mattress on top of them for extra protection.
"Our whole house is gone," the distraught woman said as she held her two kids' hands. "Everything but where we were is gone."
Lando Hite, who works at a horse stable in Moore, told KFOR that he sought safety in a horse stall.
"I didn't have very long at all" before the tornado hit, he said.
While in the stall, "it was just unbearably loud," he said. "You could see stuff flying everywhere."
Others at work also had to quickly seek shelter. In advance of the storm, the Oklahoma House of Representatives stopped work so Capitol employees could seek safety in the basement.
The devastating tornado, which had winds up to 200 mph, killed dozens of people. The terror latest 40 minutes Monday afternoon as the twister destroyed homes, cars and businesses across southern Oklahoma City and its suburbs.
At 2:45 p.m. Monday, the National Weather Service in Norman tweeted "you DO NOT want to be in your car in a tornado! Stay where you are. Get in, get down and cover up."
At 3:02 p.m., it tweeted this warning: "LARGE VIOLENT TORNADO moving toward Moore and SW OKC. Take cover right NOW!!! Do not wait!!"
On its Web page, the Oklahoma City Police Emergency Management Office warns that "when a tornado is coming, you have a short amount of time to make life or death decisions. Advance planning and quick response are the keys to surviving."
The Web page tells people at home to head to a the basement, storm cellar or the lowest level of the building. If there is no basement, it advises residents to get away from windows and to go to an inner hallway or a small inner room without windows, such as a bathroom or closet.
If someone is outdoors and no shelter is available, it advises to lie in a ditch or low-lying area or crouch near a strong building.
"Never try to outdrive a tornado," the site says. "Tornadoes can change direction quickly and can lift up a car or truck and toss it through the air."
Contributing: The Associated Press
Copyright 2015 USATODAY.com
Read the original story: Okla. residents took shelter in basements, bathtubs

My friend @orenmazor tweeted this:
way to increase visibility for the girl geek dinner by challenging the male geeks to figure out a way in http://is.gd/2Cc3F
The guy in question (Will Armstrong) first talks about how awesome the girl geek dinner will be. Okay, great. Then he whines because as a guy, he’s not invited. Okay, less great, but understandable. And then he offers a contest, “with the winner having yours truly as your guest at girl geek dinner and getting a featured blog post on startup ottawa.”
Uh, seriously awkward? Insulting? Worst way to ask for a date ever? Over-inflated ego much?
Certainly, I’m not impressed, and if I see this dude at the dinner (I’m hoping no one invites him), I’m going to be seriously tempted to pour a water pitcher over his head. And it’s putting me off the startup blog, too, with that “hey, the easiest way for women get on our blog is to pimp themselves to Will” vibe.

Jim and Debbie Millerís Daisy Devine continues to make her case for the 2012 Aiken Trained Horse of the Year as the 4-year-old filly goes gate-to-wire in winning the 1 1/8-mile Grade 3 Cardinal Handicap on the turf Saturday at Churchill Downs. The 4-year-old filly was broken and trained in Aiken by Todd Turner at Chime Bell Farm, and was later sent to Legacy Stableís Brad Stauffer and Ron Stevens at the Aiken Training Track. The filly eclipsed the $900,000 mark in earnings with her win in the Cardinal Handicap.
The dark bay daughter of Grade 2 winner Kafwain set the early fractions, and would dig in determindedly and repulse the challenge of eventual runner-up Julieís Love (GB) to score a head victory. Jockey Calvin Borel was in the irons on Saturday. The rider/horse combination had visited the winnerís circle last fall at Keeneland, when they captured the Grade 3 Pin Oak Valley View Stakes. It was the Andrew McKeever chargeís 6th stakes victory, and the first time in 3 career starts that Daisy Devine has finished in the money at Churchill Downs.
Daisy Devine joins her grand dam Impetuous Gal as winners of the Cardinal Handicap. Daisy Devine was sent off as the second choice in the wagering in the field of nine entries, and was the raceís highweight having been assigned 122 pounds. The half-sister to stakes winners Patent Pending and Bargainwiththdevil won her first Grade 1 race this spring with a score on the turf in the Jenny Wiley Stakes at Keeneland.
Daisy Devine has 8 wins, 2 seconds and 1 third from 15 starts, and has earned $901,271.
Notice about comments:
Aiken Standard is pleased to offer readers the enhanced ability to comment on stories. Some of the comments may be reprinted elsewhere in the site or in the newspaper. We ask that you refrain from profanity, hate speech, personal comments and remarks that are off point.

Out of his vast library of children's audiobooks, this is the one my 7-year-old son keeps coming back to as his preferred listen for falling asleep each night. Something about EB White's voice is both captivating and reassuring (his narration of Charlotte's Web is also excellent). I think it's an excellent story for kids age 4 and up. Boys especially are likely to identify with the characters of Sam (the boy) and Louis (the swan).
Report Inappropriate Content
If you find this review inappropriate and think it should be removed from our site, let us know. This report will be reviewed by Audible and we will take appropriate action.

Rob.Harper at CSC.FI
Thu Nov 19 00:36:28 EST 1992
>Path: funic!fuug!mcsun!uunet!cs.utexas.edu!sun-barr!ames!olivea!spool.mu.edu!umn.edu!news2.cis.umn.edu!gopher-news-daemon at boombox.micro.umn.edu
>From: foster at cs.unr.edu (Steve Foster)
>Subject: Veronica: an Archie for Gopher
>Message-ID: <9211180514.AA01778 at pyramid>
>Date: 18 Nov 92 05:14:43 GMT
>Sender: news at news2.cis.umn.edu
>Approved: comp.infosystems.gopher at news.cis.umn.edu
>X-Mailer: Mail User's Shell (7.1-unr.1 5/02/90)
>Original-To: PACS-L at UHUPVM1.bitnet
>Original-Cc: foster at pyramid.cs.unr.edu, gopher-news at boombox.micro.umn.edu,
> yanoff at csd4.csd.uwm.edu, decemj at rpi.edu, jeremy at atlantis.cs.orst.edu,
> comserv at rpiecs.bitnet, gblee at ucdavis.edu, rryan at panix.com
This is a new service that should help to relieve the resource-discovery
bottleneck in the rapidly-expanding gopher web. It adds global indexing
(by title keywords) to gopher's distributed information model.
Introductory announcement follows:
About the Veronica service
VERONICA: Very Easy Rodent-Oriented Net-wide Index to Computerized Archives.
Veronica offers a keyword search of most gopher-server menus in the entire
gopher web. As Archie is to ftp archives, Veronica is to gopherspace.
Unlike Archie, the search results can connect you directly to the data source.
Imagine an Archie search that lets you select the data, not just the host sites,
directly from a menu. Because Veronica is accessed through a gopher client, it
is easy to use, and gives access to all types of data supported by the gopher
Veronica was designed as a response to the problem of resource discovery
in the rapidly-expanding gopher web. Frustrated comments in the net
news-groups have recently reflected the need for such a service. Additional
motivation came from the comments of naive gopher users, several of whom
assumed that a simple-to-use service would provide a means to find resources
"without having to know where they are."
The result of a Veronica search is an automatically-generated gopher menu,
customized according to the user's keyword specification. Items on this
menu may be drawn from many gopher servers. These are functional gopher items,
immediately accessible via the gopher client ... just double-click to open
directories, read files, or perform other searches -- across hundreds of
gopher servers. You need never know which server is actually involved in
filling your request for information. Items that are appear particularly
interesting can be saved in the user's bookmark list.
Notice that these are NOT full-text searches of data at gopher-server sites,
just as Archie does not index the contents of ftp sites, but only the names
of files at those sites. Veronica indexes the TITLES on all levels of the
menus, for most gopher sites in the Internet. 258 gophers are indexed by
Veronica on Nov. 17, 1992; we have discovered over 500 servers and will
index the full set in the near future. We hope that Veronica will encourage
gopher administrators to use very descriptive titles on their menus.
To try Veronica, select it from the "Other Gophers" menu on Minnesota's
gopher server, or point your gopher at:
Name=Veronica (search menu items in most of GopherSpace)
Veronica is an experimental service, developed by Steve Foster and Fred Barrie
at University of Nevada. As we expect that the load will soon outgrow our
hardware, we will distribute the Veronica service across other sites in
the near future.
Please address comments to: gophadm at futique.scs.unr.edu
November 17, 1992
More information about the Bio-soft

Mouthwatering brunette with big jugs gets fucked outdoors by a caveman.
Blonde russian fucks caveman.
Caveman fucks french girl on the beach.
Ever meet a girl the you just had to fuck? Not like the usual attraction but a primal urge like that of a caveman to just drag her off to bed and ravage her? Maria silva is one of those girls, you just want to stick your dick in her and never stop!

Flamingo Las Vegas Renames Showroom After Headliners Donny & Marie in Celebration of Their Contract Extension Through 2014
Suggested Tweet: .@FlamingoVegas headliners @donnyosmond and @marieosmond extend contract and rename the Flamingo Showroom to the Donny & Marie Showroom.
Las Vegas, NV (Oct. 3, 2013) – /PRNewswire/ – – Flamingo Las Vegas has renamed its iconic showroom the “Donny & Marie Showroom” after America’s most beloved brother-sister duo, who, after recently celebrating their five year anniversary at the property, signed an extension to perform through 2014.
“It’s only fitting that we rename our showroom for Donny & Marie, whose show is not only sold out night after night, but has been named the ‘Best Show in Las Vegas,’” said Eileen Moore, regional president of Flamingo Las Vegas. “Donny & Marie have become one of the staple entertainers on the Strip and they’ve truly become part of our family. We’re proud to have them call the Flamingo ‘home’ and be part of our incredible history.”
“Donny and I are so flattered to have the showroom at Flamingo Las Vegas renamed after us, which has been a wonderful second home,” said Marie. “We are incredibly blessed to have the opportunity to continue performing for packed houses through 2014. Who would have thought we would still be here when we first signed a limited six-week engagement back in 2008?”
“As soon as I saw the beautiful showroom at the Flamingo, I knew that it would be the perfect place for us to perform,” said Donny. “It is such a rich part of Las Vegas history and the fact that they are naming this iconic venue after us is such an honor.”
In their show at Flamingo Las Vegas, Donny & Marie share five decades of entertaining in a non-stop, 90-minute show of live music, singing and dancing. The show features some of their chart-topping hits, including “Puppy Love,” “Paper Roses,” “Morning Side of the Mountain,” “I’m Leavin’ it (All) Up To You” and “Soldier of Love.” This showcase of unmatched harmonies continues today with their number one hit, “A Beautiful Life,” from their duet album, “Donny & Marie” (2011).
Donny & Marie perform at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday – Saturday in the Donny & Marie Showroom at Flamingo Las Vegas. Tickets range in price from $95 – $260 (plus taxes and fees) and are available at the Flamingo Box Office, by phone at (702) 733-3333 or (800) 221-7299 or by visiting www.flamingolasvegas.com.
Flamingo Las Vegas
Located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip, the Flamingo Las Vegas is a true desert oasis. The center Strip resort features more than 3,500 guest rooms including the newly renovated FAB rooms and the award-winning Flamingo GO Rooms and suites. The historic hotel-casino is home to a sprawling 15-acre pool and wildlife habitat complete with waterfalls, mature island vegetation and tropical wildlife, three distinctive pools and several outdoor wedding gardens. Flamingo Las Vegas offers a wide variety of dining options with eateries such as Jimmy Buffett’s Margaritaville, Center Cut Steakhouse and Mexican hot spot Carlos’n Charlie’s, and hosts an all-star line-up of entertainers. Brother-sister duo Donny & Marie dazzle audiences as the resort’s headliners, comedians George Wallace and Vinnie Favorito keep audiences laughing non-stop, Legends in Concert features live re-creations of superstars of yesterday and today and the late night adult revue X Burlesque showcases the sexiest ladies on the Strip. For more information, please visit www.flamingolasvegas.com or caesars.thedigitalcenter.com to access media materials and request high-resolution images. Find Flamingo Las Vegas on Facebook and follow on Twitter.
Public Relations Manager
Caesars Entertainment – Las Vegas Region

The House and Senate finally passed the FY 2013 Continuing Resolution which incorporated most of the sequester cuts ordered on March 1.
Only a few programs were amended to restore some of their original funding with a large majority of the across-the-board reductions being maintained. As detailed in my previous post, funding decreases to the National Endowment for the Arts remain at $7 million shaved off the $146 million annual budget.
The funding measure officially closes the books on the last fiscal year as Congress advanced separate budget resolutions for FY 2014. These resolutions are non-binding and do not require the signature of the president to pass, but they do provide instructions that will guide the appropriations process and inform the upcoming tax debates. They are to be taken seriously as the bills represent each party’s “vision” for fiscal policy.
The House version proposes deep cuts to discretionary spending, major changes to entitlements and tax reform that would dramatically lower marginal and corporate tax rates while balancing the budget in 10 years. Also, the House budget contains language for the third year in a row that takes aim at federal cultural funding:
“Federal subsidies for the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting can no longer be justified. The activities and content funded by these agencies go beyond the core mission of the federal government, and they are generally enjoyed by people of higher-income levels, making them a wealth transfer from poorer to wealthier citizens. These agencies can raise funds from private-sector patrons, which will also free them from any risk of political interference.”
So, there’s that.
The Senate version proposes to reduce the deficit with an even split of tax increases and spending reductions. Most notably, the Senate resolution suggests changes to itemized deductions, which might include the charitable deduction to raise revenues.
The mood on Capitol Hill suggests that a compromise on the starkly different budget proposals is doubtful. Will President Obama’s FY 2014 budget broach the divide between the two? We’ll find out the week of April 8 during Arts Advocacy Day.
Which leads to my second point. Today is the last day for advance registration for the national convening of state and local arts advocates here in Washington, DC (you can still attend via on-site registration on April 8 after today). As indicated previously, it could certainly be an interesting time for the federal budget.
If you require more convincing here are my two of my federal affairs colleagues, Natalie Shoop and Narric Rome, speaking about importance of NEA funding and why we need to add your voice to the discussion in a few weeks:

Some of the smartest people I know are intimidated by stock investing. It seems part of their problem is the mystery of corporate Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Tell these folks that stock ownership carries with it the task of reading 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and proxy statements, and they run into the waiting arms of mutual fund managers.
As an individual investor, I believe their fears are unfounded. But, then again, I remember feeling a little lost the first time I read through SEC filings. Back then I wished I had a tour guide. You, too? Well, my Fool, you're in luck, because it so happens that I had to read Akamai Technologies' (Nasdaq: AKAM ) proxy statement this morning. Follow along to see what I saw.
A proxy statement is short for a notice of the annual meeting of all shareholders. Akamai's gathering is May 25 in Cambridge, Mass. The document is called a "proxy" because you don't need to attend the meeting to vote on the proposals offered by management. Instead, you can read all about them in the document and vote by mail or over the Web. If you use a broker such as Ameritrade (Nasdaq: AMTD ) , Charles Schwab (NYSE: SCH ) , E*Trade (NYSE: ET ) , or privately held Fidelity, your broker will mail you the proxy, usually with the annual report and full financial report for the prior year, or 10-K.
At this year's meeting, Akamai will elect directors to its board, offer a proposal to increase the amount of common stock available for employees, and name PricewaterhouseCoopers as its auditor. Akamai management wants me, as part owner, to approve each of these proposals. Should I? Let's look.
Akamai has three board members up for election this year: Ron Graham, a computer scientist and professor at the University of California at San Diego; Tom Leighton, an Akamai cofounder; and Naomi Seligman, a partner in a technology strategy consulting firm. The proxy statement names no consulting or other arrangements -- disclosed under "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions," page 21 in the Akamai report -- which could jeopardize their judgment. That's a good sign, so I vote yes.
The stock plan is a little trickier. Akamai wants the authority to issue up to 7 million more shares for employees. While I can't argue that such incentives are important, I hate when new stock dilutes my ownership. In this case, Akamai would boost its available shares for incentives to roughly 48 million, or by a little less than 6%. If that seems high, consider that roughly 40 million of Akamai's 122 million shares issued, or 33%, are attributed to employees. Indeed, a note on page 2 shows that management and the Board hold 13% of company stock. I can tolerate minimal dilution when employees and management maintain heavy ownership interests. This proposal also gets a yes vote.
Finally, there's ratifying the auditor PWC. This usually looks like an easy call, but don't be deceived. We want to be sure our company's bookkeeper isn't on the take, collecting moolah for duties other than scouring the financials. On page 24, we see Akamai paid PWC roughly $880,000 during 2003. $55,000 of those fees, or 6%, was for supporting the annual information security risk assessment, whatever that is. I'd prefer it if PWC were only working the books, but this security assessment isn't a onetime event. PWC did a similar audit during 2002, for $49,000. I'll grudgingly vote yes, but lodge a complaint with Akamai's IR department.
And that's it. Hey, I realize you may not dig reading SEC filings like us Foolish freaks do, but was this exercise really that hard? Nope. All the information we found was written in English and easily accessible, either in the proxy statement, or in Akamai's financial statements. If you didn't sleep through fifth-grade math -- heck, even if you did but have 15 minutes and a calculator -- you can do what we did here with any stock you're interested in.
Is the idea of reading proxies keeping you up at night? Stop losing sleep. Get help juicing your returns from our Foolish analysts. You can check out their monthly recommendations in any of our investing newsletters risk-free.

Chowish Wedding Gift Ideas?
So my girlfriends brother is getting married in Toronto over the summer and i would like to get him and his bride-to-be a chow-worthy wedding gift as they appreciate tastiness as much as anybody.
Some searching through this board has yielded a variety of information about cooking classes and instruction offered in the area, and many of these seem to be well reviewed and only slightly out of my budget (grad student life doesnt pay the big bucks like they promised). Does anyone have any recent experience or rec's w/ regard to classes that are both fun and affordable (and perhaps romantic or otherwise appropriate as a wedding gift?)
Any other non-cooking class ideas (probably not just a gift certificate to a nice restaurant as i feel thats a bit too impersonal) ? There aren't too many constraints, im open to any suggestion of a nice experience based gift (or material ones too) in the range of about 200 dollars. Is there a cool food-oriented romantic experience that can be had in tornoto for that kind of money? Ideally one i could arrange from afar (california) that comes highly recommended.
I got my very chowish friend a sausage making class at the Healthy Butcher for Xmas, thanks to a chowhound rec. They are going Feb 13th so I'll report back how they liked it. $50 a head
On the other end of the food spectrum is the chocolate making classes at JS Bonbons.
The Healthy Butcher
565 Queen St W, Toronto, ON M5V, CA
163 Dupont St, Toronto, ON M5R, CA
My boyfriend and I took Sasi Thai's cooking class for our anniversary. While I wouldn't say it was the most romantic experience forever and ever amen, it was a lot of fun. Plus, he makes Pad Thai all the time now, which is great for me!
The owner Allan is this friendly, nutty, mile-a-minute guy, and his son Brandon who was our primary "teacher" was really nice and earnest. Went on a weekday night, so it was just the 2 of us, which was nice. You get to cook in their kitchen, and bring the food home. If you pay an extra ~$20/person, you get a lovely Thai meal afterwards. I think it came to about $180 (+tip) for the both of us? You can buy their house stirfry sauce to take home for apx $5 a jar, very tasty and great value.
Another idea would be a wine- or food-of-the month type club. Sadly, we have no where near the variety that you Americans do. Very little choice, actually... I've only been able to find a couple:
Wine & Cheese: http://www.winerytohome.com/files/sho...
Village Cheese: http://www.villagecheese.com/index2.html
List of food clubs that will ship to Canada: http://www.club-offers.com/guide/canada/
Some American sites will ship to Canada, but at outrageous cost.
323 Jarvis St, Toronto, ON M5B2C2, CA
Toronto Island Airport has sundown skyline of TO helicopter rides X20 min that include chocolates, drink and just you and your honey. Very special and we went 2 autumns ago for $150.00.
If the couple likes to get their hands messy in the kitchen, there are some places that will ship live lobsters from Maine or the East Coast. Some of them come with accessories (shell crackers, etc.). I'm afraid I can't offer reviews (never tried), but they're priced so that you can probably also spring for a nice bottle of wine or bubbly along with the meal:

Posted at: 09/06/2013 11:41 PM
Updated at: 09/06/2013 11:44 PM
Steven Wright shut down the Red Wings in a 5-1 Pawtucket Red Sox win Friday night at McCoy Stadium. The win puts the PawSox ahead in the best-of-five series two games to one, with a chance to end the first round series Saturday at 6:05 p.m. Eric Farris had two hits and a walk, and made an outstanding catch in the outfield. Rochester sends Scott Diamond to the mound Saturday, with Matt Barnes starting for Pawtucket.
The mound matchup featured Rochester rookie left-hander Pat Dean, who pitched for Boston College and lives in nearby Naugatuck, MA. Dean was opposed by knuckleballer Wright, who blanked the Wings for seven innings at Frontier Field July 6. Wright retired the Wings in order in the first inning, but Dean's first inning wasn't quite as smooth. With one out, Dean allowed a pair of singles and a walk to load the bases for the dangerous Bryce Brentz. Dean snagged a comebacker to the mound, threw home to catcher Eric Fryer for a force out, then Fryer threw to first to complete the double play and escape trouble.
Aaron Hicks became the Wings' first baserunner when he doubled with two out in the second inning. Hicks stole third, but Farris was retired after a hard hit ball to the hole at short. Shortstop Heiker Meneses and first baseman Drew Sutton combined for nice defense on both ends of the play for the third out.
A throwing error helped the PawSox take the lead in the second inning. After a fine fielding play at shortstop, Eduardo Escobar's throw to first was in the dirt and Dan Butler ended up at second base with none out. Brock Holt followed with a single to score Butler, and Pawtucket led 1-0. A ground out by Jackie Bradley, Jr. pushed the lead to 2-0 after two innings.
The Wings mounted another scoring threat in the third inning. Ray Olmedo doubled and Fryer walked, and Jermaine Mitchell put down a perfect sacrifice bunt to move the runners over. James Beresford walked, but Escobar hit into a double play and was called out at first base despite appearing to beat the throw.
Left fielder Farris made the defensive play of the series so far in the bottom of the third inning. With two outs and a runner at third, Butler drilled a line drive toward the gap ion left-center field. Farris ran to his left, dove and then snagged the ball while falling to the ground for the third out of the inning.
The Wings left two more runners on base against Wright in the fourth, running their team total to five left on base at that point. With two outs and two on, Olmedo lofted a ball down the left field line that landed foul by a couple of feet. Olmedo grounded out to end the rally attempt.
Dean (0-1) recovered from the shaky start to retire six straight batters, until Sutton singled with one out in the fifth inning. Dean recorded his first strikeout of the game when he retired Alex Hassan for the second out;. that's when Hamilton hit a two-run homer over the wall in right field, putting Pawtucket ahead 4-0.
The Wings had another scoring chance in the sixth, with runners at second and third with two outs. Wright notched his fifth strikeout of the game against Olmedo, and Rochester had added to their left on base total.
Dean worked five innings, allowing eight hits and four runs (three earned), walking one and striking out one. Rookie Trevor May relieved Dean in the sixth, making his Triple-A debut after joining the Wings this week from Double-A New Britain.
Wright (1-0) exited with one out in the seventh, after allowing a single to Mitchell. Wright threw 117 pitches, allowing six hits and four walks while recording six strikeouts. Pedro Beato replaced Wright and allowed a bunt hit to Beresford, then struck out the next two batters to end the inning.
The Red Wings finally got on the scoreboard in the eighth inning against Beato. With one out, Hicks singled and Farris drew a walk. Olmedo singled to drive in Hicks and make it a 4-1 game. Ryan Rowland-Smith took over for Beato and struck out the next two batters.
May worked 2 2/3 innings, allowing two hits, an earned run and a walk while striking out three.
Pawtucket out-hit the Wings 11-9. Rochester left 13 men on base in the game, and made three errors.

Life in New York City from the ’60s to the ’80s has been documented more or less from stem to stern. The multiple modern-art movements, the wanton sexuality, the rise of punk and hip-hop, and the preoccupation with debt, blackouts, serial killers, and the ongoing soap opera of the New York Yankees have all been charted, analyzed, and in some cases even fictionalized. Celine Danhier’s documentary Blank City inevitably overlaps some of what’s gone before. While covering the ’70s and ’80s underground film and music scenes that came to be known as “No Wave,” Blank City hits all the usual marks: how NYC used to be a total shit-heap, ruled by rats and roaches, and how a group of young artists gravitated to each other, determined to rebel against the generation before and to “do something different,” until big money, Ronald Reagan, and AIDS changed everything. In the abstract, this story’s been told before.
But in its particulars, Blank City is long overdue. Danhier focuses mainly on the no-budget cinema that arrived in concert with the emergence of bands like Television and the Ramones. Musicians were making movies, artists were making music; according to famous scenester John Lurie, “Nobody was doing what they knew how to do.” While living in massive, dirt-cheap studio apartments in a crumbling downtown, budding filmmakers Amos Poe, Eric Mitchell, Michael Oblowitz, Jim Jarmusch, Vivienne Dick, and Scott B and Beth B borrowed cameras, stole film, and headed out into their bombed-out neighborhoods with friends like Lurie, Steve Buscemi, Ann Magnuson, Debbie Harry, Vincent Gallo, Jean-Michel Basquiat, and Lydia Lunch to shoot plotless Super 8 movies full of ugliness and rage. The films screened at punk clubs and art spaces, and eventually made it into international festivals and onto the radar screens of big-time critics and the uptown art crowd.
Danhier could’ve done a better job of keeping the timeline straight, and her talking-head-plus-archival-footage format doesn’t do full justice to filmmakers who prided themselves on unconventionality. But it’s exciting to see clips from these often-hard-to-find films, and it’s rare for a rise-and-fall-of-an-artistic-movement story to have a second act, as Blank City does. After critical respectability and art-world megabucks stifled the original No Wave generation, another group quickly followed, led by Nick Zedd and Richard Kern, pledging allegiance to an even nastier-looking “cinema of transgression.” In the end, Blank City becomes not just a salute to the artistic adventurousness of a bygone New York, but a reminder that new strains of creativity keep emerging, just when the scene looks stalest.

The Canadian fishing trip for the PHS Sportsman’s Club is nowcompleted and now we are all unpacking. The Green River Lines pickedthem all up at Sullivan’s at one o’clock on May 31 and headed north. On board was the PHS club plus eight DNR officers and a group from Missouri. Several adult fishermen from Princeton also joined us. Vern Sondgeroth fished with his two grandsons as did Brian Ford with his daughter, Brooke.
They got to Black Bear Lodge Saturday at noon. All their gear wastransported to the cabins and then they met at the dining hall forsafety and camp instructions. After five o’clock supper, they allloaded up their boats and headed out to try their luck.
Sunday after breakfast, they were at it again. After six hours offishing, many came back with walleye and northern pike. Since they had a late ice out, the walleye were scattered and they had to work harder to get them.
Aaron Carrow captained a boat with two ladies aboard, Hailey Hilmes and McKenzie Cain. They were followed by the a second boat with the watchful eyes of Morgan Lilley and Corey Buck. Miss Cain got the biggest pike of the day with a 32-inch slot fish. Slot pike are 27-35 inches and they have to be thrown back. They usually weigh about 5-9 pounds. I haven’t got the days separated, but Brooke Ford matched her last year’s pike by landing a 14-pound pike and a couple days later, her Dad Brian, caught a 15-pound pike.
Another great achievement was accomplished by Wyatt Burdette, the grandson of John Kirgan. When a fisherman catches a walleye over 5 pounds, a pike over 10 pounds, and a lake trout over 10 pounds during the week, they receive a triple header pin. Great job, Wyatt!
During the week, our group caught eight pike over 10 pounds, four of which were 15 pounds or over. The week before, our friend Ken Funfsinn from Mendota, caught a pike weighing 15.6 pounds. I caught a live clam(4 ounces).
One of my biggest thrills was fishing with Brian Brutcher, a former athlete from PHS. We have been friends since the ‘70s. This Canada trip has been on his “bucket list” for several years. When he finally retired, he found time to go with us this year. We caught a few walleye and Brian caught several slot pike but Thursday, we decided to try for lake trout. We can’t keep them due to regulations, but theyare strong fish and fun to catch.
We circled a sunken island several times and then Brian yelled “I got one.” His pole was nearly bent double as he kept a tight line trying to keep the fish under control. Twenty four minutes later, Brianguided the trout into the dip net I hoisted the fish into the boat andBrian let out a yell. I wished you could have seen his smile. Way togo, Brian!
During our week at camp, we were treated with several sightings of wildlife. The two we look for the most are moose and bears. Dr. Jon McCutchan took several pictures of a bear swimming from one island to another. Brian and I saw a moose doing the same thing. As usual, loons and beavers were plentiful. We love the eerie loon call.
How quickly the week passed. Friday evening and Saturday morning we loaded the bus. We were on the road before 10 a.m. By the careful driving of Captain John Smith and Justin York, the bus pulled into to Princeton at 6 a.m. Sunday. Now we have to wait 51 weeks before we head northagain
Local note: Spring Valley Walleye Club will have clean-up at Barto Landing this Saturday, 7 a.m. to noon. Helpers would be appreciated. Lunch will be provided.
Lee Wahlgren is the BCR Outdoor Columnist. Contact him at firstname.lastname@example.org

These are among our hottest selling boxes. They are made from thick, opaque polypropylene, giving them a real solid feel. Great latches and hinges. Well laid out compartments with individual lids. They feature an O-ring and a very tight seal which makes them waterproof.|
8 compartments in base
1 large divided (8) compartment in lid
4 1/4" x 3 3/4" x 1 3/8"

The Inferno Canto XXX
Two rabid souls run towards Dante and his companions. Dante compares their aspect to the insane mythological figures Athamas of Thebes and Hecuba of Troy. The first grabs Capocchio by the neck with his tusks and drags him belly-down along the floor of the chasm. Griffolino identifies this soul as Gianni Schicchi, who impersonated the dead Buoso Donati on his son's request in order to change his will in their favor. Gianni gained a beautiful horse known as Lady of the troop. The other crazed soul is Myrrha, who disguised herself in order to seduce her father whom she lusted after. Dante notices another soul with an enormously swollen belly, who introduces himself as Master Adam. He counterfeited the florin of Florence and was burnt to death for it. In Hell he suffers extreme thirst that causes his belly to extend, and longs to find the man who convinced him to make the coins, Guido. Dante asks him to identify two souls lying next to Adam and emitting vapors, and he says they are Potiphar's wife, who falsely accused Joseph of attempting to seduce her, and Sinon the Greek who convinced the Trojans to bring the wooden horse within their city walls. They fume due to the burning fever they suffer. Sinon hits Adam in the belly and Adam returns the blow in Sinon's face. They begin one-upping each other with insults as Dante listens intently. Virgil reprimands Dante for his interest in such vulgar discourse and Dante is deeply ashamed.

The Want-to-Be Mommy WarsMarch 18th, 2014
There is a whole community of women out there I’m sure most of you don’t know. And for that, I’m thankful. It’s a community of women who are struggling with infertility. Some of them have suffered the crushing reality of recurrent pregnancy loss, while others have never been pregnant a day in their lives. Then there is a large area of grey in the middle. Some women have issues they know all about, but have yet to find the right plan for getting themselves a THB (that’s a “to hold baby” in infertility lingo). There are some who have no know issues, but still cannot get pregnant, which is an infuriating medical mystery. Some are dealing with male factor issue, or age related issues. And some are suffering primary fertility, while others suffer secondary.
Emotions are high in all of these groups, and while everyone has the same goal, the community can be as welcoming as it can be polarizing.
Women who have one issue can inadvertently (and sometimes not so inadvertently) make quips about how they are happy they at least don’t have another, more complicated one. Women can wish they had one ailment, assuming it would be easier to manage than the one they have. And people are fast and furious with their advice on just what outer worldly things will get you pregnant (for instance always sleep with socks on, never eat cold foods, avoid dairy, gluten, sugar, alcohol, and caffeine and take 8 heaping tablespoons of maca root and tiger cock essence while standing on one leg under a full moon and shaking your moon stones while saying fertility in 19 languages).
It can be difficult to filter everything, and just take what you need. It can be difficult not to upset someone else when you discuss your successes and failures. And just like there are mommy wars, there are want-to-be-mommy wars just waiting to be waged.
One such war I’ve sat on the sidelines of for the last 21 months, is the war waged between those suffering primary infertility (the inability to get pregnant or carry a child to term) and secondary infertility (the inability to get pregnant or carry a child to term after having had one or more children).
I just don’t understand it.
Some women suffering primary infertility claim those of us suffering secondary are “lucky”. At least we have a child to care for, so it’s not the same. And you know what? It ISN’T the same. And that’s exactly why it’s not a topic anyone should debate.
It took a long time (14 months) for us to get pregnant the first time. I felt some of the same sense of loss I do now, but in the end, we got pregnant without medical intervention. I cannot claim to know what it’s like to suffer the pains of primary infertility. And while the two are related, they are not the same.
While I get the privilege of suffering the emotions I face while trying not to impact the child I have, it does not soften the pain. While I am so very lucky to know what motherhood feels like, I also am so acutely aware of what I’m missing not starting that journey again. While I enjoy having a child in my family, I suffer the reality that I may never give her the sibling I so want to. And while people have trouble understanding primary fertility but offer condolences (trite as they may be) I face people who instead of offering me any words of encouragement remind me that this selfish desire to add a child to our family is impacting the child I already have. And then get asked why I don’t think she is enough, as if that’s what this is all about. I am constantly belittled because I have a child, and that somehow negates my right to yearn for another. People’s sympathy comes in the form of “2 kids is harder than you think” and “just love the one you’ve got” and I am supposed to smile and nod my way through that.
I don’t know what it’s like to go through primary infertility, but I can assume the pain of that is right in line with the pain of secondary infertility. I have additional things to think about, like the emotional and financial impact any fertility treatments might have on the child I already have. The watching as my child’s peers go on to have sibling relationships she so longs to have. And the lack of empathy from a whole group of women who I would hope would know how lonely and alienating this is.
My struggle isn’t worse that anyone else’s, but it isn’t easier either. Everyone has a right to feel their situation to the full extent. It’s always easy to think the grass is always greener, and I can’t say I wish I suffered primary so that I didn’t have to suffer secondary. It’s not that at all. It’s just that secondary infertility is so lonely and when I have to eliminate those suffering primary infertility from my possible support centre, it leaves me without anywhere to turn. Fertile people don’t get the pain; they don’t understand the emotional strain. I’ve alienated more than one group of people through this process, who don’t want to continually hear about how depressed I am over something the think I should just “move past”. I adopted a “don’t tell unless asked” policy and no one ever asked, so I stopped telling all together.
The parenting wars are ridiculous, and we should all work harder at trying to stop them. If not for our own sanity, then for the state of the world we hope to leave for our children. However, if we start to have pre-parent wars, then we are really doomed.
We need to support each other, in all our struggles and triumphs, because the alternate is a grim reality.
No one struggles harder than you, so remember that when you’re considering the struggles of someone else who knows the same to be true for them.

The inquiry centres on claims unfranked stamps were peeled off mail sent to the firm's Darlington offices, and reused or sold them.
Some stamps were reportedly sold on eBay with one rare and unfranked example fetching more than £1500.
A spokesman for the firm, which is headquartered in Glasgow, said: "The Student Loans Company is currently investigating a number of alleged incidents of theft at its Darlington office. We can confirm that some members of staff involved in these incidents have now left the company."
The firm, which employs around 1200 people in Darlington, confirmed that four staff were sacked and two resigned. The company is working with Royal Mail and will "review the information we have available to share with the police".

Grand Archaeology - Excavation and Discovery along the Colorado River
News Release Date:
May 2, 2011
Contact: Maureen Oltrogee
Grand Canyon News Release
Release date: Immediate
Contact(s): Maureen Oltrogge
Phone number: 928-638-7779
Date: May 2, 2011
Grand Archaeology Exhibit on Excavation Project along the Colorado River Open at Kolb Studio
Grand Canyon, Ariz. -- Grand Archaeology: Excavation and Discovery along the Colorado River, an exhibit highlighting archaeological excavations that took place between 2007 and 2009 along the Colorado River, is open at Kolb Studio on the South Rim of Grand Canyon National Park. The exhibit consists of interpretive panels, artifacts recovered during the excavation, representative tools the crews used during excavation, and an interactive virtual tour. It tells the story of what was learned about the people who lived in the canyon hundreds and thousands of years ago and about the challenges of conducting archaeological research in the remote setting of the Colorado River at the bottom of Grand Canyon.
This free exhibit will be on display at the Kolb Studio from 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. daily through September 7, 2011. The exhibit will then be on display at the Museum of Northern Arizona for one year starting on from October 1, 2011. The Grand Archaeology exhibit is the result of collaboration between the National Park Service, Museum of Northern Arizona, and the Grand Canyon Association, the official partner of Grand Canyon National Park.
The Grand Archaeology project consisted of excavations at nine archaeological sites that were being impacted by erosion and could not be stabilized in place. The excavations were conducted cooperatively with the Museum of Northern Arizona and represent the results of the first major excavations in nearly 40 years in the park.
The National Park Service has a preservation mandate, making archaeological excavations uncommon and undertaken only when sites cannot be preserved in place. Excavation provided a rare opportunity for archaeological research in the park. Jan Balsom, Deputy Chief of Science and Resource Management, said, "This project provided some important insights into the prehistory of the river corridor. Some sites were used repeatedly over a long period of time; others revealed evidence of prehistoric cotton cultivation, beautiful masonry work, and evidence of jewelry manufacture. Altogether, this project has greatly enhanced our understanding of the lives of the people who lived here in the past."
Balsom added, "We thought it was extremely important to share these findings with the public via an exhibit in Kolb Studio and at the Museum of Northern Arizona. Not only does the exhibit include some of the artifacts recovered during the excavation, it communicates what life was like for the people who lived along the river and the methods archaeologists use to learn about the past."
The excavation project was funded by park entrance fees through the Federal Recreation Lands Enhancement Act. Public outreach has been an integral part of the project since its inception. More than 2000 Colorado River trip participants were able to view the excavations in progress, and a professional photographer and videographer were at more than half the sites to document the scientific work. In addition to the Grand Archaeology exhibit, two multimedia features on the project are also available on the park's website.
The Grand Canyon River Archeology Virtual Tour available online at http://www.nps.gov/features/grca/001/archeology/index.html includes four excavated sites, along with overviews from the South Rim and along the river corridor. Viewers of the virtual tour can enter excavated rooms, and click on information tabs to learn more about features within rooms, such as hearths and ventilator shafts, and learn more about the excavation tools that archaeologists use. Balsom said, "The virtual tour is a tremendous learning tool. Not only is it fun to be able to look around the rooms, but the tour contains a great deal of explanatory material. Since the sites have been re-buried to protect them from further erosion, the virtual tour is the only way to now view these sites."
"Archeology along the Colorado River," at http://www.nps.gov/grca/historyculture/archeology-along-the-colorado-river-video.htm, is an approximately 15-minute video on the excavation project that features footage of the excavations and interviews with archeologists and tribal elders conducted during the project. This stunning video not only overviews the excavations, but offers insights into the significance of the work.
Grand Canyon National Park Acting Superintendent Barclay Trimble said, "We are very excited to have this exhibit at Kolb Studio, and to have partnered with the Museum of Northern Arizona in the research project. Many people are unaware that Grand Canyon National Park has such a long record of human use and occupation. This exhibit shares some of the challenges we face relative to conservation work the National Park Service does to manage this special place and how we work cooperatively with organizations such as the Museum of Northern Arizona to learn more about park resources."
Museum of Northern Arizona Executive Director Dr. Robert G. Breunig said, "The Museum of Northern Arizona which has a long tradition of scientific work in the Grand Canyon, has been pleased to be a part of this exciting project which has included the first archaeological excavations along the Colorado River corridor in a generation. Under the leadership of Principal Investigator Dr. Ted Neff of the Museum of Northern Arizona staff, the National Park Service and Museum of Northern Arizona team gained new insights into the long span of human occupation in the Grand Canyon and the ways in which peoples have adapted to the Canyon environment through time."
Grand Canyon Association presents exhibits in Kolb Studio to foster stewardship and inspire a sense of wonder for visitors from around the world.
Grand Canyon Association Chief Executive Officer Susan Schroeder said, "Our mission is to help preserve and protect Grand Canyon National Park by cultivating support through education and understanding of the park. The Grand Archaeology exhibit supports that mission by helping those who visit the show in Kolb Studio have a deeper understanding of the cultural history of the park. "
For additional information, please contact Jen Dierker Grand Canyon National Park archaeologist, at 928-638-7479.

Whenever actual activities are supported by a system, symbolic activities must take into account timing constraints on their execution.
Processes usually combine different activities whose execution has to be synchronized. Corresponding constraints and rules are evaluated and enforced at run-time, often as a complement and/or alternative to object synchronization rules and constraints. Similarly, the synchronization of activities may be limited to the processing of symbolic objects or applies also to actual processes.
The objective of requirements analysis being to set the foundations of architecture driven modelling without preempting architectural decisions, synchronization constraints must stick to business concerns and targets:
- Synchronization of business objects representation.
- Synchronization between symbolic activities according to flow dependencies.
- Synchronization between symbolic and actual activities according to timing and operational constraints.
It must be reminded that synchronization between actual activities is not to be considered because no system is involved.
As for objects, symbolic and actual synchronization can be defined locally or across distributed contexts. As far as architecture is concerned, local synchronization constraints can be ignored since they can be managed by execution units without calling on system resources. Regarding distributed activities, it will be necessary to distinguish between symbolic activities, which make no reference to actual events, and actual ones, which will put specific constraints on communication architectures.
While symbolic and actual synchronization constraints may clearly overlap, they seldom coincide and given that their impact on architectures is meant to be significantly different, requirements should be as explicit as possible regarding synchronization policies.
The benefits of separate descriptions appear when, for a set of given symbolic dependencies, alternative control strategies can be used: activity-driven control, derived from flow dependencies, or event-driven control, which introduces a dedicated mechanism on top of symbolic synchronization: For instance, assembling an equipage following a customer request can be driven by:
- Activity: horse and chariot are fetched according customer’s preferences and then associated into equipage.
- Event: some feedback is introduced in such a way that a new search can be triggered for a chariot to fit the horse, or vice-versa.
The actual synchronization of activities can be seen as a broader view of real-time activities.

I've just finished reading this book: Emergence: The connected lives of ants, brains, cities and software by Steven Johnson. This is an interested read into the concepts of Emergence and how systems evolve without dictorial control or direction. I wish that Johnson had concentrated a little more on the characteristics the nodes that form an Emergent system (too many metaphors for my liking), but all in all it's a good read.
This got me thinking around the possible relation of Emergence and SOA. Let's say we had the technology to create an SOA with thousands of interconnected services - all performing local tasks with no appreciation of the bigger picture, but all working towards a common goal. Before thinking about how I'd start building this, one thing I struggle with is what kind of use case could be used for such a system. What kind of task is really going to take advantage of this infrastructure?
The obvious that come to mind are data analysis applications (the popular ones created by United Devices are a great example of this), but reading about the dynamics of emergent systems in the book, I think there are more possibilities. This is especially true if each service has the ability to change it's role based on day to day demand. For example, today the service is working on payment processing - tomorrow, because of the release of a new product, the service changes roles to work on incoming orders to meet demand.
Any other good use cases I could be missing? What would make this compelling?

Tristan Vaughan and Morgan Duke Vaughan will begin a six-week course in Shakespeare at Guild Hall on Monday. The class is open to ages 16 and up, and will concentrate on sonnets, monologues, mask work, and scene work, culminating with a presentation in conjunction with the Naked Stage at the John Drew Theatre on Nov. 28. The classes will be held from 6 to 9 p.m., and cost $300, or $275 for Guild Hall members.
Morgan Vaughan was recently selected by the East End Arts Council as the new coordinator of the Teeny Awards, which honors local school productions with a red-carpet night reminiscent of the Tony Awards. In her new position, Ms. Vaughan plans to highlight past Teeny winners who have gone on to successful careers other than in the arts, showing the importance of drama programs in schools to help kids with confidence and team-playing.

tf at noto.de
Mon Mar 10 02:02:26 PDT 2008
thanks for the x.org wiki-page.
The other day I also tried to follow-up on the krh's blog, but as you
mentioned, all this proto & libs really send me in a dependency hell.
I like to build git x-server (intel), but with latest Ubuntu (7.10).
It looked like I need to compile a larger sub-set of the X module
tree. (Ubuntu headers too old :-( )
I tried some the scripts downloading the complete module tree, but
always got stuck with some errors (missing dependencies or program
error in exotic driver etc.).
What would be really cool, is to have a shell scrip that just selects
modules really needed and that are (hopefully) more or less stable.
Maybe even a script taking care about Mesa and DRI as well.
I'm sure, a lot of guys like to test git, but just get stuck.
On Sat, Mar 8, 2008 at 3:44 AM, Jesse Barnes <jbarnes at virtuousgeek.org> wrote:
> I found myself pointing people at krh's blog post on building the stack a lot
> recently, so I figured it should be made into an x.org wiki page. We already
> had a git development guide started, so I updated it based on krh's guide and
> a couple of the replies in his blog.
> Please give it a try and update it as needed (it could use a little
> beautifying, for example adding links for the various sections), and is
> missing proto & library build info, as well as a Gallium build guide, but it
> should be useful as-is...
> xorg mailing list
> xorg at lists.freedesktop.org
More information about the xorg

Another theater company has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy. Chestnut Hill, Mass.-based GC Cos. Inc., the parent company of General Cinema recently joined the ranks of United Artists Theater Co., Edwards Cinemas, Carmike Cinemas and Regal, that has suffered from overbuilding and weak movie releases.
Also, Richard Smith resigned as CEO of General Cinema, and senior vice president and CIO of GC Cos. He will continue to serve as chairman of the board for the company. Robert Smith has resigned as president and COO of General Cinema. Gail Edwards was named president and COO in addition to her current position as CFO.
General Cinema has closed 36 under-performing theaters with 264 screens in Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, North Carolina, Texas, Ohio, New Jersey, California and Washington. The company will also close an additional 17 theaters with 103 screens by the end of November.
The theater companies embarked upon a massive expansion plan to build stadium-style megaplexes, which have effectively rendered the older theaters obsolete. Moviegoers prefer the creature comfort of the newer theaters.

Many years ago hearing instruments were bulky and uncomfortable to wear. Today’s advanced hearing aids offer a variety of discrete and comfortable options. Award-winning designs have proven to be aesthetically appealing, naturally comfortable, and virtually unnoticeable.
Dr. Gregory is a Board Certified Doctor of Audiology. She received a Bachelor’s in Communication Disorders from the University of Pittsburgh in 1992, she earned her Master’s of Science.<read more>..
Dr. Howard is a certified Doctor of Audiology, certified by the American Board of Audiology and the American Speech and Hearing Association. She earned her undergraduate degree in Speech and Hearing.<read more>..

Now, today's presentations are much more lively, you can do lots of fun stuff with them. Play videos, animate text, blink tags (nooooo!!!!!) and much more. My company even makes a product where you can collaboratively develop slides.
But, fundamentally slides are a data sink. How do you get data out of a slide? Copy and paste. It promotes a style of presentation that is artfully designed, and final. Sure, you can copy slides back and forth from one deck to another. Sure, you can change how they look, and copy and paste the text into other documents. But try to get the data out of the slides programatically. Or better yet, auto generate some slides from data. Wouldn't it be great to have all your slides tagged for content, or have it in an XML format that allowed you to XQuery for specific content?
The other thing I hate is it encourages people to think they can present a topic if they have the slides. That they don't need to know the actual content, just be able to read the slides and ad lib a bit. Slides should be an end point, a representation of an accumulated knowledge.
I prefer to show code or run demos, but there's usually not a great way to share that kind of presentation off a conference web site. But there's a well established tradition of sharing slides.
I actually developed a really not great version of a slides database back in 2005. It ran on Berkeley DB and had a Java interface. I realize how hard it is to conceptualize this kind of app.
I'm not saying I have the answer either. But I'm really tired of apps that are just about presenting data and don't actually allow any access to that data. How did we get to a point where the static visualization of content was the final point of how to communicate it? Why is our model for content sharing an outmoded form of film production?

A former client of mine sent me an email with some great questions about starting an online business and I thought I would answer them right here on the podcast so you can benefit from this information as well. I’ll share what I learned when starting my own business years ago that I didn’t expect, what I would do differently if I were getting started today, and what is essential for success. Building a business is a journey where you are always learning and making adjustments as you go along. It’s something you have to really want for yourself in order to ride out the ups and downs.
Here I provide information related to the business of being a virtual assistant. You'll find tips, training, and get a behind the scenes look at my virtual service based business. Whether you consider yourself to be a VA, social media manager, virtual service provider, or freelancer, you're in the right place!
Are you a Coach, Trainer, or Podcaster in need of getting assistance with your online presence?
As a technical online business consultant, I can help with WordPress, Social Media, Webinars, Teleseminars, and Google Hangouts. Click the button and head to my service based website (VirtualHiredHand.com) to get more information.
How serious are you about your business? Are you just doing it casually until you can find a better opportunity? This podcast is for serious business owners who are excited and committed to serving clients well. We’ll review three ways for you to know that you really are serious about it. In the second half, I’ll explain why it’s not a good idea to give out your rates during the initial conversation with a potential client. You need time to review all the details of what’s involved in the project and come up with a reasonable rate, so I have a tip on how you can handle it if you feel pressured to give a rate on the spot.
Have you thought about how your business would continue if you suddenly became ill or got called away for an emergency? Do you have a backup plan if your power goes out or your WiFi goes down? What if something happened to the tools that you use for your business? These are all important questions to ask yourself so you can put a plan in place and not have the service for your clients interrupted. Your contingency plan might include a team of people that could be your backup. Another way to be prepared is to start documenting everything you do and I’ll share some tools in this episode for doing just that.

Over the last couple of years I’ve read and written a lot about the importance of building a company culture that fosters creative problem-solving, employee longevity, and greater employee productivity. Having started my small business career working with my father in his small industrial supply business over thirty years ago, he’s likely rolling over in his grave at some of my suggestions, but that facts are:
- The social contract between the workforce and employers has changed
- The workforce is different today from what it was 30 or 40 years ago
Although my Dad’s generation might not like these changes, I believe they have fostered a work environment where creativity and challenging the status quo have created products and technological advances that previous generations of workers would have never imagined. With that said, many business leaders still cling to some of the old notions of how to manage people while they claim to espouse the new workplace with open arms. With that in mind, let me suggest a few things that will help today’s business leaders (and that includes small business owners as well as enterprise executives) put their money where their mouth is.
Abandon Your Reliance on the Money for Time Contract with Your Workforce: My Dad was a real clock-watcher. He paid very close attention to when you came and when you left. If one of his employees was headed out the door at 5:00 pm, he would comment, “Have you got your track shoes on? You in a hurry to get out of here?”
It’s not like they were cutting out every afternoon at 3:00 or 4:00 pm. If that were the case, my Dad (and many just like him) would have thought that his employees were stealing from him. At the same time, those same “bosses” (Dad included) didn’t give a second thought to stealing an hour or two each day from their employees by expecting them to work late without paying them for it.
I once had a boss who said, “Ty, if you’re putting in eight hours a day you should probably think about putting in nine. If you’re putting in nine hours a day, you should probably think about putting in ten or eleven.”
Of course he wasn’t planning on paying me any more for the extra hours. That was over twenty years ago, have things changed?
I was in a meeting just a couple of years ago as the CEO of our company suggested, to be a good employee in his company putting in your eight hours every day wasn’t enough. He suggested that we should think about it, but maybe ten or eleven hours a day was more appropriate. I don’t work there anymore.
I’m glad I learned to work hard in the early days of my career. Today, my wife would claim that I am my father’s son (I’m not sure if that’s good or not).
Nevertheless, technology has created an atmosphere where the lines between work life and personal life are so blurred that many of my colleagues and I are addressing emails, answering phone calls, and otherwise working at night, on the weekends, and while on vacation. Because of that, I question whether or not it’s beneficial to castigate an employee who leaves a few minutes early at the end of the day, knowing that he or she will be dealing with work issues later in the evening or before they even get out of bed in the morning (I have to admit, the first thing I do every morning, as soon as my eyes open, is check my email).
At least for knowledge workers, the money for time contract just doesn’t work anymore. Let it go. Most of your employees are giving you more time than you’re paying for anyway.
Embrace the Idea of Allowing Your Employees to Work Remotely (When Appropriate): Over the last several years, I’ve worked with a number of colleagues in different locations around the country and the world. I’ve seen it work well, and I’ve seen it work not so well. Some employees do better working from home than others. However, there are some who do better working from home than in an office.
- Page 1 / 2

Has Rihanna finally had enough of Chris and all of the drama attached to having a relationship with him? Her latest tweet sure sounds that way. Read on for all the details.
Since reuniting with the love of her life Chris Brown, Rihanna has been on a non-stop roller coaster. Has the singer decided to move on because Chris can’t fully commit and is still running around with Karrueche Tran?
On Jan.9, Rihanna tweeted, “Mother Mary… I swear I wanna change #2013″. Could this mean that the singer is planning on dumping Chris for good?
Rihanna To Break Up With Chris Brown? — More Ominous Tweets
Rihanna, 24, than re-tweeted a series of messages from “Spiritual Truth” which included,”You must stand up for yourself, being spiritual is not about being weak & submissive, it is about standing for honesty”, and “If you do not take notice of the danger signs, something will always happen to slow you down, until you do take notice.”
Rihanna then re-tweeted, “You must break free of self made limitations & conditioning from your upbringing, if you wish to awaken your potential.”
Is Rihanna getting too many “danger signs” from Chris, 23, and feeling like she needs to “break free” from all the chaos still swirling around their up and down relationship?
Rihanna’s Fed Up With Chris’ Relationship With Karrueche Tran
As HollywoodLife.com reported earlier, Chris was spotted out with his ex Karrueche, 24, on Jan. 6, even though he promised Rihanna that he was completely over her.
When Rihanna found out that the two had seen each other while she was in Ireland, the singer shared a photo message on her Twitter account that read, “I believe in second chances, I just don’t think everyone deserves them.”
Do you think Rihanna needs to make some changes in 2013? What do YOU think HollywoodLifers? Should Rihanna finally break up with Chris for good?
More On Rihanna & Chris Brown:
- Rihanna & Karreuche Tran Will Both Dump Chris Brown
- Rihanna Dissing Chris Brown After He Saw Karrueche Tran
- Karrueche Tran: Rihanna & Chris Brown Throw Things In My Face

Anaconda - the mere mention of its name brings images of an awesome and terrifying killer snake! For Dr. Jesus Rivas and his wife, Dr Sarah Corey, anacondas represent a challenge as they try to unravel the mysteries surrounding these massive reptiles. Like most snakes, anacondas have suffered greatly from exaggeration and scary folklore. Pound for pound, the South American anaconda is the world’s largest snake. But its reputation as a killer is wrapped in myth and legend.

Kathleen Turner in Bakersfield Mist role in West End
15 May 2014 Last updated at 10:19 BST
Kathleen Turner has returned to the West End to star in new play, Bakersfield Mist, opposite Ian McDiarmid.
Turner plays Maude Gutman in Stephen Sachs' play - which was inspired by true events.
She told BBC Breakfast's Charlie Stayt about the role.

Aqua Ultraviolet Classic Series UV w/ Wiper and Replacement UV Lamps and Quartz Sleeves 40W Lamp (Mfg# A20040)
Solidly built and great performance.
Product is built really well and assembles easily. I had it running in my system in 10 mins. Looks like it's working well.
October 11, 2013
Easy to install, keeps water clear
I have a 300 gallon koi pond and use the Aqua UV system to control algae. I've used the system for many years, along with a biological filter, and it works great. The pond is clear and healthy - evidenced by the offspring each year. I replace the UV bulb once a year. It takes only about 10 minutes, with simple connections.
September 9, 2013
Aqua Ultraviolet Classic 15W
Other than the bulb, this beast will last forever.
The 14 month bulb lifespan is great.
The flow rate measurements are for the end-of-life bulb output.
The bulb will last longer than 14 months but with diminished effectiveness from stats and rates recommended.
I'm using for freshwater aquarium use.
It's connected to the output of an Eheim 2217 canister filter in the horizontal position.
I used a little extra media to slightly slow the output on the filter to provide a great flow rate for my tank size.
I'm currently using this to destroy harmful bacteria and protozoa in an all male mixed African Cichlid tank.
The picture I attached is of the uninstalled unit. I added a dollar bill to give ratio.
Works, Love it.
June 25, 2013
Glad you are now carrying these
After extensive research on UV sterilizers (as well as lots of failed purchases over the years), we found this brand last year and purchased two. They are great. So glad you are now carrying them. I would not buy anything else. Their tech support is also excellent and they will answer anything.
October 30, 2012

Tracy Morgan: I'm Going Back to Nashville to Apologize
- Photo: Kevin Mazur/WireImage.com1 of 22
- Photo: Kevin Mazur/WireImage.com2 of 22
- Photo: Charles Sykes/Invision/AP3 of 22
- Photo: Charles Sykes/Invision/AP4 of 22
- Photo: Reed Saxon/Invision/AP5 of 22
- Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris/WireImage.com6 of 22
- Photo: Evan Agostini/Invision/AP7 of 22
- Photo: Charles Sykes/Invision/AP8 of 22
- Photo: Charles Sykes/Invision/AP9 of 22
- Photo: Invision/AP10 of 22
- Photo: Wenzelberg/Splash News11 of 22
- Photo: Kevin Mazur/WireImage.com12 of 22
- Photo: Kevin Mazur/WireImage.com13 of 22
- Photo: Pedro Andrade/PacificCoastNews.com14 of 22
- Photo: Pedro Andrade,/PacificCoastNews.com15 of 22
- Photo: Axelle Woussen/Bauer-Griffin16 of 22
- Photo: Fame Pictures/Fame Pictures17 of 22
- Photo: MAP/Splash News18 of 22
- Photo: Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP19 of 22
- Photo: Doug Meszler/Splash News20 of 22
- Photo: Dan Steinberg/R-STEINBERG21 of 22
Tracy Morgan is really sorry.
He's so sorry, in fact, that he's heading back to Nashville, Tenn., in an attempt to right his wrongs.
The comedian and "30 Rock" star came under intense fire on Friday after a shockingly violent homophobic tirade during his standup routine. He issued a statement apologizing, saying: "I'm not a hateful person and don't condone any kind of violence against others."
Now, Morgan, 42, is planning to return to the country music capital next week and apologize in person to the audience members he offended. He told GLAAD President Jarrett Barrios he's also committed to meeting with LGBT youth at New York's Ali Forney Center who have been hurt or left homeless by parental rejection as well as family members who have lost children to anti-gay violence.
"I know how bad bullying can hurt. I was bullied when I was a kid. I'm sorry for what I said. I didn't mean it. I never want to use my comedy to hurt anyone," he told the organization. "Parents should support and love their kids no matter what. Gay people deserve the same right to be happy in this country as everyone else. Our laws should support that. I hope that my fans -- gay, straight, whatever -- forgive, and I hope my family forgives me for this."
"Meeting with gay and transgender youth shunned by their parents and families who have lost loved ones to anti-gay violence is an important first step," Barrios said. "These meetings will help Tracy better understand that no one should be treated differently or subjected to violence."
MORE ON WONDERWALL:
MORE FROM USWEEKLY:
OMG Celeb Fashion
Check out Jennifer Lawrence, January Jones, and Miley Cyrus' style statements on this week's OMG Celeb Fashion.Watch Video »
From Behati Prinsloo to Kim Kardashian, check out the celebrities who've found themselves in compromising positions.Watch Video »
Bye Bye Zayn
Get the scoop on 1D's huge, heartbreaking news on Replay hosted by Wonderwall's Kirby Kristen.Watch Video »
Mandy Moore does cryo therapy, plus more stars' bizarre health and beauty practices on today's Celebs Gone Social.Watch Video »
Get all the pregnancy rumor scoop on Replay hosted by Wonderwall's Kirby Kristen.Watch Video »
Alba in Italy
Check out Jessica Alba's business trip to Italy on today's Celebs Gone Social.Watch Video »
Like us on Facebook?
UP NEXTWeek in Photos
From Crowd Ignite

Friday, August 29, 2008
Blue Ginger @ Tanjong Pagar
The third visit to Blue Ginger, one of the restaurants on Singapore's Food Tatler list. To be honest, I hardly pay attention to such accolades after a rather off-standard performance by Manna, a Thai Restaurant in Bangkok which was also on Thailand's Food Tatler list.
Blue Ginger offers authentic refined peranakan fare at of course, prices to match. Blue Ginger wowed me the first time there, disappointed the second time round...and the third? Read on...
With dim lighting, wooden tables and chairs...mod designs...and weirdly latin music, set quite the mood for a lazy afternoon. Brought me quite away from the hustle and bustle of reality outside the restaurant, with half the working world dashing to da pao lunch or hurriedly grab something to fill the hunger pangs. I had the company of Blamer & Leecher (once again!) and mr tyw, a fellow foodie. Awesome company indeed.
Many thanks to B&L for the arty pics!
We shared...all signature dishes since three of them were first timers at the place. Juices for all...I like the Calamansi drink!
Tender beef cubes prepared in rich coconut milk spiced with ginger, lemongrass, lime leaves and a dash of curry powder
I liked this, just enough oomph to go with it. The gravy isn't too jelak but tasty!
Ayam Panggang “Blue Ginger”
Deboned chicken thigh and drumstick flavoured with coconut milk rich in exotic spices and grilled to perfection
I found this a tad disappointing...probably the least flavourful of the lot but seemingly enjoyed by the rest. Tasted just like grilled chicken with gravy.
Their homemade fishcake recipe, spiced with turmeric and lime leaves enriched with galangal, chilli, candlenuts and shrimp paste.
The power dish, very spicy and tantalizing indeed. Pity I couldn't taste the fish meaty bits in it but otherwise, I enjoyed this.
Udang Masak Assam Gulai
Fresh tiger prawns simmered in spicy tamarind gravy flavoured with lemongrass
Another disappointment...I prefer the one with pineapple though. 5 Prawns, just enough to go round..the prawns weren't superbly fresh, just alright. The gravy was good enough for me to drink it like soup though.
Red beans and pandan flavoured jelly in freshly squeezed coconut milk sweetened with gula melaka and durian puree
Strong durian "fragrance". Those who ordered finished every drop.
Chilled sago topped with honey sea coconut
Did not fancy this hugely either. Just sweet. Overload.
The third visit was average...I like the achar (not your usual homemade achar) and chilli paste...otah and beef rendang too! Service was prompt and attentive.
All in, for a group of 4 with a discount from credit card worked out to $23 per person.
Not very sure if Blue Ginger warrants a forth visit.
The Blue Ginger Restaurant
97 Tanjong Pagar Road

Collects Gold Digger color #106-110
The Gold Bricks are gone for good, but you can still go Platinum!
Gina Diggers' studies of the Age of Wonders continue to unearth discoveries and danger! Ancient, intelligent fungi out to rule the world, were-rat thieves plundering treasure that has a deadly owner, an adorable prehistoric infant who could unwittingly destroy all around it, a best friend lethally bent on “helping”, and a vengeful lich in an ancient citadel. Class is in session, students, so brace yourselves!

See the entire report in one PDF
Slightly more than six years ago, the baking industry and Monsanto, St. Louis, MO, one of the world’s largest seed producers, agreed to abandon efforts to develop and plant genetically engineered (GE) wheat for a host of reasons. Some bakers expressed concern about consumer acceptance. Others worried about the millers’ ability to segregate biotech wheat from non-biotech wheat. Simply put, a vocal core of bakers quietly argued behind the scenes that there were too many uncertainties and unknowns to take the risk at that time.
Some of those concerns still exist today. “Wheat is a higher-risk crop than any other in terms of consumer acceptance,” explained Len Heflich, chair of the American Bakers Association’s (ABA) Food Technical Regulatory Affairs Committee (FTRAC). “We are not sure if some percentage of consumers will reject bread made from biotech wheat. Why would bakers take the risk of losing 1, 5, 10% or some other even greater percentage of our consumers? On this point, there is no change.”
During the past few years, bakers, millers, growers and a number of seed developers — including Monsanto and others from across the globe — have re-engaged one another in discussions that could result in a $1 billion investment from public and private sources toward the development of biotech wheat during the next decade.
What prompted the new talks? “We are just being pragmatic in admitting that the pull for biotech wheat from farmers is so strong that it is going to happen,” said Mr. Heflich, one of more than a dozen experts interviewed for this special report. “It is naïve to think that biotech will never happen. It will happen. The only questions are when will it happen, where will it happen and will the industry be ready for it when it happens?”
That pull for biotech wheat is not only coming from farmers but from millers and a growing number of bakers as well. Even among cautious bakers who oppose or voice concerns about growing genetically modified (GM) wheat, the consensus remains that a GM version will become a reality in 10 to 15 years in North America and possibly sooner internationally — especially in Australia and China, where the programs to develop biotech wheat are more developed.
The big wake-up call came during the commodity crisis of 2008 when wheat and corn prices hit historic highs, noted both Glen Weaver, director, product quality and technical services, and Scott Syslo, vice-president of risk management, ConAgra Foods, Inc., Omaha, NE.
Back then, the balance of supply and demand got out of whack, but the situation became worse as market fund managers and speculators jumped into the fray and pumped up commodity prices to earn a quick buck. It became apparent to the industry there was only one solution, according to Don Sullins, PhD, vice-president of technical services and regulatory affairs for ADM Milling, Shawnee Mission, KS. “Three years ago, commodity prices were so stinkin’ high, everyone said, ‘If we only had more wheat, it would drive down these prices,’” he said.
Actually, the 2008 commodity crisis had been developing ever so slowly for a long time, Mr. Syslo said. During the past 20 years, the amount of wheat acreage declined dramatically as farmers shifted production to GM corn and soybeans that have more yield potential and less nitrogen, water and other input costs. “If you look at wheat coverage versus biotech crop coverage, it’s really alarming,” Mr. Syslo observed. “In 1990, we had roughly 78 million acres of wheat growing in the US. This year, we’re down to 58 million. If the wheat market doesn’t evolve and adopt biotech wheat, we’re going to continue that same pattern, and the wheat market will get into that price problem again today.”
Such market dynamics turned the discussion of biotech wheat into a pocketbook issue. “Wheat continues to lose acreage to other crops like soybeans and corn. To understand why, you only need to follow the money,” said Theresa Cogswell, president of BakersCogs, Olathe, KS, and consultant to the industry.
Specifically, according to the US Department of Agriculture’s Economic Research Service, corn returns $474 per acre to the farmer and wheat only $152 per acre, noted Jane DeMarchi, director of government affairs for research and technology, National Association of Wheat Growers. She said the 2008 commodity crisis caused companies that rely on an affordable supply of wheat to look more closely at the long-term availability and price implications of shrinking acreages in US wheat production and other factors.
“In recent years, droughts in Russia and Australia made global supplies uncertain, and this year, US farmers in some states are experiencing drought while other states are experiencing flooding,” she said. “Innovation will be key to our ability to improve production, keep up with a growing global population and adapt to changing climatic conditions around the world.”
SUPPLY AND DEMAND.
Wheat prices once again are expected to be high this year, said Ben Handcock, executive vice-president, Wheat Quality Council. In key growing states such as Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas and Colorado, the amount of quality wheat for baked goods is down significantly because of fewer plantings and Mother Nature, added Mr. Handcock, who toured farms throughout the wheat belt this year. With demand for wheat increasing on a global basis, he said, “there’s just not enough wheat out there.”
Exacerbating the situation, farmers began planting drought-resistant GM corn and soybeans in semiarid areas farther west in the farm belt, displacing acreage that normally supported wheat, Dr. Sullins pointed out. As a result, he said, biotech wheat is simply being supported out of necessity. “Wheat is being displaced, and if we want it at a reasonable price, we need something that will allow it to be planted farther out west,” he said.
In addition to greater yield potential, GE corn also benefits from increasing market demands to convert it into ethanol. Government subsidies of ethanol programs also encourage farmers to plant corn instead of wheat. In all, about 40% of corn production goes toward making ethanol, according to Brian Walker, technical services manager, Horizon Milling, Minnetonka, MN. The literal changes in the landscape for planting corn, soybeans and other crops simply created a fait accompli and sparked the need to develop GM wheat. “With these alternative demands for crops and the increased competitiveness of corn and beans, something needs to be done to boost the competitiveness for wheat,” he said.
Often, Mr. Heflich suggested, farmers plant wheat when they have no other option. To complicate the situation, he said, biotech alfalfa is being introduced this year and will become another competitor to wheat with much less risk. “By going biotech, wheat yield will increase by 40% and reduce the risk of crop loss due to disease or drought,” he said. “This will improve the competitive capabilities of wheat.”
UNCERTAINTY VS. UNKNOWNS.
In many ways, the debate over biotech wheat involves a classic battle of the unknowns, according to Larry Marcucci, president, Alpha Baking Co., Chicago, IL. Specifically, he mentioned the unknown concerns of acceptance by consumers vs. the uncertainty in the futures market that’s prompting volatile commodity prices. Globally, he said, many European nations are putting up protectionist barriers against biotech wheat while Japan, which is the largest recipient of US wheat exports, still has a consumer base that has “a real adversity” to foods made with GE crops. US consumers, he said, seem to have accepted biotech corn, soybeans and other crops, or they don’t seem to care as long as food prices remain low.
On the other hand, Mr. Marcucci observed, it’s difficult to run a baking company profitably and pass on costs when major ingredient costs fluctuate so dramatically. As a result of such bottom line issues, he’s a proponent of biotech wheat. “It’s become a reality that all of the other crops have gotten so far ahead. If we don’t do something now to attack the problem, wheat is going to almost become a second-class crop because the yield is so low and the farmers will not have any reason to plant wheat anymore,” he said.
The industry’s concern about US consumer acceptance of GM wheat and the risk of losing sales may have subsided because of reaction — or a lack of it — with other GM crops. “The fear factor has diminished significantly from 10 years ago because we have seen no major backlash with [GM] corn, beans or canola oil,” Mr. Weaver said.
Still, consumer acceptance of GM products is not a slam dunk. In a 2011 International Food Information Council Foundation survey, 43% of Americans indicated they supported advances in food technology, including biotechnology and other methods. However, another 40% didn’t know enough about the topic to comment while 17% opposed such advances in food technology. Those respondents who supported it listed reasons such as yield or producing more food on less land, as well as preserving natural resources, improved nutrition, less pesticides and improved taste.
Consumer knowledge and even many of the perceptions about biotech wheat and other crops seem to have changed little since the ABA conducted its consumer survey on biotechnology in 2002, noted Lee Sanders, ABA’s senior vice-president, government relations and public affairs. That survey showed that around half of consumers knew little or nothing about biotech and GM issues and more than two-thirds of those surveyed were unaware they had eaten any GM products.
Additionally, consumers indicated that the potential purchase behavior for biotech wheat paralleled that of corn and other biotech crops. Those consumers who supported biotech wheat indicated the need to feed the world’s hungry, and they were more open to biotech if there were nutritional benefits. Those respondents who opposed biotech indicated they didn’t want companies messing with Mother Nature. The biggest opposition tended to come from female consumers, older adults, organic food purchasers or those people who had only a high school degree or less of education.
Likewise, those consumers who were less knowledgeable about genetic science had the most uncertainly about GM crops, according to the survey. An integral point involved how biotech crops were developed, according to the survey. Most survey respondents, even those who said they would switch to non-biotech food did not object to plant-to-plant GM technology. Both consumers who supported biotech crops and those who indicated they might want to switch to non-biotech products were uncomfortable with “inter-life-form,” or animal-to-plant gene transfers. Consumer choice, consumer education, endorsement from trusted sources and differentiation from other less acceptable technologies were keys to acceptance.
While the industry’s fear of negative consumer reaction may have abated over time, even losing a small percentage of sales can put a dent on profits, Ms. Cogswell observed. “If you sell 2 billion loaves of bread and 1% of your customers switch because of biotech wheat, that’s a big number in a mature industry,” she said.
SUSTAINABILITY VS. SAFETY.
With such positive consumer sentiment toward sustainability, wheat farmers are looking for wheat that can be grown with less water, fertilizer and pesticides, Ms. DeMarchi said. “Foods with ingredients made from biotech crops have safely been incorporated into millions of meals around the world for more than 16 years,” she noted. “US farmers will continue providing customers with safe, high-quality and affordable wheat whether they choose to buy biotech wheat or non-biotech wheat.”
The issues of sustainability and safety — and consumers’ reactions thereto — remain at the heart of the debate involving GM wheat. A decade ago, Mr. Weaver recalled, neither the industry nor consumers talked much about water efficiency, nitrogen usage, carbon footprint and other environmental issues. If seed developers can put environmentally friendly traits into new generations of wheat, consumers might have a more positive disposition toward GM flour and finished baked goods made with it. “Most consumers are pro-technology as long as it contributes back to nature and offers sustainability,” he said.
The industry, however, needs to do its due diligence: It must commit to extensive scientific research to ensure the GM crop is benign and consult with consumer focus groups to ensure broad acceptance before committing to a specific form of biotech wheat, Dr. Sullins said.
According to conventional wisdom, being first to market normally determines long-term leadership in terms of market share and sales. But there is one caveat when it comes to GM wheat. “If there is any controversy or questions about this material, I’m not sure being the first to market with biotech wheat will be a positive thing,” he said. “It will be interesting to see what transpires and what questions are being asked by activists and could it create a problem for biotech wheat rollout?” He added it will require consumer, stakeholder involvement and unification of the industry for a seamless transition to biotech wheat.
CALL FOR CHOICE.
The risk of any consumer backlash, either in the US or overseas, is why some bakers such as Hayden Wands, chair of ABA’s Commodity and Agricultural Policy Committee (CAPC), have long supported bakers keeping their options open for the future. “ABA supports consumer choice,” he said. “So long as consumers are able to choose between non-GMO and GM wheat, ABA supports the process moving forward.”
Several bakers are concerned about the cost of segregating GM and non-GM wheat as well as the potential for cross-contamination as GM traits drift from one farm to a non-GM field, creating a third crop of wheat with a small percentage of GM traits in it. “We are concerned about the lack of consensus on a threshold level for biotech wheat cross-contaminating non-biotech wheat,” Mr. Heflich said. “In the absence of a practical threshold, the risk of an unapproved event is high and would be very costly to the industry.”
Another reason for choice might be potentially shifting attitudes by supermarket retailers, both mainstream and those chains that focus on selling natural, locally sourced and non-GE products, said George Poulos, vice-president of manufacturing, Alpha Baking Co., and a proponent of biotech wheat. “A lot of customers today even go so far as to ask us if our products have GE ingredients,” he said. “For instance, why can’t we guarantee that our soybean oil is non-GE. Everyone knows you can’t say that because almost all soybean oil is made from some GE soybeans.”
Although processing essentially removes GE material in soybean oil, the potential reaction among retailers toward biotech products remains an X-factor. “GM is an issue, but it’s not a deal-breaker yet,” Mr. Poulos said. “But you have got to wonder, ‘Why are they asking?’”
CASE FOR QUALITY.
Initially, the seed companies are focusing on yield and drought resistance. It likely won’t be until much later in the GM development process that they turn attention to adding traits that raise the level of protein in wheat, which could improve the baking characteristics and the quality of the final products consumers purchase.
However, Mr. Walker observed, growing biotech wheat would increase yield and use less nitrogen and less pesticides as well as provide other side benefits. Biotech wheat, he added, can only further benefit what bakers are doing already. “We are making more varieties of baked goods with more healthful ingredients, with less chemical additives being used, with longer shelf life and higher throughput than ever before,” he said.
By taking some variables out of the growing of wheat, biotech alternatives might provide some unintended benefits for bakers, especially when they need to adjust their formulas to a new crop, according to Dr. Sullins. “If biotech wheat can take some of the inconsistency out of wheat quality due to Mother Nature’s various events each year — whether it’s a drought or it’s too wet — that would be a boon to bakers,” he said. “Each year, they get a new crop, and it’s different. They have to rewrite the specifications, maybe reformulate or change their processing parameters. We could see some functional or nutritional benefits that provide a real asset in the end. Maybe we can get away from that ‘processed flour syndrome.’”
Let the debate continue as GM wheat gets moving once again.

bergenPAC's Performing Arts School Expands with Former Bennett Studios
The Performing Arts School at bergenPAC is working with the Englewood Economic Development Corporation and the City of Englewood to expand the Performing Arts School to accommodate growth and drive positive economic impact to the City.
With last night's approval, The Bergen Performing Art Center will now lease the vacant former Bennett Studios, which closed in September 2011, and use the building as the new home for arts education and performing arts classes. The Performing Arts School currently offers 57 Classes in Dance, 20 Classes in Theater, 12 Classes in Music, and 23 Music Speaks classes for a combined total of 112 classes on a weekly basis. With the addition of this new building, the Performing Arts School will now offer a combined total of 182 classes, a 63% increase.
Over the last few years bergenPAC's performing arts programs have grown tremendously and this new space will be critical in accommodating future growth. "We are thrilled about the new possibilities this building will provide us," says Edmondo Schwartz, Chairman of the Board at bergenPAC. "This building gives us the space to open up our programming to children with special needs as well as expand our growing performing arts curriculum in a first class facility."
Schwartz believes this expansion will have a huge positive impact on the community. "The expansion of the Performing Arts School exemplifies our commitment to the arts and the children that live in our community. The Performing Arts School is opened to children of all ages in Englewood, Northern New Jersey and throughout the region, offering unparalleled arts education classes taught by top professionals in their craft. "With additional space and its proximity to the Theater, North Van Brunt Street will become the 'Avenue of the Arts' in Englewood."
Englewood Mayor Frank Huttle III and bergenPAC's Honorary Chairman stated, "The new bergenPAC Performing Arts School, at one of our City's significant historical buildings, truly is a dream come true for me. The idea of expanding the scope of bergenPAC and providing arts education for all children regardless of their age, ability or financial status, is 7 years in the making. The partnership with the EEDC gives bergenPAC the tools to further fulfill its mission for every child to have access to the highest levels of performing arts education right in our very own community. Both during the day and in 'after 3' programs, children will benefit in every facet of their lives"
The new space will offer 2 Dance Studios (1 Studio will be multifunctional and be able to work as a cabaret space, black box theater, and kidz cabaret performance hall), 1 Music Speaks Studio, 1 Acting Studio, 6 Private Music Lesson Studios, 1 Kitchen (for private events), 3 Administrative Offices, and 1 Basement and Sub Basement for storage.

Rebecca Turner - Bambuna Dam
I travelled on from Makeni to Bumbuna Hydroelectric Dam with CODEP secretary and Civil Engineer Michelle Maloney. The dam is located 124 miles northeast of Freetown and took us over 2 hours from Makeni to reach (again travelling on dirt roads).
Bumbuna is the worlds largest hydro dam and was opened recently on the 9th of November 2009. It is estimated to have cost USD 327 million and has taken 34 years from the start to finish with the interuptions and delays from both the civil war and resulting lack of resources and funding. However this was recently overcome and the dams first stage was finally completed so that it is now supplying 50 mega watts of electricity to Freetown and some surrounding communities. This is just the first stage, when the second stage is completed, the dam will output 160 mega watts and will supply not only Sierra Leone but also other countries in the sub-region. The project is inarguably one of Sierra Leone’s most coveted achievements both in terms of infrastructural and sustainable development.
So until the dam was opened it has meant that much of Sierra Leone was without electricity. Sierra Leoneans tend to have to resort to using a generator, which needs to be fuelled by diesel. This means that without money to buy diesel, many simply do without. With a litre of diesel currently costing $5,000 Leones, the equivalent of £1.25, this makes fuelling a generator something only people in employment are able to afford as the average Sierra Leonean earns just £0.50 per day. Alternatively communities will pool resources and have one generator to a building and only switch it on for a few precious hours per day.
So in addition to the electricity being supplied by a renewal source, it also means that the hundreds of thousands of diesel operated generators in Freetown are now quiet, thus saving the atmosphere from the tonnes of carbon monoxide spewed forth daily.
(Michelle and I were met by the dam’s Administration Manager Corrado Petrucci who is employed Salini, the Italian engineering firm which were consulted to built and oversee the project. Engineer Vandy gave us a thorough tour of the dam, which has taken 4 years of intensive labour by 500 Sierra Leonean workman to built.) Keep this info re workman??
So the effects on the towns of Makeni, Bambuna and the city of Freetown, in being supplied with electricity are enormous, however the lack of infrastructure from the Sierra Leone Electricity Board means that there are still not enough lines being fed into houses, and the cost of the electricity is very high which means that even for those with access to electricity, they would still have to watch how much they use. However there is also the option of installing a meter, but there is a high charge for the units of electricity. One local I spoke to had paid the equivalent of £90 for a quarter which means that for the average Sierra Leonean in Freetown, it is not affordable to have electricity 24/7. In addition to these challenges, the output of the dam is not what it seems. Although it is able to supply 50 mega watts of electricity, it is intermittendly supplied and regularly goes off without warning. When speaking with an engineer at the dam, he had advised that the power is only ever off when certain maintenance needs to be completed. However in my experience in the short time I was in the country and also speaking with locals, it was so regular that it implies that the dam is not running properly or at its full output.
This is looks to be an ongong challenge until the infrastructure is improved.
Return to Blog Index Page

Do fantasy and science fiction--or their cousins, paranormal and dystopian fiction--float your boat? Climb aboard a few of these books.
THE DEMON CATCHERS OF MILAN
"This one goes to the head of the class. (Fantasy. 12 & up)"
To the recent crop of strong debuts in an overcrowded literary arena add this series opener, a tale of demonic possession and a centuries-old family trade in exorcism. Read full book review >

By Staff Writer
ARMY SALUTE — Kerren McKinney Jefferson was one of the graduates recently honored at Mt. Calvary Baptist Church in Pompano Beach. Among her accomplishments include graduating with Academic Honors from Blanche Ely High School, logging in over 750, Community Service Volunteer Hours, receiving the David Wright Academic Scholarship, and recognition from City Commissioner Woody Poitier and State Rep. Gwyn Clarke Reed for her Award of Excellence from the U.S. Army JROTC division. Kerren is pictured here with Ret. Master Sgt. Granville Scott, Mary Goins Jefferson, grandmother who raised and her Rev. Anthony Burrell, Mt. Calvary Baptist Church, Pompano Beach. Kerren received a full Academic scholarship to Alabama State University in Montgomery, Ala.

Why Won't God Heal Amputees? and God is Imaginary are two websites that have sparked considerable interest in the atheist and theist communities. Believers are pointed toward those sites in real life and on web forums. They are considered, at least by atheists, to be bulletproof refutations of the Christian faith.
But are they?
Those two sites, allegedly authored by Marshall Brain of How Stuff Works fame, are riddled with basic errors of theology. This website attempts to demonstrate the errors prevalent in each of the so-called "proofs" of the non-existence of God.
This site is not attempting to prove that God exists. Rather, it is exposing the errors and bad argumentation of God is Imaginary. In this site's previous incarnation as a blog, many commenters made the error that I am attempting to positively affirm God's existence. I am not; I am merely trying to argue that God is Imaginary doesn't do a thing to disprove God.
Let’s think carefully about proof #1 and see if succeeds in showing that god is imaginary. If it does, that’s big news; we’d have found out something very interesting. We may express proof #1 succinctly as follows:
?Premise 1: According to the Bible, if we ask for all cancer to be cured, it will be.
?Premise 2: But, if we ask for all cancer to be cured, it won’t be cured.
?Therefore: The God of the Bible is imaginary.
Let’s start by thinking about the logic of this argument. Suppose its premises are true. It then follows that at least some of the Bible’s statements about prayer are mistaken. But now notice that the conclusion says more than that. It says that the God of the Bible is imaginary. How does that follow from the premises? To reach that conclusion, we need an additional premise—something like this:
?Premise 3: If some of the Bible’s statements about prayer are mistaken, then the God of the Bible is imaginary.
Now it’s worth pointing out that the author of proof #1 doesn’t even discuss anything like Premise 3. It appears to be a background assumption. But for the proof to succeed, Premise 3, or something like it, needs to be demonstrated. Otherwise, the argument is logically invalid: the conclusion doesn’t follow from its premises.
My sense is that the vast majority of people would find Premise 3 implausible. After all, it seems perfectly possible for a morally perfect, all-powerful, all-knowing being described by the Bible to be real whether or not the Bible itself makes mistakes. So, Premise 3 is questionable (to say the least).
Someone might reply that perhaps “the God of the Bible” just means “the God that would exist if the entire Bible were true.” In that case, Premise 3 would be axiomatic. However, then the conclusion would be compatible with there being a perfectly good, all-powerful, and all-knowing being. And certainly any argument that’s compatible with there being a perfectly good, all-powerful, and all-knowing being is not an argument that God is imaginary.
So, if proof #1 is indeed an argument that God is imaginary, then it relies on a dubious premise; therefore, proof #1 fails to establish its conclusion. It seems, then, that reflective truth-seekers wouldn’t be moved by it.
We could stop here. The proof fails to establish what it claims to establish.
But the proof fails in more ways than one. According to this proof, the Bible’s statements on prayer imply that God would cure all of cancer on account of our prayers. But the proof fails to rule out (or even consider) the following possibility: background conditions on prayer are implicit in the text.
Consider that according to Matthew’s account, Jesus says, “My Father, if it is possible, may this cup be taken from me.” He goes on: “not as I will, but as you will” (Matt. 26:39).
And elsewhere, he says, “This, then, is how you should pray: Our Father in heaven… your will be done on earth as it is in heaven” (Matt. 6:9-10).
It appears that Jesus thinks prayers must be possible to answer (so, no asking for square circles). And prayers must accord with God’s will.
Why, then, does Jesus say that “everyone who asks receives”? A standard answer, which proof #1 fails to address, is that background conditions on prayer are implicit and would have been understood by his audience.
Indeed, that’s exactly what Jesus’ earliest followers thought: the Johanine text says that we know that we have what we ask for if we ask according to his will (John 5:14-15).
Now it certainly does seem good for all cancer to be cured. But the crucial question is this: could God instantly cure all cancer without thereby forfeiting a higher good? That’s a difficult question, and proof #1 doesn’t even attempt to answer it.
For all that proof #1 says, it may be that our fighting against cancer with mental and physical energy forges courage, compassion, and unique and special relationships between everlasting beings. What if some cancer allows us to become heroes in loving others? More generally, what if a finite stage of suffering can act as a means to certain everlasting bonds of love that far outweigh that suffering?
These are admittedly complex and difficult questions, with many books and articles devoted to them. So, if someone claims to prove that suffering cannot act as a means to outweighing goods, he better have a carefully spelled out argument to back that up; otherwise, reflective truth-seekers won’t be moved. Proof #1 offers us nothing of the sort; therefore, it fails in to establish its premises.
A Real God isn’t a Magical God
Jesus compares faith to a seed, not a magical wand. Seeds grow with time to produce fruit. There’s a process. And some methods of cultivation are more effective than others.
Truth is often complicated. Therefore, when a perfect being speaks truth, this being should sometimes speak about complex matters. What he says should sometimes baffle the simple-minded, while being discernible to the wise.
The scientific studies we have on prayer are actually compatible with a “realistic” interpretation of the biblical statements on prayer (contrary to what GII says). The only catch is this: some types of prayers appear to be more effective than others. The least effective ones seem to be prepackaged, one time prayers, from a distance for people one doesn’t know or care much about. A famous 2006 study indicates this. But when people pray fervently for people they care about, then the statistics change: such prayers have a statistical effect. Truth-seekers may wish to investigate studies referenced here and here.
Proof #1 is too simple. Its view of God is too simple. Its interpretation of Jesus’ statements is too simple. In a nutshell: it fails to address the possibility that a perfect, rational being might reveal complex layers of truth that truth-seekers may grow in their understanding of.

HMDA plans to rope in ad agencies and corporate firms to beautify the 158-km-long stretch
A series of interchanges, rotaries and central medians that have been made part of the 158-km-long Outer Ring Road (ORR) would soon get a touch of aesthetics with authorities deciding to go for a beautification project.
The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority has come up with the proposal to beautify these traffic islands by installing artefacts and sculptures apart from landscaping, water bodies and fountains at appropriate points. For beautification works, the urban planning body has invited ‘expression of interest’ from advertising agencies, corporate firms and individuals for concepts and executing the approved ones.
The call is for designs that are aesthetically appealing, informative and based on themes representing the culture and heritage of Hyderabad. It has been decided to have sculpture works executed in steel, rock, cement, sand or any other non-hazardous material with all-weather resistance coating. The selected agencies or firms will have to bear the cost of executing the concept, operate and maintain the traffic island for three years and in turn would be permitted to display advertisement boards for that period.
For the beautification works, the selected ORR junctions include the entrance of the central median at Gachibowli and rotaries at Nanakramguda, Kokapet on Gandipet road, Andhra Pradesh Police Academy Junction on Vikarabad State Highway and Bongulur Junction.

ASUWB Elected Officials 2014-2015
"I will work to advocate for the students as I work towards my goals of diversifying food options, creating more student jobs and increasing communication, transparency and accountability between UW Bothell students, faculty and administration."
"I plan to empower the students on our campus this upcoming year, help to create a sense of community among each of the academic schools, while also being a strong advocate for the prevention of sexual assault and sexual violence. Please feel free to come talk to me at any time!"
Director of Student Advocacy
"This year I hope to make it easier for students to become more involved on campus and connect them to the available opportunities so that they may develop the skills they need to reach their personal and professional goals."
Director of Public Relations
"My priority this year is ensuring that students are well-informed of what is happening on campus. I am also working to establish ASUWB's image as a positive and recognizable resource for students' needs, questions, and concerns."
Director of Business Operations
"As ASUWB Director of Business Operations, I intend to establish the efficient utilization of student funds."
Director of Government Relations
"I am hoping to take the idea of creating a physical space known as the Diversity Center and arrange daily newscasts that provide students with information and reminders of events and programs throughout each week."
"I would like to increase the outreach and awareness of the ASUWB Student Government's mission and goals to ultimately hear more students' opinions and strive to make their voices heard."
"This year, I look forward to making sure that the students' voices are heard and represented in the most transparent way. Should you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me! Or, better yet, if you see me around campus, come say hi! I'd be more than happy to help."
"As an ASUWB Sophomore Senator, some of my priorities are to promote safe spaces and advocate for the more student-led opportunities. If you have any questions whatsoever regarding the university, feel free to contact me! Remember don’t forget to say hi if you see me around campus!"
Photo Coming Soon
First Year Senator
First Year Senator

By: Tim DelChiaro
Abstract: Article from Tim Anderson's ITWriting blog
This article is hosted on another site. Click the link below to view the article in another window:
Free 30-day license of new C++Builder XE7! Develop for Windows, Mac, Android, iOS, devices and gadgets!
More social media choices:
C++Builder on Google+
@RADtools on Twitter
Server Response from: ETNASC03

The global nonhydrostatic atmospheric model MPAS: Preliminary results from variable-resolution mesh tests
Seminar Room 1, Newton Institute
AbstractThe Model for Prediction Across Scales (MPAS) is comprised of geophysical fluid flow solvers using horizontally-unstructured spherical centriodal Voronoi meshes and a C-grid staggering of the prognostic variables. We have constructed a global atmospheric model for these meshes that solves the fully compressible nonhydrostatic equations using a finite-volume formulation coupled with a split-explicit time integration technique to handle acoustic modes. The Voronoi meshes are unstructured grids that permit variable horizontal resolution, and we plan to make use of variable-resolution meshes in our weather and regional climate applications. Towards this end, we have begun testing the robustness of variable-resolution global mesh simulations using both idealized test cases (baroclinic waves) and full NWP forecasts. Preliminary results for hydrostatic-scale tests (dx > 10 km) indicate that flow features are appropriately resolved relative to the local resolution if the mesh t ransition zones provide a smooth transition from coarser to finer resolution regions and if model filters are appropriately scaled by the local mesh spacing. We will present these results and discuss their implications for variable-resolution mesh configurations and for the end applications.
If it doesn't, something may have gone wrong with our embedded player.
We'll get it fixed as soon as possible.

That’s the view of Roy Ackerman CBE of the Wine Guild and Academy of Food and Wine, who told BigHospitality British businesses could do more to improve their staff’s knowledge of wine.
“We should spread the view that everyone in the industry, even if they’re not a sommelier, should have some knowledge of wine. That’s very important.
“It’s all about training and going back to basics so people know the product, can recommend it, talk about it and know how to serve it.”
He added that Britons considering sommeliery have an advantage over their European cousins as wine lists are more diverse in the UK.

|Profession:||High Tech Intelligence |
Amelia Hayes (d. 2014)
|Played by:||Josh Holloway|
|Last episode:||"Being Human"|
|Appears in:||1 series, 1 season, 13 episodes|
- "All the Intel I have access to, I can see it. It's like a virtual evidence wall. The chip processes it like a computer, but my brain metabolizes it like...well, like a brain."
- ―Gabriel Vaughn defining his abilities.[src]
Gabriel Vaughn is a high-tech intelligence operative who was the first of his kind to have a microchip implanted in his brain. Endowed with this technology and ability, he was able to access and detect anything and anyone, but at the expense of taking risks or breaking protocol in order to protect national security, prompting his superior to assign him Secret Service agent Riley Neal to make sure he does not get out of line, or, for that matter, into enemy hands.
A fourth generation soldier, Gabriel is the first Vaughn to survive a war.
United States Army serviceEdit
United States Cyber Command serviceEdit
In 2014, Gabriel, in a United States Cyber Command program named Clockwork, was given an implant into his head that gave him access to the information grid. The program allowed him to see Intel within his own mind, giving him access to masses of information.
Behind the ScenesEdit
|"Pilot"||"Red X"||"Mei Chen Returns"||"Secrets of the Secret Service"||"The Rescue"|
|"Patient Zero"||"Size Matters"||"Delta Force"||"Athens"||"Cain and Gabriel"|
|"The Grey Hat"||"The Event Horizon"||"Being Human"|

You have entered the LIBRARY
When you first enter the Library you have the sense that you are entering a
very small room. Somehow, though, as you look around you realize that this
impression was mistaken as there seem to be far more tables, books, magazines
and shelves than you could have imagined for so small a room. Suddenly an
android who introduces himself as Info appears in front of you and offers to
help you find what you are looking for.
- Google - this section used to be large but Google is now so effective and comprehensive that it really obviates the need for many of the other search engines.
Please give me a list of
Individual Books, Magazines, Papers and Articles
Other Library Services
Interesting Bookstores on the WWW
Speculative Fiction section
Please send Aaron EMAIL if you have any
comments on or suggestions for these pages or if you just want to say hi.
To return to the Main House

Alexandria Library Donation's Policy
Gifts made to the Alexandria Library become the property of the Alexandria Library Board and the City and cannot be returned to the donor.
The Alexandria Library reserves the right to decide when, where, and under what conditions donated materials may be used, displayed, or withdrawn from the collection.
The Library does not appraise donated books or other materials.
If the donor wishes to have the materials donated appraised for tax purposes, the arrangements for and the cost of appraising the value of gifts will be borne by the donor.
The Alexandria Library Board will not accept gifts of principal for investment, the income of which is to be used for Library purposes, unless the gift is for $25,000 or more. Further the restrictions placed on any gift must be approved by the Board. Gifts of less than $25,000 may be given with suggestions as to the use of such funds.
Revised 6/02, Reviewed 1/05

Showing 193-288 of 322 items
Staybridge Suites - Aurora
Staybridge Suites is an all-suite, extended-stay hotel designed to make you feel more comfortable than ever before. One visit and you’ll understand what we mean by Get Comfortable. Our pampered guests will enjoy the options of spacious studio suites, one bedroom suites, and two-bedroom/ two-bath suites, all with fully equipped kitchens. Wake up and enjoy our complimentary hot breakfast buffet. Midweek, we hold complimentary evening Sundowner receptions which include dinner, beer, wine and soda. The hotel has an indoor pool, hot tub and workout facility along with an outdoor sport court. A walking path from the hotel leads to the METRA station and will take you directly Downtown Chicago. Our award-winning staff awaits your arrival!
Marge Cline Whitewater Course
The Marge Cline Whitewater course is located in Yorkville at Bicentennial Riverfront Park on the Fox River, just 60 miles southwest of Chicago. The paddling community is all a dither about this course. Whether you’re a novice or an avid canoeist or kayaker, you’re sure to have a great experience.
Kendall County Historical Society's Heritage Hall & Chapel on the Green
Dating back to 1855, the chapel is Kendall County's oldest church building, adorned with stained glass windows and a restored 1899 pipe organ. The adjacent hall houses local artifacts, including photographs and clothing.
Black Sock Training Stable
A variety of equestrian services for beginning to advanced riders. Personalized professional instruction and scheduled trail rides.
Full-service marina. New and used boat sales, transient slips, fuel, restaurant. Open year-round.
Planned activities include a craft show, a dance contest, stein holding contests, antique tractor show, races, a church service and delectable international food and much more!
Tree Farm Stable Bed & Breakfast
Private cottage suite, 4 rooms, horses, farm, close to state parks. $$$
The Carving Shop
The Carving Shop features the work of Joe Dillet, Master Craftsman, and specializes in custom hand carved heirlooms for the family, church and architectural carvings. We work from your designs, or ours, to create an awesome look that only hand carving can achieve. All wood is seasoned. All work is protected with a finish that will last many years. All work is guaranteed.
Little White Schoolhouse Museum
Constructed in 1854 as a church, this Greek Revival building also served as a schoolhouse for nearly 50 years. A later addition now serves as a museum of Oswego memorabilia.
Quality Inn - Aurora
Fifty-one rooms within walking distance of Westfield Fox Valley Mall and minutes from downtown Aurora, the Paramount Theatre, SciTech Hands-On Museum, Hollywood Casino, Two Brother's Roundhouse and antique shopping.
Grundy County Historical Society
Museum hours of operation are Thursday, Friday & Saturday 10 AM to 3 PM. Call in advance for guided tours (48 hour notice). The museum has extensive Mazon Fossils, a replica of an early 1890 store, a replica of a 1900 living room as well as a 'tool shed' showing many of the early tools used by pioneers and early farmers. There are many other exhibits as well.
M.J. Hogan Grain Elevator and Visitor Center
The earliest remaining elevator along the canal that was fully operational during the canal's heyday. Built in 1862, the grain elevator allowed farmers to unload their grain locally instead of hauling it to the Chicago market by wagon.
3 French Hens Country Market
Bringing the tradition of Open Air Euro Markets to the Midwest, 3 French Hens Country Market is held on the grassy banks of the Historic I&M Canal in downtown Morris, IL. Featuring more than 140 vendors selling homemade, homegrown, antique, one of a kind and re-purposed items. Open the second Saturday May, June, July, August, September and October from 8am-2pm, rain or shine!
Master architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe created the ultimate minimalist masterpiece, the Farnsworth House, in pastoral Plano in 1951. The stellar structure of floor-to-ceiling glass seemingly "floats" above the rambling Fox River.
Sandwich Opera House
The Sandwich Opera House functions as a community oriented facility. It brings to its stage: theatre, lectures, recitals, weddings and a wide variety of outstanding performers, ranging from country to classical.
Aurora Fox Valley Inn
114 rooms, lounge, and restaurant. Laundry, large outdoor pool, and game room. Free continental breakfast.
Treasures Old & New Antiques
In this store you will find unique antiques.
Naperbrook Golf Course
Naperbrook Golf Course is an 18-hole links-style course featuring rolling hills, native prairie grass and an ever-present breeze. The course offers a ten-acre driving range, separate teaching tee, 10,000 square-foot practice green and versatile clubhouse.
Goose Lake Prairie State Natural Area
Largest tall grass prairie in Illinois. Big bluestem, Indian grass, and switchgrass thrive here, as do broad-leafed flowering plants known as forbs. Hiking and cross-country skiing.
Fox River Resort
Timeshare resort and campground.
Reardon Historic Mansion Bed And Breakfast
For a chance of a lifetime to visit this beautiful historic mansion bed & breakfast with furnishing mostly from 1800's. Better than visiting a museum!
Waterfall Glen Hike
Waterfall Glen Hike in DuPage County is a nice, moderate hike. This trail wraps around Argonne National Laboratory and is 11.4 miles long. The main path consists of crushed limestone, but it is ok to take the side trails that are mowed grass or part of an abandoned railroad track. Most of the path is under a tree canopy. Marshes and swamps abound in this area so be sure to bring some insect repellent.
Lyon Farm & Village
Features 15 historic buildings that trace the history of Kendall County plus an 1819 Chicago Burlington & Quincy caboose, a fully-stocked general store, an 1840s schoolhouse, town hall, a working blacksmith shop, the Plano Train Depot, (c. 1850s) and Yorkville Firehouse (c. 1888).
Enjoy traditional Italian dishes and authentic Italian-trained chefs' recipes while dining in one of Luigi's rooms from his beautiful Italian villa. Banquet facilities available.
Comfort Suites Aurora
This award-winning hotel with 82 suites offers a deluxe hot breakfast, indoor pool, fitness room, free high-speed Internet and business meeting facilities. A preferred hotel conveniently located adjacent to the Metra Station, with easy expressway access to O'Hare International Airport (ORD) & Midway International Airport (MDW). We are also located just minutes from Aurora Municipal Airport (ARR).
Gebhard Woods State Park
Hikers, campers, picnickers, and canoeists frequent this 30-acre site, making it one of the state's most popular state parks. Fishing, boating and bird watching are also popular activities. This picturesque park is bordered on the south by the Illinois & Michigan Canal and to the north by Nettle Creek which gently flows along the perimeter and through the park adding to its natural beauty and abundance of wildlife. Stately old trees including walnut, oak, ash, maple, sycamore, hawthorn and cottonwood provide ample shade throughout the park. In the spring, trillium, bluebell, white trout lily, violets, wild ginger, phlox, toothwort and spring beauties are just a sample of the wildflowers that can be enjoyed by park visitors.
Honey Hill Orchard - Waterman
Honey Hill Orchard is a family-owned and operated orchard that was started as a hobby by Hawken Askelson in 1965. Today, the original orchard location has 2,100 apple trees, with an additional 500 trees at a second farm location. What started out as a simple farm stand has grown to include pick your own apples, raspberries and pumpkins, honey from Honey Hill's own bee hives, a bakery, the Apple Barn Country Store and some old-fashioned family activities. In addition to providing customers with quality products, Honey Hill Orchard gives families a chance to spend a relaxing time on the farm and create some great family memories and traditions.
This university boasts a beautiful quad, and features the Schingoethe Center and Dunham Gallery of student art.
C & M Canoe Rental
Visit our friendly pub, canoe scenic Fox River.
Emerson Creek Pottery
It happens the moment you turn onto the long, gravel road; it might be the charm of the converted century-old farmhouse filled with handcrafted pottery, homemade candles and other unique finds. It might be savoring the last bite of Blackberry Peach Cobbler after a delicious, freshly prepared lunch in the tearoom. Or it might be the peaceful serenity found only in the countryside. Whatever “it” is, friends young and old, male and female, have been coming back to Emerson Creek to experience it again and again.
SciTech Hands-On Museum
Aurora's interactive science and technology center offers over 200 hands-on exhibits demonstrating the principles of electricity, weather, astronomy and nuclear energy.
Silver Springs State Fish and Wildlife Area
A pool of clear bubbling water which sparkles like silver on sunny days provides the basis for the name of Silver Springs State Fish and Wildlife Area. Even on extremely cold days, this pool does not freeze, and visitors marvel at the bordering beds of watercress. Majestic oaks and prairie grasslands provide a panorama of natural beauty to park visitors. The Fox River runs through this picturesque area which is also home to several small manmade lakes. A natural prairie restoration project gives visitors a feeling of the original landscape with native wildflowers, songbirds, waterfowl and upland game. Picnicking, fishing and hiking are popular pastimes in summer, with ice fishing, sledding, ice skating and cross-country ski trails available for the winter sports lover. For relaxing, exercising or just enjoying nature, Silver Springs is the perfect get away location.
Grand Army of the Republic Hall
Built in 1878 from funds raised by the people of Aurora, this structure was originally built as a monument to Aurora's Civil War veterans and as a shrine to their fallen comrades.
Oakhurst Forest Preserve
Explore the acres of woods and lakes, with scenic trails, shelters and views of Aurora and Chicago's skyline.
Ottawa Historical and Scouting Heritage Museum
A museum established to promote and preserve the history of the Ottawa area and the colorful and proud traditions of Boy/Girl Scouting and Camp Fire. Features national traveling exhibits from museums and libraries. Open Thursday-Monday 10:00 AM-4:00 PM, Closed on Holidays.
Wine on the Fox
Don’t miss the opportunity to sample award-winning Illinois wines while enjoying live entertainment and delicious local fare. Free & Open to the Public. Wine Tasting is $15 per day for a souvenir wine glass, a wristband and 5 tasting tickets. An Advanced Two-Day Pass may be purchased for $25 which includes 1 souvenir wine glass and 20 tasting tickets (10 per day). Advanced Two-Day Passes are non-refundable. Additional tasting tickets are $1 each. Must be 21 with proper identification to taste wines.
Aurora Historical Society.
This local history research archives houses historic photos, books, documents and maps covering Aurora's history from the 1830s to the present. Open by appointment only.
Phillips Park Aquatic Center
Deluxe water park with tube slides, simulated river, zero-depth pools and sand activity areas.
Stain Glass Inn Bed & Breakfast
Country cape cod style with large porches surrounded by woods and flowers. Stain glass on site.
This theatre offers affordable, live entertainment, comedy, concerts, dance and family shows. Group discounts/theatre rentals; perfect for meetings, performances, fundraisers and banquets.
This festival is attended by approximately 50,000 during the course of the weekend. PrairieFest events are held throughout Oswego with the main festival grounds located at PrairieFest Park, 91 Plank Road. The event features main stage entertainment, children's performers, expo village, petting zoos, pony rides, camel rides, children's activities, parade, bed races, touch a truck event and more. The event is free, compliments of our generous business sponsors.
Aurora Area Architecture
The Aurora area features diverse architectural styles, including designs by Frank Lloyd Wright, Mies van der Rohe, Bruce Goff and George Grant Elmslie. The area is also home to one of the largest collections of Sears mail order homes.
The 30-acre park was designed in a way that would serve many purposes. From the canoe/kayak launch and natural landscaping to the VIP Rooftop Deck and 10-acre music venue, this is the new recreation and entertainment destination of the suburbs. Bring your kids and fly a kite. Enjoy a local band in the music pavilion with friends. Spread out a blanket and watch fireworks with the family on the 4th of July. RiverEdge Park is your backyard away from home.
Heritage Harbor - Ottawa
Heritage Harbor Ottawa is a premier Marina Resort Community located on the banks of the Illinois River. Visit our water front restaurant or rent a cottage.
Two Brothers Roundhouse
Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, Two Brothers Roundhouse is the oldest limestone roundhouse in the United States. As they bring new life to this 155 year old building, enjoy a casual atmosphere in the main dining room gastropub, our sports tavern and music venue or our new cafe and bakery. There is more to do than dinner at the Roundhouse. As with the beer and food, the live entertainment has a local flair. Whether it be a wedding, reunion or corporate event, they have a variety of spaces for friends and family to gather. Cheers!
This popular local theater group performs original plays, musicals, murder mysteries, comedies and children's theater.
Air Classics Museum of Aviation
Vintage military and training planes, plus displays of aviation uniforms and memorabilia. Open by appointment only.
Aurora Regional Fire Museum
This museum features vintage firefighting equipment, memorabilia from the 1871 Chicago Fire, photographs and a gift shop.
Blackberry Oaks Golf Course
This 18-hole course is par 72.
The Illinois River slices a 273-mile long path through the state—its waters lapping along the shores of many cities, including; La Salle, Peru, Peoria and Ottawa to name just a few. It’s in Ottawa where the Illinois River meets Buffalo Rock. Buffalo Rock sits like a sandstone island above the surrounding land and the Illinois River, and offers sweeping views of this famed waterway. On your journey down the river, your eyes will never tire from all the wildlife that call the river home. From Black-crowed heron, river otters, Western ribbon snakes even bald eagles. In some spots you’ll traverse tight canyons with tall rock formations on either side, and in other areas you’ll share the river with barges and commercial boats. Whether you’re kayaking or canoeing, you’ll experience the shear power of the winding river that was carved by glacial melt water in all its seasonal colors, with its various incarnations of forests, wetlands, bluffs and prairies to enjoy.
Mendota Hills Wind Farm
The largest commercial wind farm in Illinois features 63 towering windmills that are an awesome sight to see, and generate an alternative source of electric power.
This kinetic water sculpture, created by Christian Tobin, combines art with the law of physics to enable giant stones to rock, spin and swivel on a cushion of water.
Larson's Family Farm
Open throughout October, enjoy scenic hayrides on weekends, a pumpkin patch, the Barn Store, and Christmas trees after Thanksgiving.
Aurora Downtown Walking Tour
Take a self-guided tour of Aurora's historic downtown. Tour brochures are available at the Aurora Area Convention and Visitor's Bureau.
Aurora Historic Districts/Aurora Historic Preservation Commission
Tour the Near Eastside (350 homes dating from the 1800s), Stolp Island, Westside and Riddle Highlands, two of which are listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Fox Bend Golf Course
Fox Bend offers a challenging and scenic tour of streams, ponds, willow trees and elevation changes. This highly regarded course has played host to several tournaments and qualifiers.
Illini State Park
Illini State Park is the type of park you think of when you think of big picnics and family gatherings. With its rustic Civilian Conservation Corps buildings and riverside picnic areas, Illini State Park offers beautiful views and a sense of history not found in many other parks. Named for the native Americans who once inhabited the area, Illini State Park is located south of the Illinois River between Marseilles and U.S. Route 6. The northern edge of the 510-acre park is bordered by the Great Falls of the Illinois River. In just 2 miles, the river drops 3 feet, creating beautiful, roaring rapids.
Lockport Street Gallery
Incredible place to browse and shop. Glass jewelry, art and more. From Tiffany to Nedobeck.
Less than 1 hour from Chicago, Kayak Morris provides unique rentals, guided tours and lessons. Trips are approximately 2 hours in length. Kayak and canoe tours maintain a leisurely pace, making stops along the way to enjoy nature and to take a rest. For a faster pace try a specialty kayak or canoe tour. All kayak and canoe tours will be on the Illinois River, Mazon River or I&M canal. All tours include kayak or canoe, life vest, paddle, lesson, and safety briefing. Tours are kept small in size to maintain comfort and pacing, so make sure to reserve your place ahead of time.
Heritage Bluffs Public Golf Club
This premier golfing destination was awarded 4-1/2 stars in Golf Digest's list of Places to Play.
Fox Valley Symphony
Top-notch pop, classical and family performances are presented under the guidance of Maestro Fusao Kajima.
Bicycle Trails - Aurora
More than 35 miles of trails, from Aurora to Crystal Lake, pass through scenic landscapes. Routes include the Fox River, Virgil Gilman and Red Oak Trails, and the Illinois Prairie Path.
Shabbona Lake State Park
Shabbona Lake State Park has 1,550 acres of rolling prairie and features a 318 acre man-made fishing lake. Shabbona Lake State Recreation Area provides a convenient, natural haven from the hustle and bustle of daily life. With facilities for picnicking, camping, hiking, fishing, hunting and winter sports, Shabbona Lake is a convenient and comfortable retreat where you can refresh and reinvigorate yourself in a rare, unspoiled environment.
LaSalle Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area
2,058 acre lake with rocky shoreline. Called a "perched" lake because it is formed by levees that rise above the surrounding land. High winds require that safety precautions be followed to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience.
William G. Stratton State Park
Although only 613 acres in size along the Illinois River, this state park is widely used by boaters and anglers of northeastern Illinois. Launching ramps with docks serve boaters from the Illinois River Bridge in Morris.
Ottawa Scouting Museum
A museum to promote and preserve the colorful and proud traditions of Boy/ Girl Scouting and Campfire.
Olde Timers Antique Centre
One of the biggest and most beautiful antique stores in Illinois. More than 100 dealers in 50 large booths and 175 lighted showcases. Thousands of the finest antiques from primitives to china, toys to jewelry, rooms full of beautiful furniture.
Fox Valley Center
One of Illinois' largest malls, this three-level enclosed shopping center features over 180 stores and restaurants, including Carson Pirie Scott, J.C.Penney, Marshall Field's and Sears.
The Cliffs Insane Terrain Off Road Park
Come check out our park, it has many miles of trails, created for the beginner all the way to the advanced rider. We have wooded areas, fields, creeks, and yes, the Famous Mud Hole. (Ask park personnel where it is). Plans are in progress to create a rock climb and bog for those who want more challenges. Call ahead for hours and track conditions.
Ultimate Sports Dome
This sports spot features go-karts, batting cages, miniature golf and an indoor driving range.
Pine Hills Golf Club
Described as a Canyon Course complete with bluffs, valleys, hills and hundreds of trees. It is a challenge to both the beginner and the seasoned golfer and is recognized by many players as one of the finest 9-hole facilities in the country. The Club House offers a friendly atmosphere and includes a Pro-Shop, full service bar & restaurant with panoramic views of the Course and outdoor patio.
Heritage Harbor Resort & Marina
Heritage Harbor Ottawa is the premier Marina Resort Community. Located in the heart of Starved Rock Country, Heritage Harbor Ottawa is home port for your next great adventure!
Handcrafted Soap, tea, chocolate and gourmet treats, fair trade clothing & goods, yarns, knitting & crochet supplies, fairy gardens, miniature plants, garden accents, home decor, lighting and more! Classes offered too!
Reddick Mansion Association
One of Ottawa's greatest treasures. Built in 1858, this three story, 22-room Italianate mansion was possibly the most expensive private home in Illinois at that time. Tours available 6 days a week- 11am to 3pm. Closed Tuesdays & major holidays.
Westfield Fox Valley
DuPage County, Chicago’s Western Suburbs - One of Illinois' largest malls, this three-level enclosed shopping center features over 180 stores and restaurants, including Carson Pirie Scott, JCPenney, Macy's and Sears.
Ayers Landing Canoe Rental
Canoe trips on lower Fox River.
Rural America Crafts and Antiques
Folk art, primitive cupboards, Boyd's Bears, antiques, candles, baskets, decor and more.
Marseilles State Fish and Wildlife Area
Containing 2,550 acres, the area is jointly used by the Illinois National Guard as a training facility and is open to the general public for hunting.
Oswegoland Civic Center Aquatic Park
This community water park features colorful slides, tubes, a zero-depth pool and concession booth.
Gramma's Attic Antique Mall
3 floors - 7,500 square feet of antiques, gifts, linens, crafts, glassware, collectibles, furniture, cast iron skillets, farm toy collectibles, books, dolls and pottery. Come shop where the coffee is always on and cookies served.
Enter and enjoy a 3,500 sq ft. building full of unique gifts, florals, and home décor.
Wayne's World - Downtown Aurora
This excellent comedy follows the pursuits of a pair of suburban Aurora slacker friends who have a public access cable show and a penchant for ‘70s rock. The movie was filmed on location in Aurora and Chicago. One of the notable Chicago sites includes a kitschy gift shop with a large Indian statue on its roof.
Aurora Skate Center
Skate to the sounds of Top 40 music. The skate center also features special live organ music dance sessions.
Sri Venkateswara Swami Temple of Greater Chicago
This temple is one of only three Sri Venkateswara Hindu temples in the United States, constructed by Native American artisans.
Waterman Winery & Vineyards
Waterman Winery produces wine that is made from homegrown grapes right here in DeKalb County. They offer wine tasting events, and tours upon request. Can host outdoor or indoor events.
Ottawa Visitors Center
Open 7 days a week to service the traveling public. The Ottawa Visitors Center is your one stop shop for information on the Starved Rock Areas special events, lodging, and outdoor activities. Stroll our turn-of-the-century Old Town with its lush walkways, boutique shops and unique restaurants. Stop here for your "Scenic Route to the Rock."
Fox River Bed And Breakfast
Fox River Bed and Breakfast is a historic Victorian farm house located 90 miles West of Chicago, and eight miles North of Ottawa, Illinois in the country on 17 lovely acres. We are surrounded by more things to do than you could ever imagine. The area is rich in history and the food is hot and delicious!
Stonehouse Park - RV & Campground
The park has approximately 100 water, electric and sewer hookups. Each electric hookup has 20amp, 30amp and 50amp service. These hookups can be used with RV's, vendor vehicles, booths, tent or camp setups, and other purposes. Ample space is available for open or primitive camping. Rates may vary depending on group size and facility requirements.
River Bluff-Effigy Tumuli Trails
River Bluff-Effigy Tumuli Trails in Buffalo Rock State Park offers a unique hiking experience high above the Illinois River and around the massive earthen sculptures of the Effigy Tumuli. Clocking in at 3-miles this easy to moderate hike will be a sight you’ll want to see. The River Bluff Trail is a great way to experience the Buffalo Rock landscape. Buffalo Rock sits like a sandstone island above the surrounding land and Illinois River. The park features oak and hickory woodlands and an expanse of restored grassland where the Effigy Tumuli rise.
Randall/Orchard Road Corridor
These rapidly growing roads stretching through Aurora, North Aurora and Batavia are full of shopping and restaurant surprises.
Shabbona Lake State Park Campground
Shabbona Lake State Park Campground is a semi-wooded area with 150 Class A sites with electricity, showers, vehicular access, boat launch, playground, kid's fishing area, and The Camp Store. Bring your own poles or use The Camp Store's loaner fishing poles! We also have paddle boats that you may rent to enjoy a scenic view of Shabbona Lake. Each campsite has a gravel parking space, picnic table, and a campfire ring. Shabbona Lake State Park has two cabins available for rent. The cabin consists of two rooms that total approx. 200 square feet. Cabins are located near the shore of the lake and are fairly secluded.
Fox River Games Paintball
Bring a group of friends to play a round of paintball at Fox River Games. Open play or "walk-on" play is recreational play for all ages (age restrictions) and skill levels. Play as an individual or play in groups. Typically we are open every weekend Saturday and Sunday and during the summer we operate on Wednesdays and Fridays too. Please check our website for our operating schedule and specific hours of operation.
This historic landmark theater offers affordable live entertainment including a critically-acclaimed Broadway Series, comedy, concerts and dance in both The Paramount Theatre & Copley Theatre. Group discounts. Theater rentals are perfect for meetings, performances, fundraisers and banquets.
Experience the natural beauty and tranquility of the Fox River. Call for reservations.
Paramount Theatrical Production: Les Misérables
This monumental novel comes to life in one of the greatest musicals of all time. It’s the story of ex-convict Jean Valjean and his journey for redemption. On that road, he encounters the never-wavering love of a mother, the innocence of a child, the steely determination of a hunter and the passion of youthful freedom fighters.
The Homestead Sculpture Garden and Labyrinth
Art lovers will admire the beautiful brick labyrinth and distinctive contemporary sculpture garden here.

CINCINNATI--Poorer patients have more severe ischemic strokes, or strokes resulting from blockages in blood vessels in the brain, according to new research from the University of Cincinnati (UC).
A study led by Dawn Kleindorfer, MD, an associate professor in the department of neurology, found that increasing poverty in the neighborhood where the stroke patient lived was associated with worse stroke severity at presentation, independent of other known factors associated with stroke outcomes.
The study is being presented Wednesday, Feb. 9, in Los Angeles at International Stroke Conference 2011, the annual meeting of the American Stroke Association.
The research is part of the Greater Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky Stroke Study, begun in 1993 at the UC College of Medicine, which is funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and identifies all hospitalized and autopsied cases of stroke and transient ischemic attack (TIA) in a five-county region.
Researchers studied 1,933 cases of ischemic stroke from 2005, of which 21.9 percent of the patients were African-American and 52.3 percent were female, with an average overall patient age of 71. Researchers used community poverty levels based on census tract data to estimate individual socioeconomic status.
The poorest community socioeconomic status was associated with a significantly increased initial stroke severity by 1.6 points on a severity scale compared with the richest category, researchers found. The analysis remained significant even after adjustment for demographics and other diseases.
"The magnitude of change in stroke severity for the poorest patients was similar to the effect of having a history of coronary artery disease or high blood pressure," says Kleindorfer, a member of the UC Neuroscience Institute.
Although this study cannot definitively say why poorer patients have more severe strokes, researchers suggest that socioeconomic status might impact stroke severity via access to care, cultural factors, medication compliance or undiagnosed disease states.

- Written by Carlo Lo Raso
- Published on 12 March 2014
The Design of the GoldenEar Triton Seven Home Theater Speaker System
In discussing the Triton Seven's development with Sandy Gross, he made it clear that in order to get this model made at the price point that they wanted; the design team knew that they had to forgo some of the complexity and expense of the powered bass drivers used in the pricier Triton Two and Three models. So (paraphrasing here) they started with a clean sheet of paper and concentrated on the basics of tried and true speaker design, refining the details, taking the time and using the technology in the smartest and most resourceful manner in order to achieve their goal.
The Triton Sevens themselves are a rather elegant looking pair of speakers. They are of a modest height, barely reaching my waist when I stand beside them. They have a thinner width in front and are wider in back giving the speakers a wedge shaped cross section. That shape, combined with having a larger base area and a smaller slanted top means that none of the speaker's surfaces are parallel to each other. This along with having a gentle swept back rake to their design (intentional for aiming the sound of the tweeters to arrive at your ear level) makes for a very striking look. The towers are covered with a black fabric "sock" which is not meant to be removed, save for a service technician. The fabric is meant to provide extra damping to the speakers and, working in conjunction with the narrow front baffle, results in what GoldenEar calls "The Seven's precise and totally box-less image characteristics."
The Triton Seven's main driver compliment consists of a rather interesting High-Velocity Folded Ribbon Tweeter placed between a pair of 5.25" mid/bass drivers. This is commonly referred to as an MTM design or D'Appolito array named after its initial developer, Joseph D'Appolito. The internal pressure created by the mid/bass drivers during their operation is channeled to the base of the speaker where it couples with and excites the two opposing 8" passive radiators. These radiators exist in place of more commonly seen tuned ports and help to create what is essentially a fully sealed speaker design with unexpectedly robust and accurate bass reproduction.
The High-Velocity Folded Ribbon Tweeter or HVFR™ as it is named by GoldenEar, is similar in design to an Air Motion Transformer or Heil type tweeter. What are the benefits of such a driver you may ask? Well, whereas a more common dome or ribbon tweeter projects it's sound by vibrating a diaphragm back and forth, the HVFR™ looks and acts more like an accordion, pressurizing the surrounding air and launching the sound out at an extremely fast speed. The folded design of the diaphragm means it has more surface area and that subsequently more air can be moved than a competing dome or electrostatic tweeter of the same size. The increased surface area allows the accordion's movements to be very small to move a given amount of air, resulting in inherently low driver distortion. While originally developed in the early 70s and used on some high end speakers of the day, these types of drivers are still not in widespread use currently, although some manufacturers like Emotiva and Legacy are incorporating them in some of their offerings. In general, this driver type is said to require great care and attention to both cabinet and crossover design to achieve the best results. Obviously GoldenEar must feel like they are on to something good here, as they use the HVFR™ across their entire speaker line.
The 5.25" mid/bass drivers are also unique to the Triton Sevens. These rigid cast basket drivers were custom engineered to work in tandem with the twin passive radiators. These drivers were developed to have an extra-long throw without generating any additional distortion and they use no phase plugs to ensure that the Triton Sevens remain completely sealed so that the passive radiators can operate effectively.
The 8" passive radiators are installed in an opposing configuration at the base of the Tritons Sevens to help cancel out any unwanted vibrations while they operate. In its simplest form, a passive radiator is like a speaker driver without a magnet and motor assembly. It's a precisely weighted membrane that is excited by the internal forces in the speaker cabinet generated by the other drivers, usually a bass or a mid/bass driver. Passive radiators can be used in place of tuned ports in speaker or subwoofer designs to help generate the lower frequencies. The advantages being that sometimes ported speakers can exhibit "chuffing" sounds as air exits the port. Passive radiators generate no such unwanted noises and they can also be used in smaller speaker and subwoofer designs where longer tuned ports would be impractical to use.
The main downside to passive radiators is that it is more expensive and complicated to design such a system over a similar one using a tuned port. Sandy described the interaction between the mid/bass drivers and the passive radiators this way: "I had a discussion with Bob Johnston, our head of engineering, to go over the bass loading in more detail, as it seems to have worked out extremely well. He told me that they worked 3 months on getting it right. Basically, it has what I am going to call, Frequency Differentiated Damping or FDD. What Bob explained to me is that the cabinet has a fairly dense fill of a special hollow polyester fiber in a very specific configuration (less fill behind the upper driver, quite dense down to just above the passives, which have no damping between them and then damping at the bottom of the cabinet). This functions much like a well damped transmission line down to about 80 Hz (which loads and controls the drivers really well) and then becomes much more acoustically transparent below 80 Hz. This allows virtually all the internal bass energy generated by the 5.25" drivers inside the box to be effectively coupled to the two 8" passives down on the bottom on the sides where they effectively couple the bass energy to the room. Also, since they are opposite each other, their inertia is effectively cancelled, which we call "Inertially Balanced". I think this is another example of utilizing and incorporating technology which has clear acoustic benefits which doesn't necessarily cost more to do (well actually the fiber is relatively expensive, but not crazy) but just requires knowledge, experience, time and caring to get it right. Basically a hallmark and cornerstone of what we do."
Moving on to the accompanying speakers, both the SuperCenter XL and the SuperSat 3 share the same HVFR™ tweeters as the Triton Sevens. They also share the same type of High-Definition Cast-Basket Mid/Bass Drivers with Multi-Vaned Phase plugs, 5.25" diameter on the center speaker and 4.5" diameter on the satellites respectively. The center speaker also has a pair of oblong shaped passive radiators on its top side, again like the idea on the main speakers, these are meant to extend the low frequency reproduction beyond what you might expect of from a speaker of this size. Like the Triton Sevens, it also wears a matching non-removable fabric covering and is finished with glossy black end caps on either side.
I was initially concerned that the SuperCenter's driver layout may limit placement flexibility for some users as you'd want to keep some measure of breathing room around the passive radiators up top. However, Sandy indicated that: "In reality, the center channel only needs a couple (2) inches of clearance, as what is coming out is actually a very low frequency pressure wave and the added slot loading (from an AV rack shelf) actually improves things slightly, rather than causing any problems or boominess."
The SuperSat 3's design is very stylish and svelte at only 2.7" deep and 12" tall. These speakers feel very solid when you hold them in your hands. I originally mistook them for all metal or aluminum construction, but according to GoldenEar's literature, they are in fact made from "a rigid, non-resonant marble powder infused polymer." They also come with easily removable curved magnetic grilles and both a small bracket, which acts as a stand for shelf placement, and built in keyholes for wall mounting.
The ForceField 5 subwoofer is a stout looking little affair. Comfortably sized at roughly 15" wide by 18" deep by 14.5" high, it wears four rather large (palm sized) nubby-rubber isolation feet on its underside. Jammed inside this small trapezoidal package is a full on 12" long-throw subwoofer driver mounted in front, a 13" by 19" oblong passive radiator in the bottom and a built in digital amplifier rated at 1500 watts.
Weighing in at 46 pounds, the ForceField 5 feels very dense, both when you rap your knuckles on the cabinet and try to it pick up. The user controls are fairly standard for a powered subwoofer. There is a Low Pass Frequency dial, a Gain dial, an LFE input jack and High Level Inputs and Outputs. There is also no on/off toggle switch as this little guy is strictly auto signal sensing.
I personally wish there was some sort of parametric EQ feature, even just a single band. While I know auto room correction systems in most modern AV receivers take care of a lot of room issues when properly implemented, they can't always tame every dip or peak in every room. If you're the kind of person who likes to tweak your settings (guilty!) and go through the extra effort, it's nice to have this little extra measure of adjustment for difficult rooms or if your subwoofer placement options are limited. Go to Page 3: Setup

View Our Sponsors
Spread the Word
Support Team Fidelco!
Enter my HQ
Edit my Site
The Event that you are trying to reach has been disabled
For more information, please contact Fidelco Guide Dog Foundation, Inc. at
Before submitting any personal information, please read our

11 Jul 2013
Summary: John thought Rodney would close his eyes or at least take a deep breath or something, but there was nothing like that. It was just Rodney: bare-chested and huffy and annoyed like always, and then...a giant cat sitting on his haunches wearing dark grey pants.
Updated: 04 Jan 2013; Published: 04 Jan 2013
Wooo hoooo. Hot
And furry. And my own stupid geriatric cat is doing her usual middle of the night yowling for no reason and it really didn't help the scene setting at all.

Reuters Market Eye - Shares in cement makers fall after October-December earnings fail to impress investors.
Ambuja Cements' (ABUJ.NS) net profit fell by 29.8 percent to 2.12 billion rupees, while ACC Ltd (ACC.NS) on Thursday reported a 49 percent fall in net profit.
Weak results are dashing some of last month's optimism that cement prices would rise if capacity lags demand.
Deutsche Bank downgraded ACC rating to "hold" from "buy", saying October-December earnings had come in below its forecast and noting lower demand and prices for cement were casting doubts about the health of the industry.
Ambuja Cements shares fall 5.2 percent while ACC is down 1.8 percent.
(Reporting by Abhishek Vishnoi)
Trending On Reuters
Heavy rains and a landslide in the Himalayan region of Kashmir killed 17 people, police said on Tuesday, as authorities continued working to rescue stranded villagers, with unseasonal rains raising fears of flash floods in the mountainous north. Full Article

For the past few months I have had a number of people asking me if and when I plan on releasing the code to my AirDeck project. This is something I have been thinking about, but I have a number of concerns. I am not intending to make any money off this project (not even sure if I could), but I know that I would not someone else to run with the code and make money off of it either. Also, because I am using several APIs that were developed by other people, I am not sure what the licensing issues are. So, I am still deciding on how to proceed.
In the meantime, however, I have decided to post an early iteration of this project in applet form. This is a mouse based version, not using the Wii remote, as this is how I initially began coding and testing the project. I will be the first to admit this is somewhat buggy. I am also interested in seeing how this runs as a client applet on other machines over the internet. This is using a beta version of the JSYN api that is supposed to work without any plugin software. It works fine on my machine, but please leave me a note in the comments describing any issues you may encounter. Thanks and enjoy!
Also, this is a java applet, so java must be installed on your machine. Here is a link to the applet page:

Members of the House Financial Services Committee are considering how much authority U.S. government auditors should be given to monitor the Federal Reserve, including whether the Fed should be subject to audits of its financial records.
(See related article | See more polls, discussions and hot topics)
Should the Fed's books be open to Congress, or does the central bank need more autonomy from political oversight, and the ability to conduct its monetary-policy deliberations privately?
Set up your profile to connect with members of Journal Community.
Your profile gives you access to personal messages, connections, and Group invitations.
Participate in engaging dialogue on topics that matter to you and other members of your group.
When you join groups you'll find them for easy access here. Learn new perspectives and educate each other.....

Central Intelligence Agency
From Uncyclopedia, the content-free encyclopedia
“I'm sorry that kind of information is classified, I can't tell you that the CIA is an intelligence organization in America, no, nor can I tell you that it has agents in nearly every country, sorry, I'm not allowed to reveal that type of information.”
“Basically it comes down to this. We can either ████████ or not. It's just as simple as that. We can plan to ████████ in █████ but that might cost $██,███,███,███,███,███,███ and I don't think President ██████ would support that so I guess we'll have to ██████ ███ him.”
|NB. CIA will occasionally update this article to make more "fun", just as they have been updating the CIA article in Wikipedia. Unfortunately, humor is not their strong suit.|
The Central Intelligence Agency is the younger and dumber sibling of the Central Stupidity Agency which is controlled by the Chinese Intelligence in America. The CIA, which is sometimes known as the Challenged Intellectual Association and occasionally referred to as Cornhole Inbred Americans, takes a leading role in the USA's efforts to totally piss off the rest of the world. Essentially, this organization is a
Catalyst for International Atrocities
Regardless of what people say, as an organization CIA is definitely not lazy! CIA has worked hard internationally to supply up-and-coming terrorist groups with weapons, overthrowing democratically elected governments, supporting death squads - you name it, they've done it... They like to see themselves as "the guys that are always there - over on the wrong side of the fence" or "if it's immoral, but doesn't serve a higher purpose, then WE'LL JUST DO IT!".
It is in fact a highly ████████ office of government, and was recently rated #2 in the 100 Best Intelligence Agencies program on Channel 4 (losing out to those nice fellows at the FSB). The CIA even ran a mind control program they gleefully baptized MKULTRA, which was aimed at brainwashing peasants for their sadistic pleasure. Despite being criticized as having done more harm than good in all it does, the CIA has had a remarkable number of success stories including the finding of our beloved Lord High Abitar, George Dubya Bush after he got lost on a walk around his ranch.
The CIA doesn't ███ on anyone, your grandma tells them everything about you, so they'll arrest you and get her out of the retirement home you put her in. They used to be big in spying, but they were forced to abandon this strategy since they weren't that wonderful on the intelligence thingy. Last time they tried they really did their best, but they were simply unlucky when they mistook the exhaust pipes from a car for a nuclear device from ███████████.
Other important surveillance methods include using a large roll of string and tying the end to the back belt loop of your trousers. As you proceed through your daily routine, the string unwinds, demarcating your path and making it clear exactly where you've been. Trained CIA agents are then able to proceed from the location of the roll of string and retrace your steps. This surveillance method is not easily thwarted, however some have reported success weaving through traffic, which tangles the string and requires the agent to pick out all the knots.
The CIA would have you believe they are constantly watching terrorists in an attempt to keep you safe. But don't believe this hype - that's what they want you to think!
Research show that CIA employees actually spend much of their time researching the content on websites with titles such as upskirtgirls.com and guten-tag-herr-dingdong.de, but this is ████████████████. Doub-O's uncle is in the CIA. But, lets face it, if you had that kind of power, you would be doing the same thing. The honest truth is that the CIA doesn't give a damn about what ████████████████ do to you or your cats. There was a time when the CIA gave serious consideration to fighting terrorism. However, they haven't been able to find an agent as cool as MI6's 007 - they just wouldn't measure up. It would be like comparing a horse's penis and a cippilata that belonged to █████████████.
Unbeknownst to them, the British have also invested heavily in terrorist groups around the world in recent years as part of their underdog-backing (similar to America's underdog-fucking, but completely different in every way) national belief system. Despite their best efforts, terrorism appeared to be in major decline around the world, with numbers in Northern Ireland, a former stronghold of CIA-backed terror, declining to the point of Seriously Endangered. However in a stroke of genius, the American president, with the help of his British allies, were able to mix religion with warfare to create a potent catalyst for international terrorism. Thanks to him the future employment of both 007 and the CIA are assured.
Today, CIA directs its razor sharp focus mainly on industrial espionage by penetrating high-tech companies in other developed democracies. And frankly, it’s much more ██████ than looking out for dingbats in third world countries (food is much better!), and American companies need a “competitive advantage”, but mostly because they don’t shoot back at these companies.
Occasionally, when the highly skilled operative get caught with his pants down and his paw in the jar, the worst that can happen is a *paid* flight back to the States!! And best of all, they keep their mouths shut at the companies and there is rarely ANY negative media coverage AT ALL!!! It's prefect. although you might want to stay quiet around the agents of the CIA, if you tell them you've been reading this article or other things about their organization, they will brainwash and kill you, but mostly kill you.
The CIA was recently embarrassed hugely when it discovered that it had in fact been using black highlighters on many key documents, particularly those concerning its involvement in the assassination of the noted American communist John F. Kennedy (communist as absolutely 100% proven by The John Birch Society in an the ad in the Dallas Morning News during the day of the JFK assassination), sometimes with entire pages highlighted due to many frivolous CIA operatives finding the information to be of such importance.
CIA spokesperson, █████ ███████████, explained: "We just thought black was a cool color. You know, black suits, black sunglasses etc. It never occurred to us that the use of a black highlighter would inhibit the clarity of such documents as the reports on the death of President Kennedy (may he rest in peace)."
Assassinations of American ████████████████
Despite what people think, it's now been WELL OVER 40 years since CIA last assassinated a ████████ of the United States. And EVEN THEN, the whole thing was planned, agreed and carried out primarily by local level operatives, criminal fruitcakes, right-wing nutcases (sometimes the three can be really difficult to separate...), and the BBC.
You can rest assured, that today there are no immediate plans at the highest hierarchy of CIA to assassin any American president (comment: “of the USA”. Let us not promise too much!).
During the early part of George H. W. Bush's reign in the oval imperial throne, he decided that Iraqistanaterrorist sand was the best sand in the world for his son's sandbox and that it must be invaded and leveled (except for the oil fields) in order to give Baby Bush an environment conducive to creativity. Some developmental psychologists conclude that it was these days in Iraqistanaterroristland that made Baby Bush the wonderful destroyer that he is today. It is unknown why Baby Bush ended up never learning anything about the oil business while in such close proximity to its workings though, he was always surprised when oil did not instantly make him money. This led to his increased anger which he often took out on unsuspecting civilians left in the region which he labeled "terrorists". For his extreme cruelty toward the natives, he did though begin to enjoy their national sport, Synchronized car bombing, which has in the past few years grown to become a spectacle of truly moronolithic proportions. CIA has pulled their weight by setting up concealed recreational facilities for engaging in high-spirited debates with their guests. Interestingly this invasion did not exist during the presidency of Sane-ey McSaneSane (also referred to as Scuzzball McSaneSane, or Bill Clinton) and began immediately after another bush entered the throne.
The CIA factbook has many facts in it, as evidenced by the title. One main fact is that a certain kayakers parents very much dislike another certain kayaker. IT also has numerous other facts, such as which sport is the best (kayaking) and the best hockey team (habs).
Sensible, intelligent employees (there was one!) at the firm have had a tendency to become disengaged, frustrated and disheartened due to the grave incompetency of upper management. So in reality working conditions are no different from those at any other multinational company.
██████ ███████████ █ █████████ █████
███ █████████ red ████████████Bob Saget █████████████ ██████ █████████████-licker. So, ███████ ██████ ███ ████████ █ ██homosexual███████████. ██ ████████ clearly a chicken ██████ ████████ ██ █ ██████████. ██████ ██ ████████████ pepperoni! This ████████████ fat ass with a huge ass ████████ seriously ██ a ████████ italian ██████ in the ██████ ██ Chuck Norris came over and a very ████████████ taco ████████████ telephone call from something ████ an anus. The ████ was then ████ in the ████ █████████████ KFC █████████████ innocent. "Penis ██ █████" He then said. ████████████ is not ████ for black people, ████████ ████ just like in the shining, and █████ semen horses ██████ █████ all over the place. ████████████ "HEADSHOT!!!" ███████████ 9 casualities ███████████ pizza party.
Criticism of Censorship in the CIA
████████ of the ████████ is no ████████! They block ████████ that would be ██ ████████ to you and the rest ██ ████████. If you had the citizens of ████████ in the palm of your hands and no one to stop you whatsoever even if it might be somewhat illegal to some extent? What I'm trying to say here is that the last time I checked, we have ██ ██████! And that means we are a nation! Our ████████ and ██ ████████ and McDonald's means something! And I'm not trying to confuse you! And the episode of Full House where it looks like someone in particular is about ██ ████████ was made by ██ ████████who give you ██████████ and you're ████████ asking ████████, "Why am I
████████ this?" Don't. You're done. And maybe gay. Get a life. Just kidding you guys are ████. I love you. A lot.
Some people suggests that it is misleading to call such an organization Central Intelligence Agency, as it contains the word ████████ which may also refer to some connection between the CIA and Intel Inc. (which is more probable than the relation between Intelligence and CIA). So there were other suggestions, like CUA (would mean Central Unintelligence Agency, not much of an idea, isn't it?) CUA may also refer to one of the following: Canadian Urological Association, Central Urinating Area, Catholic University of America, Credit Union Atlantic and Center for Ultracold Atoms. While the Urological Association has not yet protested, it has been suggested that the Catholic University would not prefer people with old phone books calling them about terrorists every second. So the idea has been dropped, and the question remains open: what should be the name of the most antipathetic, disagreeable, distasteful, effing, obnoxious, repugnant, sickening, sodding and unlovely organization of America.
Note: the idea Challenged Intelligence Agency has been dropped because of the growing protest of the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities (AAIDD).
The CIA also sharted in your coffee.
- ↑ providing Mujahideen with arms and ammo, which █████ later used to shot at.., entrusting Saddam with weapons, which he later..
- ↑ This became much more easy when he was equipped with a dog strap with an integrated radio transmitter that operated at frequency ██7███.93████████.

GET LOST IN THE VIBE!!!
Take a serene, vibrating journey through the stars...
- Pulses to a looping sound-track...
- 7 pulse settings!
full network access, view network connections
Add to list
Write the first review for this app!
No comments in the Android market yet

Some say love, it is a river That drowns the tender reed. Some say love, it is a razor That leaves your soul to bleed. Some say love, it is a hunger, An endless aching need. I say love, it is a flower, And you its only seed.
It's the heart afraid of breaking That never learns to dance. It's the dream afraid of waking That never takes the chance. It's the one who won't be taken, Who cannot seem to give, And the soul afraid of dyin' That never learns to live.
When the night has been too lonely And the road has been too long, And you think that love is only For the lucky and the strong, Just remember in the winter Far beneath the bitter snows Lies the seed that with the sun's love In the spring becomes the rose.
I've been singing this to Nathan every night for the past few weeks. I had forgotten about it until Jon and I planted the rose he gave me for Valentine's Day in our front flower bed, and then I remembered this song and how true it is. He seems to like it, probably because of the melody repetition and the rhythm, but I'm hoping the words sink in too. I want him to learn to live fully, to love deeply and to understand that, the same way the rose has to survive the bitter cold of winter, we sometimes have to survive difficult times in our lives in order to truly become the person we are supposed to become. And that those difficult times are only for a season, and the spring will come.

Description All the pictures of the series 'Melancholia' were taken along the Top of the World Highway in early October. The Road is actually closed at this time of the year, so you can be all by yourself upthere and enjoy the solitude, wind and weather and if you are lucky, see some wildlife like caribous or bears.Note: Watermark will not appear on print!
Priska Wettstein, Dawson City Member Since October 2010 Artist Statement The shapes and colors of nature are Priska's inspiration, and she arranges still lifes which highlight the natural beauty of everyday objects. The ethereal quality of her images makes them appear delicate and haunting.
My images can be found also here: http://www.greatbigcanvas.com/category/wettstein-priska/
I'm on facebook https://www.facebook.com/pages/Priska-Wettstein-Photographie/194659363908500

Naperville, IL -- (ReleaseWire) -- 07/24/2014 -- Reportstack, provider of premium market research reports announces the addition of CFM International, Inc.: Aerospace and Defense - Company Profile and SWOT Report market report to its offering Strategic Defence Intelligence's "CFM International, Inc.: Aerospace and Defense - Company Profile & SWOT Report" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, recent developments, key employees as well as company locations and subsidiaries.
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "CFM International, Inc."
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Strategic Defence Intelligence strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.
Examines and identifies key information and issues about "CFM International, Inc." for business intelligence requirements.
Studies and presents the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities (growth potential) and threats (competition). Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported.
The profile also contains information on business operations, company history, major products and services, key employees, and locations and subsidiaries.
Quickly enhance your understanding of "CFM International, Inc."
Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry.
Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors businesses better.
Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.
CFM International, Inc. (CFM International) is a provider of CFM56 series of jet engines. It offers six engine models; CFM56-7B, CFM56-5C, CFM56-5B, CFM56-5A, CFM56-3 and CFM56-2. The company's products find applications in airlines and airframers. Its engines are used in Boeing 737s, Airbus A320s, DC8s and the AWACS. Over 520 airlines, charter operators, militaries and leasing companies have selected the CFM56. In addition, it offers maintenance, repair, airline services and overhaul (MRO) services, apart from providing CFM parts. Furthermore, it provides services to the customers through 150 technical service representatives on-site, 500 specialized operators and with airline customers in over 50 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The company operates as a joint venture company of Snecma (SAFRAN) and GE Aviation. CFM International is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, the US.
CFM International, Inc.
To view the table of contents for this market research report please visit

If you're in the market for a 32-inch TV but can't summon any interest in 3D or can't afford the exceptional TX-L32DT30B, then Panasonic has the TX-L32E30B with which to tempt you.
This strips away the 3D stuff and a few other bits and bobs to deliver a much more affordable edge-lit TV without, hopefully, any sacrifice in picture quality.
The TX-L32E30B shares the same IPS Alpha LCD panel as the TX-L32DT30B, which means that it can be watched from a wider angle than typical panels.
The TX-L32E30B also goes a bundle on multimedia tools, offering everything from DLNA PC compatibility to USB/SD card file playback and access to Panasonic's new Viera Connect online platform. Add to this some unusually good build quality for a mid-priced 32-inch TV, and the TX-L32E30B certainly has plenty to shout about.
It has 42-inch and 37-inch siblings: the TX-L42E30B and TX-L37E30B. As noted, for 3D you'll need to step up to Panasonic's 32-inch TX-L32DT30B or 37-inch TX-L37DT30B sets, which introduce more sophisticated colour management tools and 400Hz (actually 200Hz plus a scanning backlight).
If you'd prefer to pay less for IPS Alpha technology, the E3 series is available in 37, 32, 24 and 19-inch sizes. There is also a 42-inch model, but this has a conventional LCD display. The E3 series use straightforward 50Hz scanning rather than the 100Hz-plus-blinking-backlight of the E30s, giving them only around a third of the E30's moving picture resolution.
Although this is less likely to be of interest to you if you're after a 32-inch TV, we should add that Panasonic also has an extensive suite of plasma TVs, ranging in size from 42 all the way up to 65 inches. These include the flagship VT30 series, which has 3D playback and the highest level of Panasonic's plasma screen technology, with more affordable (but still 3D ready) options in the shape of the GT30 series and ST30 series.

The Crimson Petal and the White
by Michel Faber
Canongate £17.99, pp835
Early on in this voluminous novel, the 'criticisin' of books becomes a bawdy euphemism for something that no lady would ever be caught doing, especially not in 1874, which is why, cloaked in the fetid fug of a London pub, William Rackham, heir to Rackham Perfumeries, sits awaiting the arrival of Miss Sugar, a young woman of less than fragrant virtue.
But Sugar is no ordinary tart; she is possessed of a 'masculine intellect' and in her spare time is writing a novel entitled The Fall and Rise of Sugar. Over the coming months, she will escape Mrs Castaway's brothel and install herself as William's concubine, his confidante and business adviser, and finally as governess to his neglected daughter Sophie.
As every undergraduate knows, the nineteenth-century novel is a big baggy monster and, after a series of shorter, sharp works, Michel Faber's latest is defiantly Victorian in style, content and, above all, form; the summation of 20 years' hard labour, it's a gripping beast of a book comprising five parts, 35 chapters and 835 pages.
Faber has blown the cobwebs off a cast of characters that includes prostitutes, a pastor, a do-gooding widow, a serial swooner bound for the asylum - or the attic - and a sinister doctor, along with bounders, beneath-stairs types and a ragged parade of disease-ridden crones and orphans.
Period detail saturates every sphere of life, from the whores' contraceptive 'bouillon' to highlights of the Season, but what animates Faber's characters is their conviction that they are living on the very cusp of change. In fact, with the Great Exhibition some 20 years behind them, this is the future: fashion is ruthlessly remoulding women's figures, the capital's pastry shops have all become 'patisseries', and even William Rackham has finally cut off his long university locks in preparation for life in the family firm.
Playing on the omniscience of the Victorian narrator, Faber leads us through his labyrinthine story in the come-hither voice of a brothel madam, breaching the boundaries of voyeurism within the first few pages by bidding us slide into bed beside a prostitute.
Sex is described in the business-like language of the trade, or else in prose purple and throbbing enough to make a connoisseur of such 'bad' sex fairly swoon in delight. But there is a violent and abusive subtext: the narrative muddles openings and orifices so that vaginas have teeth; hours are scalpelled from days; Rackham's fragile wife Agnes is subjected almost daily to Dr Curlew's tyrannically probing fingers.
Sugar herself has an unsettlingly prepubescent allure: with a boyish figure and husky voice - the result of a blade held too near to her throat once upon a time - her pale lips are perpetually cracked and bloody, and acute psoriasis has left her body striped like a tiger's, or one lashed with a whip. As the brothel's publication More Sprees in London notes, Sugar does what others won't, but her secret is that she'll do it with a smile. Hustled into prostitution by her own mother, Mrs Castaway, she is 19 by the time William meets her and already has six years' experience. 'You do the arithmetic,' our narrator instructs.
Faber is something of an unreconstructed feminist, and the novel that Sugar labours over while her punters sleep off their drink goes beyond autobiography, telling of the lurid exploits of a prostitute who carves up men, an inverted Jack the Ripper dreamt up years before he padded the city's streets. In fact, it's not entirely dissimilar to Faber's own debut novel, Under the Skin, but here, in such close proximity to the likes of women who specialise in dripping hot wax on to men's testicles, such self-lacerating disgust at his own sex is decidedly disconcerting.
The Crimson Petal and the White is a confection of melodrama, gothic horror, satire and sentimentalism. To say that it is a novel all about the Victorian novel would be to make it sound very dull indeed, but it is, in the wittiest, most irreverent way possible, teeming with the ghosts of literature past.
On his first evening with Sugar, William Rackham really does discuss literature - before pouncing on her from behind and flinging her bustle over her head. Not wishing to reveal his true identity at Miss Castaway's brothel, he creates an alias for himself, becoming Mr Hunt, a gentleman publisher occasionally called off to urgent meetings with Wilkie Collins. One old trollop even boasts: 'I've 'ad Charles Dickens.'
Sugar is not the only woman scribbling by candlelight: Agnes, too, seeks solace in the written word, but in the end all their sheaves of inky outpourings amount to nothing. The endlessly redrafted Fall and Rise of Sugar, Agnes's tragic diaries and later The Illuminated Thoughts & Preternatural Reflections of Agnes Pigott - all are cast into the wind, buried in the back garden, left abandoned under beds.
Our enduring infatuation with the Victorians is a curious thing, and while Faber may not offer much glossing, his text illustrates it perfectly.

If Tea Partiers are terrorists, as Joe Biden suggested, and if the President has Executive authority to assassinate American terrorists on foreign soil (as Obama claims), shouldn't Tea Partiers do the patriotic thing and confine their vacations to our glorious 57 states?
if i had a magic riot wand, i would wave it now. #debtdeal
Maybe she had in mind a friendly, peaceful riot? #leftyhypocrisy #whatelseisnew
I just know the left will denounce this apparent call to violence, although I don't notice the denunciations starting here. I do notice the White House distancing themselves from Biden's remarks, or assent, or whatever.
The always insightful James Taranto has more on incivilty and the left.

Most Active Stories
- Experts To Brief Lawmakers On Hep C In RI; Cost Of Treatment Likely To Come Up During Budget Talks
- Scott MacKay Commentary: Raimondo's Budget Challenges And Secrecy
- TGIF: 17 Things to Know About Rhode Island Politics & Media
- Alexander-Scott Nominated To Lead Health Dept.
- Gordon Fox: Financial Problems at the Apex of Political Power in RI
Thu October 17, 2013
Fla. Sheriff Speaks Out About Bullying Suicide Investigation
Originally published on Fri October 18, 2013 9:15 am
The Sheriff of Polk County, Fla. has arrested two middle school girls for bullying another girl, Rebecca Sedwick, until her suicide earlier this month.
Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said Facebook comments were the last straw after a month long investigation into Sedwick’s death. Two girls were arrested on felony aggravated stalking charges.
Judd read Saturday night’s Facebook post aloud at a press conference earlier this week: “Yes IK I bullied REBECCA nd she killed her self but IDGAF. [sic]”
Judd said he was upset the girl’s parents hadn’t taken away her access to online social networks, and he arrested her to make sure she didn’t bully anyone else.
Her parents claim their daughter’s account was hacked. Judd refutes that claim.
“Our criminal case was not built upon that Saturday data,” Judd told Here & Now‘s Robin Young. “And second of all, we have absolutely no reason to believe that it’s a hacker because it follows the pattern of activity from the evidence and witnesses we’ve already talked to.”
The investigation, which is still open, includes data from other social media websites.
“It’s not about one action that caused Rebecca to jump to her death,” Judd said. “She was tormented for months and months and months, to November of ’12. And not just online, but in person, in school.”
Judd does admit openly that he has been touched by Sedwick’s death.
“I was there that day,” Judd said. “I was there when I saw that 12 year-old child — that baby — dead at the foot of that cement plant. It broke my heart. And if there is anything that I can do to make sure that that never happens to another child, not just in my county but across the state and across the nation and around my world, I want to do that. Bullying shouldn’t be a law enforcement issue. The first line of defense are the parents. The second line of defense are the friends and the neighbors.”
- ABC: Sheriff Would Arrest Cyberbully Suspect’s Parents If He Could
- CNN: Girl Accused Of Bullying Florida Teen Before Suicide Has An Alibi: Her Father
- Grady Judd, Polk County Sheriff.

At its Partner Summit Monday, Novell plans to woo the channel to its new PartnerNet 2002 program by offering lowered fees, enhanced training, baseline technical support, and by reinstituting the certification process.
As first reported by CRN on Jan. 3, the Provo, Utah, software company is reducing program fees for both Platinum and Gold partners, reinstituting the certification process and offering enhanced benefits to its named partners as well as to other partners based on accelerated revenue they bring to the company.
In line with its Clear Channel Program and new rules of engagement, PartnerNet 2002 aims to address some of the problems and conflicts that arose with Novell partners last year. For example, Novell will sign co-engagement contracts with named partners, appoint go-to named partners in each district and name the top Fortune 5000 accounts it will oversee in each district.
"We corrected some of the ills [with Novell's partner program of 2001 but we have room for improvement," said Ladd Timpson, Novell's worldwide director of channel marketing.
Novell, which is trying to keep partners involved even as it integrates newly acquired Cambridge Technology Partners, has cut program fees for Platinum partners in half, to $1,500 annually from $2,995, and by 25 percent to Gold partners, to $750 annually. Last year, the fee was close to $1,000.
Novell also has created two levels of Platinum partners: integrators that provide services only and Platinum solution providers that sell products and services.
Based on channel feedback, Novell also has dropped sales quotas on partners and reinstituted the certification process after a hiatus in 2001. The new certification requirements for Certified Novell Engineers (CNEs) will be more stringent; Platinum partners are now required to have six NetWare CNEs and four sales professionals on staff while Gold partners must have two CNEs and two sales professionals on board. In addition, Platinum integrators that focus on services only must have two directory specialists on staff. Novell will also offer steep discounts of between 25 percent and 40 percent on CNE certification exams. CNEs will have until June 30 to become certified on NetWare 6.
As part of its recently unveiled named account-named partner model, Novell will provide baseline technical support without any particular sales quota. While less generous than free incident calls offered in 2000, Novell will hand out 15 free tech support calls to Platinum partners and four to Gold partners. However, all named partners, and other solution providers, can earn accelerated technical support benefits based on the revenue they generate, Novell said.
For example, Platinum partners can get five additional technical support calls for every $30,000 they bring into Novell's coffers, executives said.
"Before, they got none; it was all based on revenue attainments," said Timpson. "Now there are no sales quotas per se but an opportunity to receive accelerated benefits based on revenues."
As part of PartnerNet 2002, Platinum partners will also get two free days of education and training at Novell Authorized Education Centers for NetWare 5 and NetWare 6 as well as a free sales study kit and online mentoring. Gold partners will get one free day of education and training.
While Novell has outlined the named account-named partner model for channel partners, it will not define a new set of rules of engagement for its large Consulting and Systems Integration (CSI) partners such as Cap Gemini and Deloitte and Touche, executives said.
While the acquisition of Cambridge Technology Partners was of particular concern to CSI partners given the vertical, high-end focus of the new e-services arm, Novell will continue to work closely with global systems integrators and sign specific co-engagements on a project by project basis, according to the company.
"In general, there are not really any new rules for working with the CSIs. As you know, much of our focus with the CSIs is around creating and delivering solutions that are based on enterprise identity management via integration into ERP [human resources systems and secure infrastructure for e-enterprises, e-business CRM or supply chain portals and hosted services," said Jo McCausland, director of Novell's CSI Alliances program. "There is a strong drive within Novell sales to work more closely with our partners, both the traditional channel and the CSIs. Solution sales will be driven based on qualification of specific business initiatives in large accounts. E-account teams will work with the CSI account managers to determine the best strategy and appropriate CSI partner to fulfill the requirements of the client. Based on Novell's internal competencies and customer need, Novell will also fulfill the projects with our own resources."

US D493056 S1
Abstract available in
FIG. 1 is a front and top perspective view of a baseball bat holder attachable to a fence, showing my new design, and shown in association with a fence, bats and hanging clips shown in broken outline and not a part of this invention;
FIG. 2 is a top view thereof;
FIG. 3 is a front view thereof, the opposite rear view being plain and unornamented; and,
FIG. 4 is a sectional view thereof taken in the direction of the arrows upon the line 4—4 of FIG. 3.

TPD looking for armed robbery suspect
Thomasville Police Department is looking for man suspected of robbing a local insurance company.
According to a TPD press release, officers responded to All Risk Insurance, 301 National HIghway, Tuesday morning at 11:07 a.m. in reference to a robbery. An employee told police that a white male entered the business brandishing a knife and demanding money. He last was seen running with an undisclosed amount of money in the 800 block of Culbreth Avenue.
"Detectives are currently following up several leads," Detective Jamie Foley said. "The employee was alone and there were no customers inside the business at the time of the robbery. No injuries were reported."
The suspect is described as a white man approximately 35 years old, between 6 feet and 6 feet 3 inches tall. He was wearing black sunglasses, a plain black ball cap, light grey t-shirt, white socks pulled up high and shorts. The man got into a 1998 to 2004 black Nissan Maxima with a rear spoiler parked nearby and fled the area. The investigation is ongoing.
Anyone with information is asked to call TPD at 475-4279 or Crime Stoppers of Thomasville at 476-8477. Crime Stoppers of Thomasville offers cash rewards to anonymous callers for tips which lead to an arrest, seizure of illegal drugs or stolen property, or provides a solution to an unsolved criminal case.
Staff Writer Eliot Duke can be reached at 888-3578, or firstname.lastname@example.org.

April 28, 2013
Fifth Sunday in Easter
For Catholics, spring seems to have come early with the election of Pope Francis on March 13th. There is a general sense of newness, of renewed hope and excitement about having a Latin American Pontiff. The media, both Catholic and secular, is following his every step and noticing his symbolic gestures with great interest.
What are we noticing? He lived in a small apartment in a poor section of the city, having sold the Archbishop’s residence in Buenos Aires. He rode the bus to work every day. He served the homeless; he knew the homeless. He took the name Francis in honor of the poor man of Assisi. He wears his simple white cassock, eschewing any other fancy clothes. His shoes are the old black ones he wore to Rome. He rode the van with the other Cardinals and left the limo sitting there. He bowed his head for a blessing from the people before he blessed them.
He stepped out of the jeep which was touring the crowds in St. Peter’s Square to cradle a handicapped man. Now people are handing him the disabled and babies to hold and bless. He celebrated his Holy Thursday in a juvenile detention center washing the feet of young men and women…He prays the liturgy and draws everyone into the holiness of the sacrament. He returned to the hotel where he stayed to pay his own bill and carry his bags. He asked his friends and family to stay in Argentina and give travel money they may have spent on a trip to Rome to the poor. His family and friends honored his wishes, but they did, however, send to Rome a homeless man whom the Pope had befriended. When he met the Pope, the man asked what he should call him. Pope Francis answered, “Just call me Jorge.”
It will take time for Pope Francis to make his mark in terms of management and vision for the Church. Clearly his first impressions are overwhelmingly attractive. But what of us, the people of God? Have we not the ability to do exactly what we have been drawn to in these past few weeks? Can we not abandon wealth and excessive consumerism? Can we not befriend the homeless and defend them? Can we live simply in our own lives and be happy with what we have? Can we keep our old shoes and not bend to the expectations of others about attire?
What is to keep us from taking the bus to work or living in a poor neighborhood? What keeps us from reverently participating in Mass? Are we free to bow our heads to receive the blessings of each other and to give them ours? Do we seek out the neediest in society? Can we not hold them with the same tenderness as Pope Francis does? Who is to stop us from reaching out to the wounded teenagers in our midst? Whose feet are we called to wash? What babies are we called to hold?
It is impossible not to see Christ in the actions of Pope Francis, and it is compellingly attractive, enticing the whole world to desire to reach out and be touched by his sheer human decency and genuine holiness. Imagine a world where all Christians lived in the simplicity of love and tenderness? The few words that we have heard from him reiterate the same themes of humility, compassion, tenderness, and care for the poor. He preaches the gospel in word and in deed. We do not need to be Pope to do the same.
Digest of Articles from Catholic Blogs and Websites
April 28, 2013
See how those Christians love!
There is a story about the renowned artist Paul Gustave Doré who lost his passport while traveling in Europe. When he came to a border crossing, he explained his predicament to one of the guards. Giving his name to the official, Doré hoped he would be recognized and allowed to pass. The guard, however, said that many people attempted to cross the border by claiming to be persons they were not. But, Doré, of course, insisted that he was the man he claimed to be. “All right,” said the official, “we’ll give you a test, and if you pass it we’ll allow you to go through.” Handing him a pencil and a sheet of paper, he told the artist to sketch several peasants standing nearby. Doré did it so quickly and skillfully that the guard was convinced he was indeed who he claimed to be. His actions confirmed his identity.
Divine Providence and Murphy’s Law
If God provides, then why is Murphy’s Law a law that seems to apply even to devout Christians? Why to bad things happen to good people? This article seeks to answer these questions and show how trials and tribulations fits into Divine Providence.
5th Easter: The New Jerusalem
While on vacation a few summers ago I met a wonderful Moslem man who asked me about Jerusalem. His question shocked me. I don’t know if his question represented a popular thought in Islam, but what he asked was, “Do Christians support the Jews because they believe that someday Israel will rule the world from Jerusalem?” His question was based on the second reading for this Sunday from the twenty-first chapter of the Book of Revelations. This chapter speaks about the New Jerusalem.
What Is Social Justice?
When last we met, we looked at Rerum Novarum, Pope Leo XIII’s encyclical which inaugurated modern Catholic social thought. We now continue our magical mystery tour by turning our attention to Pope Pius XI’s Quadragesimo Anno of 1931. Before we explore the major themes of this incredibly important document, however, it would serve us well to examine a term that Pope Pius formally introduced into the Church’s social doctrine, but which is the source of much confusion, particularly in the United States. What, exactly, is “social justice?”
What year was Jesus born? The answer may surprise you
You might think that Jesus was born in the Year Zero–between 1 B.C. and A.D. 1.
You often hear that Jesus was born around 6-7 B.C.
The evidence from the Bible and the Church Fathers, however, support a different year.
Here’s what the evidence says . . .
Being Christian Means Risking Following Jesus, Pope Teaches
Lukewarm Christians try to build a Church that conforms to their own common sense and see too much risk in following Jesus, Pope Francis said.
“They are Christians of good sense only: They keep their distance. Christians, so to speak, who are ‘satellites,’ that have a Church small in size. To quote the words of Jesus in Revelation, (they are) ‘lukewarm Christians,’” the Pope said at the April 20 morning Mass in the chapel of St. Martha’s residence.
Key at Final Judgment Will be Love
Pope Francis dedicated the catechesis of his Wednesday general audience to three Gospel texts that help us to enter into the mystery of one of the truths professed in the Creed: that Jesus “will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead”. The three texts are: the parable of the ten virgins; the parable of the talents; and the final judgment. They all form part of Jesus’ teaching on the end of time in the Gospel of St. Matthew.
On Christ’s Second Coming
Here is the translation of the Holy Father’s weekly General Audience address in St. Peter’s Square where he continued the cycle of catechesis dedicated to the Year of Faith.
Dear brothers and sisters,
In the Creed we profess that Jesus “will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead.” Human history begins with the creation of man and woman in the image and likeness of God and ends with the final judgment of Christ. Often these two poles of history are forgotten, and, above all, faith in the return of Christ and the last judgment sometimes is not so clear and steadfast in the hearts of Christians. Jesus, during his public life, often focused on the reality of his last coming. Today I would like to reflect on three Evangelical texts that help us enter this mystery: that of the ten virgins, the talents and the final judgment. All three are part of the Jesus’ discourse on the end of times, in the Gospel of St. Matthew.
Pope Leo and Saint Michael the Archangel
In 1947 Father Domenico Pechenino related what he had witnessed over six decades before.
“I do not remember the exact year. One morning the great Pope Leo XIII had celebrated a Mass and, as usual, was attending a Mass of thanksgiving. Suddenly, we saw him raise his head and stare at something above the celebrant’s head. He was staring motionlessly, without batting an eye. His expression was one of horror and awe; the colour and look on his face changing rapidly. Something unusual and grave was happening in him.
8 things to know and share about St. Mark and his gospel
April 25 is the feast of St. Mark, one of the companions of the apostles and the author of one of the gospels.
Who was he, and what do the Bible and the Church Fathers record about him?
Here are 8 things to know and share . . .
Good is not the Enemy of the Better, it is its Foundation. As Seen in an Animated Video
Back when I was in seminary (24+ years ago), I was an organist, and Music Director of the Seminary. And in those years I learned an important, albeit, frustrating reality, namely that many did not always appreciate what I considered to be the finer things of Church Music.
Oh What A Tangled Web They Weave
In last month’s article, we read how the legal system condemned an innocent, disabled woman to suffer a cruel and tortuous death. But when one looks at all the players involved in Terri Schiavo’s case, it’s crystal clear that she was merely a pawn in a much larger agenda, one intently focused on the legalization of physician-assisted suicide and euthanasia in America. The plan was simple: sell the idea that no one should have to live with disabilities; sugarcoat the organization’s name and intent; secure funding; and last but not least, infiltrate the legislature, the healthcare network and even the Catholic Church to the point that Margaret Sanger would have been proud.
Dear Graduates: You Are Going To Die
Congratulations graduates on your achievement. You managed to finish four years of expensive babysitting, ostensibly designed to prepare you for life, even though it bears absolutely no resemblance to it. Well, except for the fact that most of you have racked up inordinate amounts of debt with very little of value to show for it. That part resembles life quite well, actually.
The Church Is Not Backward, But Forward
It is as inevitable as the passing of time. Once there is a new pope, the world begins to wonder when the Catholic Church is going to leave its “medieval thinking” behind and join the “modern” age. It is the 21st century after all, and the Church needs to stop being so “backward.”
Gaining Your Temper(ance)
Jim runs a small business. He helps other businesses setup computer networks and troubleshoots other business needs. Lately, business has been growing faster than normal. As the pace quickens, he has become more stressed and spending more time in the office. What he never anticipated was the retention of his employees beginning to fade. His employees have been paid well, provided benefits, and given a modest vacation package. One day he saw a recent employee, Sally, at an industry convention and offered to buy her lunch.
The Time I Almost Stopped Praying… And Then God Showed Off
“I don’t even know why I’m praying for this anymore,” I told my spiritual director between sobs on a cold winter morning. “It seems like every time I pray for something really big, God says ‘Thank you for your prayers, but that’s not My will; please accept this.’” I sat there perplexed, not angry or hurt, just perplexed, wanting to understand what was so difficult to grasp.
Would You Say That to My Face?
In recent decades, America has made many wonderful advances in protecting the rights of people with disabilities and including them in society. Gone are the days of forced sterilization and institutionalization. Now we have laws making disability discrimination illegal and most public places handicap accessible. Children with special needs are able to get an education in most public school districts and, when one isn’t available or doesn’t meet a child’s specific needs, some states, like Oklahoma, even offer scholarships for those children to attend a private school that will. On top of all that, advancements in medicine and technology are also helping us live longer, more independent lives.
I Come to Heal, Not Accuse
One of the greatest obstacles to presenting the Sacrament of Confession is exposing perfectly good Catholics to a worldview they are completely unfamiliar with. When evangelizing on the Sacrament, we should always remember this fact: Many of the people we are reaching out to are good holy Catholics doing their best to live their life for Jesus Christ.
Fifty Years Later–Vatican II’s Unfinished Business
Today, 50 years after the opening of Vatican II, the misinterpretation of one of its most salient documents, Lumen Gentium, continues to drive a number of Catholics in the United States into one of two camps, the “right” or the “left.”
Fifty years after the opening of the Second Vatican Council, the Church in the United States is in the throes of a struggle. Loyal Catholics are showing renewed vigor and vitality, and are helping the Church to move forward in unity. At the same time, the Church is also being exhausted and drained from within by a vocal movement of other Catholics who continue to dissent from Church teachings, particularly the teachings of the Second Vatican Council.
NYTimes Puzzled Why Religious People Live Longer
The New York Times published a piece that wondered exactly why religious people live longer by a professor from the University of Stanford:
ONE of the most striking scientific discoveries about religion in recent years is that going to church weekly is good for you. Religious attendance — at least, religiosity — boosts the immune system and decreases blood pressure. It may add as much as two to three years to your life. The reason for this is not entirely clear.
She posits that it could be the built in social supports, it could just be a healthier lifestyle as Church attendees drink less, take less drugs, and are less promiscuous, and finally she posits that religious people clearly have better imaginations because they imagine God so they must be good at it.
What Is Your Epistemology?
Epistemology is one of those words in philosophy that confuses a lot of people, but it means how do you get your knowledge. The word comes from the Greek logos which means “a kind of study or science” and the episteme which means “knowledge” so it is a reflection about the sources and the process of knowledge. Among the ancient Greeks there were different views.* Which one are you?

I’ve tagged and released a new version of cmislib, the Python CMIS client library. What’s cool about this release is that it is the first one known to work with more than one CMIS provider. Yea for interoperability! The beauty of CMIS, realized! Okay, it wasn’t that beautiful, it’s still “0.1”, and there are known issues. But I can now say the library works with both Alfresco and IBM FileNet and that’s a Good Thing.
IBM was a big help with this. Al Brown, one of the CMIS spec leads turned one of his colleagues, Jay Brown, onto cmislib. Jay called me up and asked, “If I give you access to a FileNet P8 server, can you test cmislib against it?” I was on it faster than you could say, “unittest.main()”.
I think the effort was valuable for all sides. Our little “mini plugfest” turned up issues in my client as well as both CMIS providers. Jay worked hard to chase down everything on the FileNet side. Dave Caruana chased a few down on the Alfresco side as well. Thanks to everyone for the team effort.
Anyway, give the new cmislib release a try and give me your feedback. If you want a feel for how easy it can be to work with CMIS repositories using the cmislib API, check out the documentation or dive right in. Installation is as easy as “easy_install cmislib” (easy_install instructions).
Next up is Nuxeo. Can the open source ECM vendor achieve cmislib Unit Test Greatness faster than Big Blue? We shall see!

Are public/private partnerships the right choice for financing your campus projects and new facilities?
Declining appropriations and continued strain on most revenue sources make partnerships with private entities an attractive option for financing new campus facilities. But before forming partnerships, an institution must understand various structures and options, as well as possible implications of the partnerships on risk profile, debt capacity, credit rating, and even town-gown relations.
Join us in San Diego to learn how you can build partnerships with builders, financiers, property managers, and your community that will help minimize your institution’s financial risk and bring new opportunities to your physical campus. This program will cover a variety of financing models and delivery methods and highlight a diverse sample of recent campus projects.
Our team of expert instructors will present practical advice and information on the following:
There is also a post-conference workshop titled "The Smart RFP." See the complete agenda for details.
This interactive conference was designed specifically for business officers, directors of capital planning, and real estate management professionals. Its design also takes institutional leaders with facilities, finance, or planning responsibilities into consideration. Institutional leaders, including presidents or trustees with facilities, finance, or planning responsibilities, will also benefit.
Institutions that are updating or developing campus master plans, are considering the use of a private partner to fund facilities, or are in the early stages of establishing a private partnership to fund facilities will benefit most from this conference.
Recommended CPE Credits: 12.0 for main conference, 3.5 for workshop Delivery Method: Group-Live Prerequisites: None Program Level: Basic
Academic Impressions is registered with the National Association of State Boards of Accountancy (NASBA) as a sponsor of continuing professional education on the National Registry of CPE Sponsors. State boards of accountancy have final authority on the acceptance of individual courses for CPE credit. Complaints regarding registered sponsors may be addressed to the National Registry of CPE Sponsors, 150 Fourth Avenue North, Suite 700, Nashville, TN, 37219-2417. Website: www.nasba.org
We want you to be satisfied with your Academic Impressions learning experience. If the program you purchased fails to meet your expectations, please contact us within 30 days and let us know. We’ll credit the full amount you paid toward another AI program that may better fit your needs.
Learning Outcome:After participating in this conference, you will be able to make more informed decisions concerning your capital projects and institutional goals.
Each public/private partnership carries a host of consequential decisions. The impact of one structural decision, be it financial or operational, could have sincere repercussions to the nature of your arrangement for students and administration. This session will be an opportunity for you to sit in on conversation about tips and best practice considerations pertaining to:
Organizing a successful P3 project requires the ability to communicate the project to potential partners through the RFP. Designing the document should not be left to the lawyers, even though a lot of required boilerplate language is necessary. In this workshop, we will discuss the key decisions you must make before crafting your RFP, and we will offer a checklist to help you outline an RFP that includes considerations for both on-campus and off-campus projects. We’ll also examine emerging trends in public/private partnership agreements and how these trends should impact your RFP.
In advance of the workshop, you’ll receive a reading list of sample higher education RFPs to help you develop more detailed questions. Following the workshop, you’ll be able to incorporate key components into your RFP into the achievement of project and institutional goals.
Eva is a vice president on Moody’s Higher Education and Not-for-Profit Team. She covers the ratings of higher education and not-for-profit institutions across the US, particularly in the western states. Eva has authored multiple publications including Moody’s higher education annual outlook and special comments on the topics of Title IX, sequestration, student loans, philanthropic giving and the impact of need-blind admissions.
Prior to joining Moody’s, Eva held positions at Empire State Development Corporation, managing economic development financial incentives to New York State businesses and major institutions, and at New York University. Eva holds an A.B. from Middlebury College and an M.B.A. from New York University with a concentration in economics and management.
Jay Brown leads the Public Sector Real Estate Services practice specializing in strategic, transactional, and public/private real estate services to government and quasi-government entities. With over 23 years of public sector and real estate experience, Mr. Brown has performed and overseen numerous public-private transactions and asset repositioning strategies to help public sector clients generate revenue, reduce costs, and create jobs.
Mr. Brown is an active participant in several public-private real estate associations, including the Urban Land Institute’s (ULI) Public Development & Infrastructure Council, the Association of Defense Communities (ADC), National Council for Public-Private Partnerships (NCPPP), and the Federal Real Property Association (FRPA).
John Finke has more than 35 years’ experience in local government, nonprofit management, private sector development, and financing public private partnerships. John has used tax exempt 63-20 and 501(c)(3) bonds to finance and develop more than 1,600,000 sq ft of government and university offices, 750,000 sq ft of medical offices, 400,000 sq ft of research laboratories, 2,500 spaces of structured parking facilities for public institutions and 1,100 units of student housing. These award-winning projects total more than $2 Billion in direct development costs.
Mr. Gilbride focuses his practice on large, multifaceted commercial real estate development projects. He co-chairs Hodgson Russ’s College & University Practice Group and has significant experience in public/private partnerships, student housing development, construction and financing, hotel acquisition and financing transactions, nonprofit-sponsored real estate development projects, sports facility leasing and development, industrial development agency projects, commercial real estate financing transactions, and commercial leasing. Mr. Gilbride also devotes a portion of his practice to construction law matters, regularly representing owners and developers in construction and architect contract negotiations.
Mr. Gilbride is a member of the National Association of College and University Attorneys. He recently authored "P3 Development at Public Colleges and Universities: A Big Picture Perspective" for a National Association of College and University Attorneys conference.
Mr. Graham joined JLL in March 2014 as a Senior Vice President with the Public Institutions group. Located in San Diego, CA, he provides real estate, development and neighborhood revitalization advisory services to public sector and higher education clients in the western United States. He is currently managing a strategic engagement for the Port of San Diego in the redevelopment of its 530-acre waterfront master plan in the City of Chula Vista, which is anticipated to encompass thousands of hotel rooms, a convention center, and hundreds of thousands of square feet of retail and office space, parks and promenades, and a fire station. Other current assignments include a campus financing and development strategy for California State University Channel Islands and a downtown revitalization and implementation strategy for the City of Lynnwood, Washington.
Mr. Hunt is a member of JLL’s Public Institutions group located in Seattle, WA and is responsible for representing the team in the Western United States. His core focus is to help organizations link their real estate and facilities strategy to their overall business strategy. He is skilled at translating organizational needs into business cases and actionable performance criteria to support the planning, implementation and measurement of real estate and workplace strategies.
Steven Parfeniuk is the Vice-President of Finance and Administration at Sheridan College. Steven holds a Bachelor of Commerce from McMAster University and a Masters of Arts in Educational Leadership from Royal Roads University. Steven also is a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Management Accountant. Steven will begin a doctoral program at Royal Road University in the Winter of 2014. Steven has held senior leadership positions in education for more than 20 years and has been at Sheridan College Institute of Technology and Advanced Learning since 2010. Over the past 20 years Steven has been responsible for negotiating public private partnerships in several Ontario communities including Thunder Bay, Burlington, Mississauga, and Brampton. Steven is an avid triathlete and a four-time ironman finisher.
Jim G. Short is responsible for providing public/private solutions to colleges and universities nationwide. In this role, Mr. Short presents capital and structuring expertise to the higher education market for a variety of on-campus development projects including student housing, parking facilities, classroom and administrative buildings, and other infrastructure needs.
Prior to joining Balfour Beatty Campus Solutions, Mr. Short served as the US division president and board chairman for Campus Living Villages, a national leader in the privatized management and development of on-campus student housing, part of a global student housing network spanning the United States, Australia, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand. In this role, he was responsible for company integration following mergers, assembly of business development teams, overseeing two new developments and six acquisitions, and growth of the company from $36 million in revenue from fiscal 2006 to $81 million in revenue for fiscal 2011.
Ms. Skolnicki, EdR’s senior VP of university partnerships, is a nationally recognized industry leader, lecturing and writing extensively on team development, planning, financing, procurement and management of collegiate housing development projects. She oversees the development of the company’s on-campus student housing communities. Ms. Skolnicki has focused her career on creating dynamic student-life environments driven by institutional objectives. She came to EdR in 2013 with 15 years of higher education planning and implementation experience at Brailsford & Dunlavey (B&D), the University of Cincinnati and Turner Construction. Ms. Skolnicki has managed the master planning and implementation of more than 100 student life facilities on 50+ campuses resulting in over $2 billion in development. She received her B.A. in architecture from the University of Cincinnati and a construction management certificate from Harvard University. Ms. Skolnicki is an Ohio-registered architect and a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Accredited Professional.
Jason Taylor has more than a dozen years combined experience in consulting, project management, and marketing communications – all focused on campus housing. He has worked with more than 70 educational institutions, not-for-profit foundations, and private developers on issues related to demand and feasibility, program development, financial modeling, and other aspects of planning and operations.
Mr. Taylor has participated in numerous presentations, symposia, and panel discussions at regional and national conferences of organizations for student housing and higher-education professionals in the United States and Canada. He has authored an opinion article on changes in the rating agency view of affiliated student housing projects and co-authored a white paper on non-traditional student housing partnerships.
Earlier, as a public affairs and marketing advisor for University Housing at the University of Michigan, Mr. Taylor coordinated the marketing and public relations efforts of the sixth-largest campus housing system in the United States.
Nicholas Vaskov serves as System Counsel and Director of Real Estate Planning for the Nevada System of Higher Education (NSHE) - a unitary system composed of two universities, a state college, four community colleges, and a research institution that serves over 100,000 students. Prior to joining NSHE in 2013, Nicholas was in private practice with a major southwest regional law firm. Prior to that, he served as Assistant City Attorney, and later the appointed City Attorney, for the City of North Las Vegas focusing on land use and development during a period in which the city was one of the fastest growing in the country.
Over the past six years, John has been responsible for developing various aspects of the public private partnership with Marshall University and Capstone on-Campus Management. Prior to joining Marshall University, John held senior leadership positions at the University of Massachusetts, Louisiana State University, and the University of Miami and has been at Marshall University since 2009. He has collaborated on manuscripts for ACUHO-I, NASPA, and the American Association of Community Colleges. John holds a Master of Arts from Louisiana State University and recently completed his doctorate in Educational Leadership from Marshall University in 2013.
San Diego Marriott La Jolla4240 La Jolla Village Dr.La Jolla, CA 92037
To reserve your room, please call 858-587-1414. Please indicate that you are with the Academic Impressions group to receive the group rate.
The rate is $189 for single or double occupancy, plus applicable tax.
A room block has been reserved for the nights of January 25 and 26, 2015.
Make your reservations prior to January 5, 2015. There are a limited number of rooms available at the conference rate. Please make your reservations early.
San Diego Marriott La Jolla is located in San Diego's Golden Triangle. The hotel is near the University of California at San Diego and Scripps Research Institute. The hotel offers convenient access to La Jolla Shores, with its boutique shopping, art galleries, and restaurants all overlooking the La Jolla Cove. Just a short distance away, guests can use the skywalk to reach neighboring University Towne Centre, which features shopping, dining, and even an ice rink. Guests also have several on-site eateries to choose from during their stay.
The hotel is approximately 15 miles from San Diego International Airport (SAN).
Transportation options from SAN to San Diego Marriott La Jolla include:
Great presentations, well organized. Very informative!
The conference was pragmatic and forward thinking. Excellent topic and well sequenced.
University of West Florida
A very informative conference that was able to offer valuable insights from multiple P3 perspectives.
Director of Finance, Corvias Campus Living
Academic Impressions 4601 DTC Blvd., Suite 800 Denver, CO 80237
© Copyright 2014 Academic Impressions

The new odd couple: a priest and a neo-nazi
The plot itself sounds too out-there to be anything but a goof: Adam (Ulrich Thomsen), a neo-nazi, gets out of prison on a work-release program that sends him to a country church run by Ivan (Mads Mikkelsen), a priest who always looks on the bright side of life, and believes the Devil is behind all evil, and God will forgive all, whether it's a neo-nazi, or the other convicts working for him, like Gunnar, a thief and rapist, and Khalid, an armed robber. As part of the program, Adam has to pick a goal, which for him is to bake a pie. So his job is to protect the apple tree outside the church, which is under attack by blackbirds, worms and blight. Adam has a different job in mind though, as he seeks to break Ivan of his positivity, and prove to him people are capable of evil, and through a pattern of physical violence and psychological assault, Adam begins his war on Ivan's faith.
To reveal anymore about Ivan or Adam would serve only to rob potential viewers of the treats to come, which are revealed as a woman named Sarah arrives at the church, looking for advice regarding her illegitimate unborn child, who is at risk of brain damage due to her alcoholism. It's an incredible backstory that unfurls, in ways that are hard to believe even as they appear before your eyes. One scene, in which Sarah breaks down while talking to Ivan is fantastic, as the priest's gift for ignoring the negative aspects of life manifests itself in ridiculous requests that result in hysterical reactions from Adam. It's the outstanding acting by Thomsen and Mikkelsen that allow such an unusual story work as well as it does here.
While the acting is terrific, Jensen, one of the forces behind the dogme film concept, made a gorgeous movie that shows touches of inspiration from Tim Burton and James Whale, as the two halves of the movie couldn't be more different, visually representing the increasing influence Adam has over the church. Subtle is one word missing from the film's vocabulary though, as religious allegory and symbolism coats the film thickly. Even the soundtrack doesn't leave much to guess at, including the use of a Bee-Gees song that's just about perfectly placed. The ending might actually be the least subtle part of the film, as it's very storybook and predictable, and goes on much longer than it needed to.
The one caveat that must be provided is a warning regarding the violence in the film. To say it's extreme would be understating matters, as it doesn't fit in with the rest of the film, and is so graphic it draws gasps. Despite that, it is responsible for one of the funniest moments in the entire film, as Khalid is confronted by Adam's neo-nazi cohorts. Somehow, the inability of this Saudi Arabian native to speak Danish is translated to English subtitles perfectly, and the action is handled incredibly smoothly by the actors and Jensen, resulting in a scene dripping in dark-comedy genius.
The audio is presented in a Dolby Digital 2.0 track that won't impress any audiophiles, but it does its job well, with clean dialogue and strong music, as well as some solid sound effects. The mix keeps to the center channel for the most part, with nothing really dynamic involved.
The Bottom Line

The “Red October” Air Yeezy 2 saga made another turn on Christmas’ Eve when Foot Locker retracted on a previous report that the elusive kicks will be available tomorrow, December 27th. With Kanye West still promulgating seditious comments about his former collaborator from Beaverton, Nike will most likely ask retailers to hold off the launch till the scene cool off a bit. There is also the “worst case scenario,” where Nike shred and bury the entire Air Yeezy 2 “Red October” stock like it never existed in the first place. To complicate matters, West holds the rights to the name “Yeezy” as well. Whatever the future holds for “Red October,” it is unlikely Nike or anyone else will launch the sought after edition till next year. That is when the lucky winners of West’s giveaway contest will receive theirs. Maybe then, Nike will quietly release the rest and finally close this contemptuous project for good.
Unfortunately, the Nike Air Yeezy 2 will not be releasing via http://t.co/K5S0xnnVF1 on Dec 27. We have no further updates at this time.
— Foot Locker (@footlocker) December 24, 2013

Heaps: 2nd-Half Sub Rowe "Changed the Game"March 10, 2013 - Major League Soccer (MLS) New England Revolution
Safe to say the second-year midfielder made the desired impact, setting up Jerry Bengtson's game-winning goal shortly after entering the match as the Revs started 2013 in ideal fashion with a 1-0 win over the Chicago Fire.
"It's my job whether I play 90 minutes or 20 minutes to make an impact and do something for the team," said Rowe. "I definitely feel like I made an impact. I felt good going forward."
The Revs were under pressure for portions of the first half as the Fire pounced on turnovers, forcing New England goalkeeper Matt Reis into a trio of impressive saves before the halftime break. But Rowe's introduction in the 53rd minute turned the tide and the Revs immediately looked more dynamic in the attack.
Rowe so nearly set up Juan Toja for the opening goal just three minutes after entering, but it wasn't until the 62nd minute when the Revs actually made the breakthrough. Toja laid off a short pass to Rowe, who delivered a delicate chip over the top for Bengtson to nod home from close range.
"Kelyn came in and changed the game," said head coach Jay Heaps. "He came in and showed a little bit of class in terms of receiving the ball, finding the gaps and of course setting up the goal ... He can see the field, he knows where he is and we preach 'get the ball in the box,' because we know that Jerry likes to score goals like that."
Getting the ball in the box is precisely what Rowe was doing when he used his first touch to float a cross to the back post. Although he may not have spotted Bengtson making the run behind the Fire's backline, Rowe had an innate sense that the ball needed to be delivered to that area.
"I'm expecting someone to be there because it's (following) a corner kick, we've got our big guys up there and you know someone's going to be on that back post," Rowe said. "Jerry finds a way to find space to find a goal. I put it there. It's my job to put it there and he put it away."
Major League Soccer Stories from March 10, 2013
- Chivas USA Defeats FC Dallas, 3-1, at Home - Club Deportivo Chivas USA
- Union Defeat Colorado Rapids 2-1 - Philadelphia Union
- Heaps Lifts Revs in Season Opener - New England Revolution
- Heaps: 2nd-Half Sub Rowe "Changed the Game" - New England Revolution
- Timbers Fall 2-1 to Impact - Portland Timbers
- Impact Wins Second Straight on the Road with a 2-1 Win over Portland - Montreal Impact
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it, and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff.

Washington Square Hotel - Tigard, Portland
10830 SW Greenburg Rd - Portland1-877-662-6988
Washington Square Hotel offers hotel accommodation in the South Portland area.
This Tigard hotel offers free Wi-Fi, an elevator (lift) and laundry facilities. If you are in need of rest and relaxation you can find a spa tub, a sauna and a steam room on offer.
This hotel has a 24-hour business center.
We show TripAdvisor reviews for new Venere hotels that haven't been reviewed yet
Check Availability at Washington Square Hotel
Breakfast at Washington Square Hotel
A free continental breakfast is available between 6 AM and 10 AM.
- Steam bath
- Hydromassage Jacuzzi
- Dogs allowed
- Entire property is non-smoking
- Laundry room
- Pets accepted
- Meeting Room
- Business Center
- Internet/Email services
- Front desk - 24 hour
- Free parking
- Children 17 years old and younger stay free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding.
- Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the property directly, using the contact information on the booking confirmation (surcharges apply and can be found in the Fees section).
Check-in: after 4 PM.
Check-out: before noon.
Government-issued photo identification and a credit card are required at check-in for incidental charges.
Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges. Special requests cannot be guaranteed.
The following fees and deposits are charged by the property at time of service, check-in, or check-out.
- Pet fee: USD 15 per accommodation, per night
- Pet deposit: USD 75 per stay
The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change.
Washington Square Hotel is also known as
Shilo Inn Tigard/Washington Square
Shilo Inn Tigard/Washington Square Hotel Tigard
Shilo Inn Tigard/Washington Square Hotel
Shilo Inn Tigard
Tigard Shilo Inn
Book your pet-friendly accommodation at Washington Square Hotel, offering 79 guest rooms with free local calls and premium TV channels. Kitchen amenities include refrigerators and microwaves, making it possible to dine in while you travel.
Corporate travelers visiting the South Portland area will benefit from free wireless high-speed Internet access as well as desks. Additional guest comforts include air conditioning and coffee/tea makers.
Private bathrooms are outfitted with shower/tub combinations, hair dryers and complimentary toiletries.
- Air conditioning
- Mini fridge
- Extra beds
- Baby cots/cribs available
- Coffee and tea maker
- Hairdryer in each room
- In-room ironing facilities
- Wireless Internet access
Distances from Shilo Inn Tigard Washington SquareWashington Square Mall - 1 km / 0.6 mi
Live Laugh Love Glass - 1.3 km / 0.8 mi
Broadway Rose Theater Company - 1.7 km / 1 mi
RedTail Golf Center - 2.1 km / 1.3 mi
George Fox University Portland Center - 2.9 km / 1.8 mi
John Tigard House - 3.1 km / 1.9 mi
Portland Temple Visitors' Center - 3.4 km / 2.1 mi
Cook Park - 5 km / 3.1 mi
Beaverton Civic Theatre - 5.2 km / 3.2 mi
Beaverton History Center - 5.5 km / 3.4 mi
Bridgeport Village - 5.5 km / 3.4 mi
Pendleton Park - 5.6 km / 3.5 mi
Bridgeport Plaza Mall - 5.6 km / 3.5 mi
Gabriel Park - 6 km / 3.7 mi
Raleigh Park and Swim Center - 6.1 km / 3.8 mi
The preferred airport for Washington Square Hotel is Portland, OR (PDX-Portland Intl.) - 22 km / 13.7 mi.
Distances are calculated in a straight line from the property's location to the point of interest or airport and may not reflect actual travel distance.
Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 mile and kilometer.
Transportation services Washington Square Hotel
- Free parking

This sports blog is about everything and nothing and all the stuff in between. If it entertains and informs … fantastic! If it makes you angry, that’s OK, too. It’s worth mentioning that spending time here will reverse the aging process and cure bad breath.
Monthly Archive for September, 2007
First, thanks to the person who noted I left out two spots in the rankings I posted Sunday before the Seahawks game. [Read More]
My windows were open so I could hear the collective scream across Seattle when Matt Hasselbeck and Shaun Alexander collided, fumbled and established a dubious moment in Seahawks history. [Read More]

The MTV Awards are on tonight, so while I’m totally exited for Jared Leto’s perfect ombre and a sneak peak of the new X-Men movie (CANNOT WAIT, YOU GUYS), I have an issue with the awards categories.
So, while MTV is being cutesy and creative with their “Best #WTF Moment” and “Best Scared as S**t Performances” categories, they completely failed with their “Best Hero” slot. MTV’s “Best Heroes” category does not include women; namely, this category does not include Jennifer Lawrence, who plays Katniss Everdeen in Catching Fire. Which is in almost every category this year (“Movie of the Year, “Best Female Performance,” “Best Male Performance,” “Best Fight,” “Best On-Screen Transformation,” “Favorite Character,” and “Best Villain”).
Here’s who is considered a hero, though: Channing Tatum in White House Down (that was a thing?), Chris Hemsworth in Thor, Henry Cavill in Man of Steel, Martin Freeman in The Hobbit, and Robert Downey Jr. in Iron Man 3.
I’m not seeing Jennifer Lawrence, who is the hero of Catching Fire on that list. Not cool.
So, in honor of Katniss, here are 6 reasons why Jennifer Lawrence should have been nominated for the “Best Hero” award:
1. Let’s face it: J.Law embodies Katniss
Every tiny bit of Jennifer Lawrence goes into playing the role of The Girl on Fire. She plays a tough, compassionate, and selfless heroine who is able to start a revolution with merely an offering of berries. The way she says, “[Panem] must be very fragile, if a handful of berries can bring it down” to President Snow in Catching Fire, gave me very real chills.
2. Jennifer Lawrence refused to lose weight for the role
People initially protested her casting, arguing that Katniss was supposed to be “waifish,” not curvy. Of course, not many noticed that Josh Hutcherson was not the tall Peeta described in the book, and the actor who played Clove wasn’t big and buff. In response to all this, Jennifer Lawrence refused to budge with her weight and embraced her figure for the role. By doing this, Jennifer illustrated that a hero can have hips and still kick ass.
3. Suzanne Collins believes her to be the perfect Katniss
Collins stated that Jennifer Lawrence had “every essential quality necessary to play Katniss,” and “never thought we’d find somebody this amazing for the role,” and praised Jennifer for being “powerful, vulnerable, beautiful, unforgiving and brave.”
4. Katniss’ complicated relationship with Peeta is performed really well
Even though I don’t think The Hunger Games trilogy needed a love triangle to be successful, the way Katniss handles it is believable and heart-wrenching. In the book, I honestly didn’t care whether she would end up with Peeta or Gale. In the movie, however, I’m floored by Jennifer’s performance as Peeta’s pseudo fiancée and Gale’s genuine love interest.

081 859 2330
Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here.
Location - Select -
Property type - Select -
Square feet Area - Select -
Bedrooms - Select -
Type of listing - Select - Featured
Price range - Select -
Please click on the link below for the our Disclaimer and Copyright.

It seems as if there are plenty of people in the world who believe that education is “broken”. I totally disagree with this statement, and believe that there are plenty of excellent schools, students and teachers doing great things. However, I still believe there is a real need to revolutionise education, not because we are broken, but because we can be so much better than we are. A call to arms is easy, much easier, in fact, than deciding what we want our goal should be. The question of “what should education be?” has limitless answers. What I hope to achieve here is to outline a brief answer of my own, primarily as a means to organise my developing thoughts whilst engaging other educators in discussion.
I firmly believe that if we want to revolutionise education we need to start at the end point and work back. Today’s end point is generally a set of exams which test students on a limited set of content in limiting and limited conditions. I believe in the usefulness of external exams as a means to fairly assess talent, but can’t get away from the fact that they need to be reworked to mimic ways of working in the real world. Really useful exams need to include the following elements:
- Skills – Test skills, not content. This is not to say that content is not important, simply that in a connected and content saturated world what you can do is much more powerful than what you can do. Content will always be at the heart of knowledge, but we no longer need to focus on internalising content as much as we do on harnessing its power.
- Ways of Working – Allow students to work in a variety of ways, such as individually and collaboratively, online and offline, open and closed.
- Real – Ask students to solve authentic, relevant and contemporary issues which students might actually have an interest in. Isn’t this what we want our students to be doing in the real world? Isn’t this where they can be most useful to humanity, the planet, themselves and their communities?
With such an end point to education, we can free teachers from the arbitrary and artificial constraints of teaching content as discreet silos of information, and move to a system of skill acquisition. We can move from a system where students are forced to student content that does not interest them, to one where they can chose the content that allows them to learn the required skills. So, what might these essential skills for the modern world be? A start that seems logical (to me) is, in no particular order, with no particular form:
- Open creativity (explicitly building on the work of others, output in variety of media inc. writing)
- Close creativity (creating new ideas ourselves, output in variety of media inc. writing)
- Working independently
- Working collaboratively
- Consuming and comprehending media (would include traditional writing comprehension, but could be so much more)
- Using the scientific method
- Taking action
- Creating working solutions
- Working physically (sports, labouring, traditional crafts, cooking)
- EQ/Balance (meditiation, looking inward, yoga)
- Discipline (self and imposed)
Of course, this shift would require a whole new approach to teaching and learning, offering a great chance to excise ideas long past their use by date, and introduce some fresh thinking. One possible way to structure school (suggested by my bus buddy Wayne) would be to have an intense cross-curricular core extended by electives to achieve skill learning while pushing students to pursue their interests. The core could be delivered in the morning in large lectures (with floating teachers for support), with a focus on required content, while the electives would be based on smaller groups with focus on skills and application. Ideally, the core would involve strong discipline in order to get the maximum value out of the minimum time, freeing up as much elective time to allow students to be more expressive and free. Students would study across year groups, breaking down many artificial barriers we have erected.
With this triumvirate of exam reform, skill focus and restructured schools, we could make education far more meaningful and enjoyable for all, without (I believe) ramping up costs. And who doesn’t want that?
I would love to work with teachers from around the world to build this into a working framework for education, raise some capital and who knows, maybe start a school some day. Anyone in?
Some Caveats & Notes
- #edrevolution if you want to build up some Twitter discussions. Comment here too!
- I am a secondary/high school teacher, so much of this might be more relevant to secondary than to primary.
- These ideas are my own, except where noted, but my wife always helps me think, so I owe her credit. I am sure there is plenty of overlap with the writing and thinking of others, so I don’t claim these to be original in the sense of “first written” but they are my own in terms of “not taken directly from x”. Obviously I am constantly influenced by the background noise of the educational world.
- I am indebted to the amazing stream of educational ideas that coming flooding from my Twitter-based PLN, where I hide under the moniker @rossdotparker. In particular @robheinrichs tweet on the words of Parker Palmer “Not teacher centered, not child centered, but learning centered” really go me thinking. Thanks also to @intrepidteacher for encouraging me to post early and build from comments.
- Thanks to slinky2000 on Flickr for the image Bulb vs Hammer.

Topic: Hurricane Katrina
Written by Tony Phillips
Washington, D.C. – If an asteroid big enough to knock modern civilization back to the 18th century appeared out of deep space and buzzed the Earth-Moon system, the near-miss would be instant worldwide headline news.
Two years ago, Earth experienced a close shave just as perilous, but most newspapers didn’t mention it. The “impactor” was an extreme solar storm, the most powerful in as much as 150+ years.
“If it had hit, we would still be picking up the pieces,” says Daniel Baker of the University of Colorado.
Written by Dr. Tony Phillips
Washington, D.C. – Last month (April 8th-11th), scientists, government officials, emergency planners and others converged on Boulder, Colorado, for NOAA’s Space Weather Workshop—an annual gathering to discuss the perils and probabilities of solar storms.
The current solar cycle is weaker than usual, so you might expect a correspondingly low-key meeting. On the contrary, the halls and meeting rooms were abuzz with excitement about an intense solar storm that narrowly missed Earth.
Austin Peay State University Unity Celebration to feature speech by acclaimed journalist Soledad O’Brien March 25th
Clarksville, TN – The award-winning broadcast journalist Soledad O’Brien doesn’t shy away from difficult subjects. Her reporting on Haitian orphanages following a massive earthquake in that country earned her an Emmy, and her work for CNN during Hurricane Katrina brought her and the network a George Foster Peabody Award.
At 7:00pm on March 25th, O’Brien will speak at the Memorial Health Gym (Red Barn) on the Austin Peay State University campus as part of the annual Student Affairs Unity Celebration. O’Brien will deliver a speech titled “Diversity: On TV, Behind the Scenes and In Our Lives.”
Written by Alan Buis
Pasadena, CA – An area of the Amazon rainforest twice the size of California continues to suffer from the effects of a megadrought that began in 2005, finds a new NASA-led study.
These results, together with observed recurrences of droughts every few years and associated damage to the forests in southern and western Amazonia in the past decade, suggest these rainforests may be showing the first signs of potential large-scale degradation due to climate change.
Clarksville, TN – Dr. Antonio Thompson, Austin Peay State University associate professor of history, sat in his office after final exams last December, contemplating the moral implications of killing a zombie.
“If it’s caused by a virus, then theoretically it could be cured,” he said. “So what’s your legal obligation to zombies? Are they humans, monsters, animals?”
His wife, APSU associate professor of biology Dr. Amy Thompson, was more concerned with how the undead came to take over the world.
Clarksville, TN – An Austin Peay State University social work faculty member will explore the role of spirituality in natural disaster relief as the first session of the University’s Provost Lecture Series for 2012-13.
Dr. Tatsushi Hirono, assistant professor of social work, will present “The Role of Religious Leaders in Natural Disaster Relief: A Comparative Analysis Between the Clergy of American Christian Churches and Japanese Buddhist Temples” at 3:00pm, Thursday, September 20th in the Morgan University Center, Room 303.
All sessions of the Provost Lecture Series are free and open to the public. «Read the rest of this article»
Nashville media veteran Deanna Lambert joins TDOT Communications Team
Nashville, TN – Tennessee Department of Transportation (TDOT) Commissioner John Schroer has appointed Deanna Lambert as the Community Relations Officer for TDOT’s Region Three area, based in Nashville. Lambert officially started Monday December 12th, 2011.
Lambert takes over the position previously held by B.J. Doughty, who now serves as TDOT’s Director of Community Relations and Communications.
Lambert has more than 10 years experience in television news reporting, anchoring, and producing in major markets, most recently working as a reporter/anchor for WSMV Channel 4 in Nashville. «Read the rest of this article»
Nashville, TN – Maj. Gen. Max Haston, Tennessee’s Adjutant General, announced the creation of a new directorate within the Tennessee National Guard aimed at aiding National Guard families at every level.
“The mission of the Military and Family Readiness Operations directorate is to provide guidance and implement long-lasting solutions to the needs of our Guard members and families,” Haston explained. “Although a number of programs have already been in effect, they are now combined with others and all fall under one umbrella.”
Director of the new department is Col. Patty Jones, of Kingston Springs, Tennessee, veteran of 29 years in the military.
In honor of the U.S. armed forces and in celebration of Women’s History Month, Austin Peay State University will feature a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who penned a book as a letter to her son about his father who was killed overseas.
Dana Canedy, author of the critically acclaimed memoir, “A Journal for Jordan: A Story of Love and Honor,” will be the keynote speaker at 7 p.m., Thursday, March 25 in the Clement Auditorium. The event – sponsored by the Wilbur N. Daniel African American Cultural Center and Student Affairs – is free and open to the public on a first-come, first-served basis.
Following her presentation, Canedy will be available for questions and a book signing. Books are available for purchase in the Ann Ross Bookstore on campus.
“A Journal for Jordan” is the story of her fiancé, the late 1st Sgt. Charles Monroe King, who wrote a 200-page journal for their infant son in case he did not return from the war on Iraq. «Read the rest of this article»
It’s just a few days away from what most people would call the biggest game in Saints history. I am finding myself so excited I can’t sleep. I have to myself admit, I can’t believe it. I seriously CAN NOT believe it. Think about it, how many times have the NEW ORLEANS SAINTS had a legitimate shot to actually win a championship?
No, this isn’t “just a ball game”. It’s much bigger than that. Few things apart from God himself can bring people together like football.
While I want the win as much as anyone, I don’t want to be selfish. There are other people that need and want this more than me. I seriously don’t have time or energy to list them all, but the Saints are carrying the hopes of several thousand people on their shoulders. «Read the rest of this article»
Now playing at the Movies
Showtime information provided by Discover Clarksville.
© 2006-2015 Clarksville, TN Online is owned and operated by residents of Clarksville Tennessee.

Blue Earth couple working hard to save the DQ from Jim Oberstar
November 14, 2008 - Chuck Hunt
A Blue Earth couple is upset with one of Minnesota’s U.S. congressman – Jim Oberstar, (DFL) Duluth. The reason stems from the fact Oberstar is causing the shutdown of the DQ....
No comments posted for this article.
Post a Comment
News, Blogs & Events Web

Established by the Lebanese Maronite Order in 1984, Saint Charbel’s College, Punchbowl, was founded according to the mission of the Lebanese Order of Monks. The charism of the Monks continues to inspire a strong commitment to providing outstanding education to young Australian Lebanese children as well as servicing the wider community. The College Motto, ‘To Him be Glory’ is lived out as we strive to be give glory to God, to proclaim and commit ourselves to Jesus Christ who stands at the centre of our community.
Our students have many opportunities to explore and express their Maronite faith through liturgies and prayer time and by putting their faith into action. St Charbel’s College fosters a love of learning and the Gospel values of justice, peace, love, compassion, acceptance, generosity and service.
Saint Charbel’s College promotes a safe school environment that values behaviours and attitudes of care, compassion and harmonious relationships. As educators, we believe in developing the emotional (heart), spiritual (soul), academic (mind), physical (strength) and social (neighbour) attributes of every child in order to fulfil our mission. We understand that parents are entrusting into our care their most precious possessions- their children. Every child is precious and known to us as individuals. We encourage our parents to know, understand and share in the education of their children by providing a variety of formal and informal opportunities for parental involvement in the College, including being active in the Parents and Friends Association.
At Saint Charbel’s College, we aim to be at the forefront of providing the very best education for our students. Our school is recognised for a broad and relevant curriculum which caters for individual learners and equips them to become resilient and independent life long learners who will have the capacity to change, adapt and contribute greatly in an ever changing world. The curriculum is supported by innovative approaches to teaching and learning from experienced, successful and dedicated teachers and support staff who work with 21st Century resources in state of the art facilities.
I trust that you will be guided in the decision you make about your child's schooling, through the intercession of St Charbel.
Rev Fr. Joseph Sleiman
Superior of Saint Charbel’s Monastery, Church and School

What about your new friends? Do you spend time together? Or are you new friendships in danger of becoming nothing more than a memory?
May 15 – 20 is Old Friends, New Friends Week. It’s a time to rebuild relationships, strengthen friendships and make sure you’re not neglecting the important people in your life.

I don't feel so bad about railroading a dead 2005 thread with coffee beer stuff, but I had what I consider the best coffee beer ever just a few days ago.
It was the Espresso Oak Aged Yeti Imperial Stout. I split a bottle of the Yeti Oak Aged Espresso Imperial Stout tonight with a friend. Splitting it was nice, since it was a $15 bottle of brew, but I could have split this bottle four ways and still been satisfied. Drinking half a large 22oz. bottle of that intense, thick, dramatic brew is quite a feat. A 6 ounce glass would have been enough. It was hard to tell where the roasty malt ended and the espresso started. They balanced it well. This beer seemed to have quite a few of my favorite flavors-chocolate, vanilla, coffee, and roasty malt. The oak was also nice to add a bit of a bite.
It is rare that I find a coffee beer (where you can actually taste the coffee) that I like. The Espresso Oak Yeti seems to have a quality coffee taste. Schlafly had a coffee stout that I tasted about two years ago from a growler they brought to the pub. It was also an excellent brew with good coffee taste.
Posted Mon May 11, 2009, 11:53am Subject: Re: Engineered Perfection in Espresso, Professionally Speaking
Um....what's with the beer? can we get back to coffeeeee?? ;) haha! jk I just found this topic...and when I first looked at the picture of the Treuh, I thought it looked nearly identical to the Synesso Cyncra I used to work with at a coffee shop here. And then someone said the website for the Treuh is www.synesso.com. So it is manufactured by Synesso? I remember reading David Schomer's article about the Synesso, too, and its temperature stablility. So then, the Treuh must be even better?
Oh, and when I clicked on that link to the synesso site, it's a page about their newest machine: the Hydra. Did they change the name? I just want to make sure I have this all straight!
Posted Mon May 11, 2009, 12:08pm Subject: Re: Engineered Perfection in Espresso, Professionally Speaking
OH MY GOD! I'm an idiot. I just realized that this post was started back in 2004..... at which time (I just found out, after reading an article about Synesso inc. on their webpage) the company started out with the name "Trueh" but that ended and they chose the name Synesso. HAHA! Wow. Ok, nevermind then - I've already read that article, and already worked with the machine!! hehe. I need to start paying attention to how old these topics are (which I should have noticed from the above reply about the beer and this being a dead 2005 thread) duhh
Symbols: = New Posts since your last visit = No New Posts since last visit = Newest post
Forum Rules: No profanity, illegal acts or personal attacks will be tolerated in these discussion boards. No commercial posting of any nature will be tolerated; only private sales by private individuals, in the "Buy and Sell" forum. No SEO style postings will be tolerated. SEO related posts will result in immediate ban from CoffeeGeek. No cross posting allowed - do not post your topic to more than one forum, nor repost a topic to the same forum. Who Can Read The Forum? Anyone can read posts in these discussion boards. Who Can Post New Topics? Any registered CoffeeGeek member can post new topics. Who Can Post Replies? Any registered CoffeeGeek member can post replies. Can Photos be posted? Anyone can post photos in their new topics or replies. Who can change or delete posts? Any CoffeeGeek member can edit their own posts. Only moderators can delete posts. Probationary Period: If you are a new signup for CoffeeGeek, you cannot promote, endorse, criticise or otherwise post an unsolicited endorsement for any company, product or service in your first five postings.

Sharon mentioned a recent article by philosophy professor John G. Messerly in a science update she produced for SkyWatchTV. In his column, Messerly argues that religion is “the enemy of the future.” Ironically, his worldview isn’t new; it’s as old as human history.
Read the rest at Rise of the Cybergods.
A transhuman future is exactly what Hitler, Himmler, and the National Socialist Party in Germany tried to achieve seventy years ago.
We just confirmed an invitation to address a college class on the topic of Transhumanism. Cool!

Net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2007 were $47,000, a decrease of 86% compared to the same period in 2006.
Net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 were $5.9 million, an increase of 872% compared to the same period in 2006 mainly attributable to the sale of the "Fallout" Intellectual Property.
Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30,207 was 68%, compared to 98% in the third quarter of 2006.
Commenting on the results, Interplay Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Herve Caen said, "This quarter marks an important milestone in the company's difficult turnaround period of the past three years. We are now focused on a two-pronged growth strategy. As we are working to secure funding for the development of a Massively Multiplayer Online Game (MMOG) based on the popular Fallout franchise, we are at the same time exploring ways to leverage our impressive portfolio of gaming properties through sequels and various development and publishing arrangements."
Caen added that the company is reinitiating its in-house game development studio, and has hired veteran game developer, Jason Anderson, as creative director of a yet unannounced Massively Multiplayer Online Game.
Interplay is also planning, if it can obtain financing, to develop sequels to some of the most successful games, including Earthworm Jim, Dark Alliance, Descent and MDK.

Chickenfoot - Greek Theatre - 6/10/12
Sammy Hagar and Michael Anthony apparently don't miss playing in Van Halen. Having toured as The Other Half in 2006, they formed Chickenfoot in 2008 with guitar virtuoso Joe Satriani and Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith.
Though their new outfit doesn't have the brand recognition of their former one, one should recognize she how critical the pair were to Van Halen's commercial success.
In any case, a night after Van Halen played their second show at Staples Center, Chickenfoot performed at the Greek to a much smaller crowd. But...
...that didn't faze them, not on the final night of their month-long tour. To the chagrin of those unfamiliar with the band's material, the quartet didn't perform any of Hagar's solo songs or any signature tunes from his and Anthony's time in Van Halen. But they delivered a crisp, 100-minute set much that was loud, yet tight. The band was clearly relaxed and comfortable on-stage.
Hagar, who is 64 (!), can still rock out; his vocals somehow sound exactly how they did in 1986. On-stage, the Red Rocker remains charismatic, and Chickenfoot feeds off his spontaneity.
Is their music fine art? No, but it doesn't try to be. As Hagar said himself, they're a good old-fashioned rock band who aren't trying to reinvent the genre. They stick to songs that showcase Hagar's vocal range, Joe Satriani's technically proficient solos and Anthony's bone crunching bass lines.
Hagar's one of rock's good guys: He donates all the profits from his Sammy's Beach Bar & Grill restaurant to local charities. He probably doesn't need the money, having sold 80 percent of his Cabo Wabo tequila brand for $80 million in 2007. So that leads one to believe him when she says that he continues making music because he loves doing it.
"People thought we'd do one record, play a few shows and that would be it," the singer explained to the crowd. "But here we are with a gold record and another album we released and are having as much as we've ever had in our careers." He then hugged Anthony.
Was it a dig at Eddie Van Halen, whose are rumored to be at each others' throats recently? Absolutely. But was it true? Quite likely.
Critical Bias: Chickenfoot isn't making cutting edge music nor pretending to, but their fans like what they hear and they're having fun doing it.
The Crowd: A small but dedicated group aging babyboomers who love their pot.
Random Notebook Dump: The face value of my ticket was $59.50. It would have been much funnier if it were $51.50
Get the Music Newsletter
Keep your thumb on the local music scene with music features, additional online music listings and show picks. We'll also send special ticket offers and music promotions available only to our Music Newsletter subscribers.

Get This Rat a Lawyer! A recent target of right wing anger has been Obama administration "czars", a term used to denote appointed presidential advisers not subject to Senate approval. Opponents of "czars" were recently emboldened by the resignation of Anthony "Van" Jones, who served from March 16 to September 5, 2009 as Special Advisor for Green Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation at the White House Council on Environmental Quality. An additional target of the hunt for Obama's czars is Cass Sunstein, a constitutional-law professor at Harvard University, who was confirmed Thursday as the director of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. [more inside]
American Lawbreaking. "This series explores the black spots in American law: areas in which our laws are routinely and regularly broken and where the law enforcement response is … nothing. These are the areas where, for one reason or another, we've decided to tolerate lawbreaking and let a law—duly enacted and still on the books—lay fallow or near dead." The first two entries are prescription drug abuse and internet pornography.
The Law Library of Congress’s Guide to Online Law includes legal information from over a hundred different countries and all fifty states. The Legal Information Institute has guides to 130 different areas of law. The Armed Forces Legal Assistance site is also a great resource for basic legal information, aimed at service members, but often generally helpful, on topics including consumer law, family law and trusts and estates. Your State’s Bar Association may also offer information specific to your jurisdiction.
Law as Art? is a recent article that discusses artwork that deliberately incorporates the law as an intrinsic element of the work itself, including Consideration, Disclaimer, Terms and Conditions, and A Selection of Interesting Secrets from Various Stages in my Life.

|Driver licensing agency
|Idaho Transportation Department
Division of Motor Vehicles, Driver Services
PO Box 7129
Boise, ID 83707
Color vision requirement
|Each eye with/without correction
Both eyes with/without correction
If one eye blindother with/without correction
Absolute visual acuity minimum
Are bioptic telescopes allowed?
Minimum field requirement
20/40 in better eye for unrestricted license; 20/50-20/60 requires annual testing; 20/70 denied license
Yes, if acuity is 20/40 through lens, 20/60 through carrier
Age-based renewal procedures
|Length of license validation
Renewal options and conditions
Vision testing required at time of renewal?
Written test required?
Road test required?
After age 69, no renewal by mail.
Mail-in every other cycle
Only if requested by examiner, law enforcement agency, family member or DMV. An annual road test may be required to coincide with vision or medical re-testing
|Yes (not specified)
A physician may not be sued for submitting required medical information to the department.
Reports received by the Driver’s License Advisory Board for the purpose of assisting the department in determining whether a person is qualified to be licensed may not be used as evidence in any civil or criminal trial.
License suspended upon referral.
Will accept information from family members, other DMVs, and law enforcement officers.
Not anonymous or confidential.
|Role of the MAB
MAB contact information
|The medical information submitted is initially reviewed by employees within the Driver Support Division who work specifically with medical cases. If there is a question whether to issue a license, the information is reviewed by the Driver’s License Advisory Board, which is composed of a small group of representatives and the sheriff.
DLR/Medical Unit Supervisor

SATURDAY, MAY 21, 2011 - 1:00 PM
Please join us to celebrate the dedication of our statue at its
permanent location of East Passyunk Avenue, South 13th St. & Mifflin
in South Philly.
PAST EVENTS / MILESTONES
December 7, 2008
Announcement of the Statue Project - Passyunk Avenue, South Philly
Giardello family, friends, and
project organizers gather at the future site of the statue to
announce the venture on the 45th anniversary of Joey's title win.
February 20, 2009
George Bochetto Fundraiser - Center City, Philadelphia
A star-studded group
gathered at the offices of attorney George Bochetto for the
project's first fund raising event.
Former Philly boxing stars (L to R) Curtis Parker, Jeff Chandler and
Stanley 'Kitten' Hayward were among the guests.
Joey Vento Becomes Top Donor - Geno's Steaks, South Philadelphia
Joey Vento of Geno's
Steaks presents his $20,000 check to Giardello Statue Project
Carl LeVotch (artist) and Carmen Bartolomeo.
April 18, 2009
Veteran Boxers Association Beef & Beer - VBA Clubhouse, Port
Members of the Giardello
family and the project organizers welcomed a large crowd of
the Veteran Boxers Association Clubhouse for a Beef & Beer
fundraiser. Rosalie Tilelli, Joey's wife,
is at the center of the above photo, while two of their sons, Joe
Tilelli & Paul Tilelli, are at right.
LeVotch Begins Sculpting Miniature Version of the Statue - VBA Clubhouse, Port
Artist Carl LeVotch is currently
working on the statue. His process calls for three different sizes
Giardello piece. The first version, shown above, stands
approximately two feet tall - about 1/4 scale of the final work.
August 26, 2009
Private Fund-raising Dinner Held at Nicholas Restaurant in South
An exclusive fundraising dinner
was held in South Philly by a group of project supporters on
August 26th at Nicholas Restaurant. If you would like to host a
similar event, please contact the project.
About thirty friends of the
statue project attended the private affair.
September 3, 2009
Giardello (Tilelli) Family Approves Statue Design
Paul Tilelli, Rosalie Tilelli and
artist Carl LeVotch with the preliminary
two-foot version of the Giardello Statue.
LeVotch shows the Tilelli family
Rosalie gives her feedback on the
LeVotch is creating the work in
an attic studio at the VBA Clubhouse
in the Port Richmond section of Philadelphia.

Debra Dahlmer has never missed a mortgage payment. But her lender, Bank of America, still threatened to foreclose on her. After a saga that has lasted for more than a year and a half, there might finally be light at the end of the tunnel.
If anyone is a poster child for people who should not be facing foreclosure, it's Debra Dahlmer.
Dahlmer, who is retired and legally blind, has never missed a mortgage payment on her home. She lives in Gloucester, Mass., in a modest house with her 80-year-old mother and several small, well-fed dogs.
But Dahlmer says that for a year and a half, her lender — Bank of America — has been losing her documents and dragging out a loan modification she qualified for. And lately, the bank has been threatening to foreclose.
"Are they going to take my house even though I've always made the payments?" she asks.
The nation's largest banks are under investigation in all 50 states. Prosecutors are looking into allegations that banks are improperly foreclosing on thousands of American homeowners. The banks acknowledge some paperwork problems but deny that they are foreclosing on people without justification.
A Tough Two Years
With her long white hair and easy smile, Dahlmer is the quintessential nice lady next-door.
NPR first reported on Dahlmer's case in December. After her husband died, she couldn't afford her mortgage. But she has guaranteed disability income that could cover her payments if she had a lower interest rate. She should qualify for a rate reduction through President Obama's foreclosure-prevention effort, the Home Affordable Modification Program (HAMP).
A Broken Payment Program
Bank of America enrolled Dahlmer in a temporary plan for making reduced payments. And even though she is following the bank's instructions and has never missed a payment, the bank told her it considers her to be delinquent.
The bank told her that's because Dahlmer has been making smaller payments through the government-sponsored foreclosure-prevention program. And Bank of America told her that if she doesn't pay the difference by the end of July, it would start foreclosure proceedings.
Dahlmer says all of this scared her.
"I kind of dread waking up," she says. "I know that sounds awful. But I know my mind's going to start thinking of this and thinking of this."
And she says she doesn't know what she would do if she lost this home that has housed her family for nearly 50 years.
"What would I do? Where would I go? What would I do with my mom?" she says. "It just terrifies me."
When NPR first reported on Dahlmer's situation, Bank of America said it would review Dahlmer's case and that it hoped to resolve it within several weeks.
But three months later, her case still hadn't been resolved.
The bank did enroll Dahlmer in another temporary loan modification. But in what appears to be a mix-up, Bank of America also threatened to foreclose on her house.
The foreclosure letter from the bank is sitting on her coffee table.
"And I'm disabled," she says. "I stay in the house most of the time. ... I had to walk out of here the other day just to clear my head."
The Quest For A Lawyer
Despite the stress, Dahlmer hasn't just spent her time worrying. She searched for a housing advocate or a lawyer who could help her.
That led her to a prominent consumer rights lawyer, Gary Klein, who is suing Bank of America on behalf of homeowners like her.
"There's every reason to believe that there are tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of affected families," he says.
Klein is suing Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, CitiMortgage and others. He says the banks are required to approve a qualified homeowner for a loan modification within three months of an application.
"People are getting the runaround, people aren't getting access to a decision-maker, they're told their documents are lost, and in many cases what they're getting is a decision that makes no sense in light of their personal circumstances," Klein says.
He says he's hearing from people at all stages of the foreclosure process. "People are being foreclosed on when they shouldn't be," he adds.
A Permanent Loan Modification
All of the major banks deny this. Meanwhile, state prosecutors are negotiating a settlement that would change the banks' foreclosure practices. Federal regulators could come out with their own new foreclosure regulations as soon as this week.
And for Dahlmer, there might just be a happy ending: When NPR contacted Bank of America this time around, the bank said it has approved a permanent loan modification for her — and that her new paperwork was sent out over the weekend.
Copyright 2011 National Public Radio. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.

Teaching Opportunities Available Through Internships and Co-op
Michalis 'BIG Mike' Kotzakolios
Defined Tag: Teaching Opportunities.
Students pursuing a B.A. in English should participate in teaching opportunities during their university years. It is vital to understanding the learning atmosphere of your potential students and it gives you experience in effective teaching techniques. The opportunities for teaching internships vary from university to university, but there may be some available in your local area. For instance, returning to an old high school to assist teachers can count as experience for prospective employers. Scoping out local teaching opportunities is first priority then you can maneuver into the global aspect.
Find the perfect internship available for you in your field of interest. You can find information online, in your community, and in libraries. Ask for help by contacting your university’s intern coordinator in the Education department. Also, utilize your network for more success because the more people that knows about your pursuit, the more people that will be available to help you. This should not be taken into account alone so follow through with a plan to find the right teaching opportunity for you.
Co-op teaching opportunities require you to work with an employer full-time for a whole semester. In co-op teaching opportunities, you can determine which semesters you prefer to work and earn credit from your university. This is an exciting way to get experience and compensation to practice the skills you have learned. Prospective employers look into the documented success you have with previous companies before offering interviews or position to work for them; if you plan to be a teacher – teach. Education is not given a theoretical perspective any longer because of the new technologies advancing in our growing society. Students must have experience in order to be competitive in the job market after graduation. Teaching opportunities rests in internships and co-op; the field is limitless.
BIG Mike is a well known author, developer and Adsense expert as well as the owner of Niche Maniacs - a unique Adsense Marketing System designed to build long-term passive income streams from Adsense, Amazon, YPN, Chitika and other PPC services.

Metro Spotlight: Spokane, Washington
Spokane: An Unspoken Success Story of the West
Located on the eastern side of Washington state, 18 miles west of Idaho and 100 miles south of Canada, the Spokane region is home to 1.4 million people in the Inland Northwest. Since 2005, the Spokane region’s labor force has doubled the national average’s pace, adding more than 21,000 jobs since 2002.
Spokane’s workforce is comprised of more than 90% college graduates, and more than 65,000 students study within a 75-mile radius of the city. The education hub of the Inland Northwest, Spokane has the second largest community college district in Washington, and the area boasts 18 higher education institutions in total. More than 60% of residents have attended college and almost 30% hold a bachelor’s degree, while more than 10% hold degrees beyond the post-baccalaureate level.
Spokane’s attractive business climate has drawn some interesting organizations to its region. One in particular is Seattle-based Lighthouse for the Blind, Inc., which plans to open a satellite facility in Spokane this month, and increase its workforce to 40 people within three years.
Within its first year, the Lighthouse hopes to employ five to 10 people who are blind. The U.S. Labor Department reports at least a 70% unemployment rate among the blind. Available positions at the Lighthouse include machinists, production workers, computer instructors, IT specialists, receptionists, and Web programmers, among others. The Lighthouse offers support services such as orientation and mobility training, housing support, and computer training.
Spokane’s Power of Community
Created in 2001, the Spokane Community Empowerment Zone (CEZ) spurs economic development throughout Spokane County by offering tax incentives to qualified businesses engaged in manufacturing, R&D or software development. Businesses must apply for the credits prior to groundbreaking or hiring; locate or expand within the designated geographic area (Spokane’s West Central, East Central, and Hillyard neighborhoods); and/or locate in a county having a designated zone and hire employees who are residents of the zone.
Forty-two companies have taken advantage of the CEZ benefits, saving a combined $8 million in tax incentives. In turn, these companies have invested $94 million into the Spokane region and created 1,210 new jobs in total. Spokane’s CEZ offers:
- A Sales and Use Tax Deferral or Exemption on new equipment and construction costs for new or remodeled buildings used in manufacturing, R&D activities, or computer-related activities.
- A Business and Occupation New Job Tax Credit of $2,000 (for wages and benefits worth $40,000 or less) or $4,000 (for wages and benefits worth more than $40,000) per new job created by manufacturing, R&D, or software development firms.
- A Business and Occupation Business Tax Credit of $3,000 (for up to five years) per new job created by companies providing specific international business services.
Linked By Land, Air, and Wire
Spokane is the Inland Northwest’s main connection point. Interstate 90 is a major commuter and trade route for eastern Spokane County and northern Idaho, with traffic volumes exceeding 100,000 vehicles per day. Spokane Transit Authority’s mass transit system covers 371 square miles, 39 different bus routes, and has 12 park-and-ride lots. Spokane is served by the Union Pacific and Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroads. Direct lines service railways from Seattle to Chicago, serving as a gateway to and from the interior United States.
Spokane International Airport (SIA) is a 4,800-acre commercial service airport served by 10 airlines and four air cargo carriers. This second-largest airport in the state processed 3.2 million passengers and 57,000 U.S. air cargo tons in 2006. Two other local facilities are managed by SIA, which recently completed more than $70 million in upgrades.
Spokane’s telecommunications and digital infrastructure has fiber optics in place throughout its business community, with over 500 route miles of dark and lit fiber deployed throughout the region.

The Phillies -- last place in the NL East with a 45-57 record -- said last week they consider themselves "improvers" rather than buyers or sellers, and with a run at the postseason more than a long shot, they would be best served by trading some of their top talent to improve for 2013 and beyond. And some of their efforts, whether fruitful or not, indicate the Phillies are trying to shed payroll to gain flexibility in that department for the future.
Speculation that the Phillies could trade left-hander Cliff Lee started early Monday, with the Rangers considered the most likely destination. But a source told MLB.com late in the afternoon that the chance of a reunion for Lee and Texas is "less than one percent."
There are reasons for that. Sure, the Rangers have been interested in Lee for weeks, although they preferred Cole Hamels before the lefty signed his six-year, $144 million contract extension last week. Sure, Lee pitched for the Rangers in 2010, so they are familiar with him. Sure, Texas is not one of the teams on Lee's no-trade list, so the Phillies could send him there without his approval.
But one source said the Rangers would want the Phillies to pick up a chunk of the $87.5 million Lee is owed beginning next season. That would be a trade killer, because if the Phillies deal Lee, they would be doing so in part to clear payroll to fill other holes on their roster. It would be counterproductive to trade one of their biggest talents and then pay him to pitch for another team.
Any Lee deal with any team is full of complications and ramifications, so he isn't likely to be traded before the Deadline. A much more likely scenario has the club shipping him elsewhere in the offseason.
But the fact the Phillies are shopping Lee and outfielder Hunter Pence, who could make $14 million as a player eligible for salary arbitration next year, indicates the club wants to clear payroll. The Phillies have $123.5 million committed in salary to Lee ($25 million), Roy Halladay ($20 million), Ryan Howard ($20 million), Hamels ($19.5 million), Chase Utley ($15 million), Jonathan Papelbon ($13 million) and Jimmy Rollins ($11 million) next season. Add Pence to that mix, and it's more than $137 million for eight players.
The Phillies could also clear payroll for this season to fall below the luxury tax threshold by moving right-hander Joe Blanton or outfielders Shane Victorino and Juan Pierre. The three will be free agents after the season, and none is expected back.
That said, the Phillies are not in a total salary-dump mode, so they are not compelled to trade players just to trade them. In other words, they require something of value in return. The Phillies would not get a treasure trove of prospects for Blanton or Pierre, and maybe not even for Victorino. But they want more than warm bodies to fill out their Minor League system.
They want players who can contribute.
The Orioles are heavily interested in Blanton, and a deal could be close. Sources said if the Orioles want the veteran, they can have him. A quality middle reliever could get it done. Several teams have been connected with Victorino, and the Reds appear to be the strongest suitor for Pierre.
Other teams can pop up at the last minute, too. But one thing is certain: The Phillies have multiple ways to improve their roster for 2013. They just have to find the right team willing to give up the right players.
The clock is ticking.
Todd Zolecki is a reporter for MLB.com. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.

Eliot Management Group has been providing top-notch electronic payment processing services to thousands of merchants nationwide. We process billions of dollars in transactions annually and are committed to providing direct, one-on-one support and service through a network of local offices and staff throughout the United States.
At Eliot, we give you many great reasons to do business with us! Eliot provides critical elements of credit card processing. We provide direct local customer care, great rates, and big savings for dynamic credit card processing, and the security and dependability you demand for your electronic payment processing needs.
With multiple layers of sales and service personnel, EMG delivers the most unique and progressive set of products and services available in the market today. If there is one reason that captures why you should be one of the thousands of merchants who depend on Eliot.

Tennessee has become the fourth state to schedule a public vote on a constitutional amendment designed to block homosexuals from marrying.
The Oak Ridge Unitarian Universalist Church and several other community members strongly oppose Tennessee's marriage amendment, and today they made a unique way of showing it.
"We have put up some tape all the way around the church, to declare this church a discrimination-free zone," said Jake Morrill the church's minister.
He says their congregation voted 95 to 1 against the proposed marriage amendment only between a man and a woman.
"In every Tennessee county, there are families headed by same-sex couples, and this constitutional amendment would endanger these families and their children," said Morrill.
"It would take rights away from people versus granting rights to them, which is actually what the constitution is supposed to do."
Anne Gregory-Cole is part of the state-wide campaign, "vote no on one."
"To make a law against that is simply, bottom line, discrimination."
That's why folks here are celebrating the thousand feet of ribbon around this church, the colors carefully picked.
"Purple symbolically represents courage, white symbolically is the sign of marriage, and so, courageous marriage."
Morrill says to publicly display a same-sex relationship takes a lot of courage.
"I have such admiration for those Tennessee families that are living with their rights in peril today."
But people like Gregory-Cole are hoping those rights will be strengthened after November's election.
"I believe in a fair, just and compassionate Tennessee and I believe that this is the Tennessee we will see when we go to the polls."
The First Baptist Church of Knoxville and many other churches nationwide say they believe marriage is defined only between a man and a woman, ordained by God.
But with the country's high divorse rate, Dr. William Shiell says the proposed marriage amendment will not solve everything.

- Radio / TV
- The Word For You
- Focus Today
- Contact Us
Audit: Oregon Unemployed Overpaid By $41 million in 2011
An audit found the state of Oregon overpaid the unemployed $41 million in 2011 in jobless benefits. The state has sent letters to everyone who received too much money telling them to pay it back.
The deputy administrator of unemployment benefits, Dee Anna Hassanpour, told the Salem Statesman Journal the volume of claims from the recession swamped her office.
The audit released by the secretary of state's office Wednesday says people were mainly overpaid for two reasons. Some were paid twice after they applied of extended benefits, and some continued to file for benefits after they found a job.
Hassanpour says the audit has helped the office fix problems in the claims system.

GOVERNMENT ACCESS CHANNELLower Merion Township’s Government Access Channel is found on Comcast Cable Channel 7 and Verizon FiOS Channel 37. Any resident in Lower Merion or Narberth who subscribes to these providers can view LMTV, which has been cablecasting since October 1991. What started out with a simple, scrolling bulletin board now includes live broadcasts and replays of meetings as well as many original programs.
BULLETIN BOARDPart of LMTV’s broadcast day (24 hours) is comprised of bulletin board messages. These messages are submitted by LMT Departments and contain items of importance and/or interest to Township residents. These messages are typed into the system and enhanced with colors and graphics.
LIVE BROADCAST / REBROADCAST OF MEETINGSCurrently LMTV provides live broadcasts of the two primary, monthly committee meetings and the monthly Board of Commissioners meeting. In addition, it is common to broadcast other meetings of “broad public interest,” including special public hearings. Board meetings are generally rebroadcast the following day and each broadcast day until the next scheduled live broadcast.
ORIGINAL PROGRAMSCurrently, LMTV produces 12 original programs:
Each of these programs is produced, written, recorded and edited by the Township's professional staff. Descriptions of these programs can be found in the Programming on LMTV section of this site.
OUTSIDE PROGRAMSLMTV also cablecasts a select number of programs produced elsewhere that are provided to the Township at no cost. These programs cover a broad range of topics such as environmental issues, classical music events, art programs and federal government services. Descriptions of these programs can be found in the Current Program section of this site.
News | Calendar
| Parks & Recreation |
Libraries | FAQs |
Online Surveys | Township Codes |
Commissioners | Jobs
Contact Us | Privacy
Policy | Site Map | Website Developed
by Vision Internet

1 Wednesday, 9th September 1998
2 (Open session)
3 (The accused entered court)
4 --- Upon commencing at 2.10 p.m.
5 JUDGE JORDA: Would you please be seated.
6 Mr. Registrar, would you please have the accused
7 brought in? I would like to see if all the interpreters
8 can hear me. Very good. I hope you've been able to
9 take advantage of this morning as we all have. The
10 Office of the Prosecutor hears me. And the accused
11 hears me, the Defence. I see. Very well.
12 MR. NOBILO: Good afternoon, Your Honour, I
13 hear you well.
14 JUDGE JORDA: I see we're ready to resume.
15 Before we bring in the witness, I don't want to be
16 mistaken about his name. I believe his name is Dusan
17 Bilandzic. Yes.
18 (The witness entered court)
19 WITNESS: Dusan Bilandzic.
20 JUDGE JORDA: Professor, do you hear me?
21 Very well. Please be seated.
22 THE WITNESS: Good afternoon.
23 JUDGE JORDA: Professor, are you ready to
25 THE WITNESS: Yes, thank you.
1 JUDGE JORDA: Very well. Cross-examination
2 has not been completed. Therefore, I give, without
3 further ado, the floor to Mr. Kehoe.
4 Cross-examined by Mr. Kehoe:
5 MR. KEHOE:
6 Q. Thank you. Good afternoon, doctor.
7 A. Good afternoon.
8 Q. Doctor, in your testimony yesterday in
9 response to some questions by my learned colleague,
10 Mr. Nobilo, you noted that every nation, and I
11 apologise, I'm dealing from page 11.288, counsel, line
12 14: "Every nation passes through this phase. It is a
13 phase of nationalism which turns into chauvinism and
14 leads to war. Every nation is to apply another
15 principle in addition to the ethnic principle, at
16 least one, and that is the principle of historic
18 "I have the right, as a leader of a nation,
19 to establish borders along those countries who, at some
20 time in history, say, a thousand years ago, were within
21 the composition of my one-time ruler."
22 Do you recall saying that, sir?
23 A. Yes; that is correct.
24 Q. I think, and correct me if I'm wrong at any
25 point in this series of questions, Doctor, in
1 conjunction with that you highlighted for the Court the
2 studies by the, I believe, 19th Century linguist, and
3 again, if I'm wrong on the "19th Century", please
4 correct me, but the 19th Century linguist Vuk Karadzic,
5 who noted that because people in the Balkans or certain
6 areas of the Balkans, I believe you noted from Salonika
7 to Constantinople, spoke essentially the same language,
8 they were one nation, and when asked what nation he
9 noted that nation was a Serb nation.
10 I think you testified that that, in
11 conjunction with some other factors, fuelled the belief
12 for a Greater Croatia; is that right?
13 A. That is partially correct, but partly, I
14 think, you misunderstood, as you misunderstood the
15 interpretation of the first two principles, that is the
16 ethnic principle, and the historic right to a national
17 state, which I think has been quite totally
18 misinterpreted but I shall explain that.
19 Q. Certainly. Certainly.
20 A. The ethnic principle is -- has been more or
21 less accepted in our civilisation. It was advocated by
22 the American president, President Wilson, and the
23 Russian leader Lenin, the right of nations to
24 self-determination on the basis of their ethnic or
25 national affiliation.
1 As for the principle of rights based on
2 history, the historic right to lands that used to
3 belong to someone in the past, this was never accepted,
4 nor did I interpret that principle as being a correct
5 one, but this was advocated by those who had the idea
6 of creating greater national states outside the ethnic
8 So that is not my position, nor has that been
9 accepted as something generally applicable in modern
10 civilisation. Which doesn't mean to say that wars are
11 not waged in the name of that principle. They have
12 been waged in the past and they are being waged today.
13 As for the second point, our time is limited
14 for me to explain this, but these are shades of meaning
15 in defining the ethnos from the Austrian border to the
16 Black Sea, Salonika and so on. This was a period when
17 the ideology of Panslavism was prevalent, as well as
18 the ideology of Yugoslavism, so that theoreticians
19 for certain political aims and for certain other
20 reasons, added to this the following thesis, that these
21 were still not sufficiently crystallised or
22 sufficiently developed national consciousness, that
23 these were peoples who had still not differentiated
24 among themselves, who are mixed together using the same
25 or a similar language, but advantage of the Serb
1 language was that it could become that pillar which
2 assisted by the political actions of the state, and, of
3 course, by other means, would speed up the process in
4 support of this main nucleus, which, according to
5 Karadzic, and to Tucic (Phoen) was Serbia itself.
6 So there are various shades of meaning to
7 that theory, and because of the limitation of time I
8 had to simplify some of these theoretical premises.
9 Q. I understand, Doctor, but you do reject the
10 thesis of Karadzic, that for instance, Croats, living
11 in the Balkans are all Serbs? You reject that argument
12 of Vuk Karadzic?
13 A. Absolutely, yes.
14 Q. Now, Doctor, during your time as a historian
15 and as a politician, you are familiar, and again we are
16 talking on the discussion, the point you brought out
17 yesterday on a possible interpretation of the break-up
18 of the former Yugoslavia, and during your time as a
19 historian and as a politician, you were familiar with
20 the writings of President Tudjman, and I believe in the
21 article that we have before you, and if it's not it can
22 be placed before the witness, Exhibit 464, you noted in
23 this Nacional article that, "Tudjman never published a
24 single article without letting me read it first."
25 So you were intimately familiar with his
1 ideas; were you not?
2 A. Mr. President, that is not true.
3 MR. NOBILO: I have an objection.
4 JUDGE JORDA: I will give you the floor, but
5 first I would like to know, is this a Prosecution
6 exhibit, the document we saw yesterday?
7 THE REGISTRAR: Yes, it is an exhibit we saw
8 yesterday. 464 is the number.
9 JUDGE JORDA: I see. Mr. Nobilo, you have
10 the floor.
11 MR. NOBILO: The Prosecutor is trying to
12 cross-examine the witness about scholarly and other
13 works by President Tudjman. However, the subject of
14 the examination-in-chief was not the life of President
15 Tudjman but the break-up of Yugoslavia. And President
16 Tudjman, just before the break up of Yugoslavia, took
17 over the lead in Croatia, and in that period he had not
18 written anything. So he was not a relevant factor
19 until he became the leader of Croatia. He was not
20 relevant in the life of the former Yugoslavia.
21 So this is a cross-examination beyond the
22 scope of the examination-in-chief.
23 A. Mr. President, this is a very free journalist
25 JUDGE JORDA: One moment, please. Let's make
1 sure we maintain some order. I'm not sure if I
2 understood the question -- first of all I would like to
3 hear the question put by the Prosecutor on this matter
4 and then I will turn to my colleagues. It seems that
5 the witness wishes to respond to the question, but I
6 have retained the observation you have made,
7 Mr. Nobilo. Now, very quickly, will you please tell me
8 the sense of you question and after that I will consult
9 with my colleagues.
10 MR. KEHOE: The sense of my question and the
11 cross-examination is this, Mr. President: The witness
12 has offered us an explanation for the decline and fall
13 of the former Yugoslavia, laying the fault, in large
14 part, on President Milosevic of Serbia.
15 In part, if you recall the testimony
16 yesterday, one of the five things or five powerful
17 items that the witness testified that Milosevic used,
18 was the nationalistic fervour that Milosevic, for lack
19 after better word, drummed up in Serbia and elsewhere
20 for the Greater Serbia movement.
21 He noted at the outset of his discussions,
22 Mr. President, that this was one possible
23 interpretation. I am attempting to cross-examine this
24 particular witness on a parallel similar, dissecting
25 cause for the decline and fall of the former
1 Yugoslavia. Case in point, we talked yesterday about
2 the meetings in Karadjordjevo where quite clearly this
3 witness in a newspaper article on the 25th of October
5 JUDGE JORDA: Yes. Let me now consult with
6 my colleagues.
7 Thank you, my colleagues. Your objection is
8 overruled, Mr. Nobilo. Mr. Kehoe you may continue with
9 your questioning and the line that you have just
10 clarified. Please go on.
11 MR. KEHOE: Thank you, Mr. President.
12 Q. Doctor, as a historian and as a politician,
13 you are familiar with some of President Tudjman's
14 writings, especially on the national question, are you
16 A. May I make a remark? Regarding the
17 interpretations of history. The historical sciences
18 take the position that it is not possible to give a
19 definitive interpretation of history. Hundreds of
20 monographs have been devoted to Napoleon, for instance,
21 and each author pretends to be correct. I have spoken
22 to students and saying I wish we had ten different
23 textbooks, historical textbooks about the history of
24 the Croatian people or any other people, because it is
25 never possible to say that only one interpretation is
2 A British historian, whose name I cannot
3 recall, has written a book entitled "The History of the
4 Habsburg Monarchy." I have read it and I could write
5 an anti-history.
6 Therefore, in history as a science, there is
7 no final definitive truth. History is always open to
8 various interpretations, and that is my position as a
9 scholar, and that is why I said that this is one
10 possible interpretation, and that others will follow.
11 Q. Doctor, I --
12 A. I can understand you because you are not a
13 historian and you need not know that history opens
14 up --
15 JUDGE JORDA: Mr. Professor, it's a legal
16 discussion, this is not a historic conference. I
17 understand you have a great number of things to say,
18 but we need to cut back to the subject at hand. The
19 Prosecutor has put a question to you, I'll ask that the
20 Prosecutor put a question to you and you respond to
21 that question. I understand what you mean by
22 historical interpretations, but I would like for
23 Mr. Kehoe to put his question briefly to you, and that
24 he do so immediately, and then that he receive a
25 response from you.
1 MR. KEHOE:
2 Q. Doctor, I appreciate that the British
3 historians that wrote the history of the Habsburgs,
4 being it Crankshaw, be it McQuiggan or be it
5 Wheatcroft, which I believe are all British?
6 JUDGE JORDA: Do not go back to the old
7 British monarchy issue, please. Ask your question with
8 regards to the issue at hand, otherwise we will never
9 be able to get out of the issue about a historical
10 conference. Please ask your question with regards to
11 the article Nacional, thank you.
12 MR. KEHOE:
13 Q. None of those first historians became the
14 President of the Republic Croatia, did they?
15 A. I don't understand the meaning of that
17 JUDGE JORDA: Mr. Kehoe, please ask the
18 question that you now wish to ask. The British
19 monarchy is not really our favourite question, but of
20 course, if you're interested in that subject please go
22 MR. KEHOE:
23 Q. President Tudjman wrote a book called
24 "Nationalism in Contemporary Europe". You're familiar
25 with that book, are you not?
1 A. I have not held that book in my hands. I did
2 read the book the war against war, and the book on the
3 creation of socialist Yugoslavia, and occupation during
4 the second world war, because it is not correct, I have
5 to caution you. As a rule, do I not authorise
6 interviews that I give to the press. I leave that up
7 to the consciousness of the journalists -- the
8 conscience of the journalists. And journalists, as you
9 know, that is their profession, tend sometimes to
10 exaggerate things, to overemphasise, to leave out other
11 things, so it is not true that I have read everything
12 that Tudjman has written, or rather, that he didn't
13 publish anything before I read it that is a complete
14 invention. I repeat, I do not authorise my interviews,
15 and all the journalists in Zagreb know this.
16 Q. Can we put Exhibit 16 back on the ELMO,
17 please? For counsel's ease of purposes for the next
18 line of questions, we'll be talking about Exhibit 19.
19 Exhibit 19, for Your Honours' clarification,
20 is Franjo Tudjman's book, "Nationalism in Contemporary
22 Now, Doctor, I will read you a portion of
23 this, beginning on the top of page 113. And in this
24 discussion, Doctor, the author, Dr. Franjo Tudjman is
25 discussing the decision to unite Vojvodina with Serbia,
1 and he notes, after analysing some factors:
2 "According to the same yardstick,
3 Bosnia-Herzegovina should have been made part of the
4 Croatian Federal Unit. Bosnia-Herzegovina were
5 historically linked with Croatia, and together they
6 comprise an indivisible geographic and economic
7 entity. Bosnia-Herzegovina occupy the central part of
8 this whole separating southern Dalmatian from northern
9 Panonian Croatia.
10 The creation after separate
11 Bosnia-Herzegovina makes the territorial and geographic
12 position of Croatia extremely unnatural in the economic
13 sense, and, therefore, in the broadest national
14 political sense very unfavourable for life and
16 Now, we turn to the map that's before you.
17 "These factors largely explain why the 1939
18 agreement between Belgrade and Zagreb included the
19 following areas of Bosnia into the banovina of
20 Croatia. The whole of western Herzegovina and Mostar,
21 and those of Bosnia districts where the Croats have a
22 clear majority, Bugojno.
23 THE INTERPRETER: Please slow down.
24 MR. KEHOE: I'm sorry.
25 Q. Bugonjno, Fojnica, Travnik, Derventa,
1 Karadzic and Brcko.
2 On the next page and I will not read the
3 entire page, but starting from the first full
4 paragraph, counsel.
5 "An objective examination of the numerical
6 composition of the population of Bosnia and Herzegovina
7 cannot ignore that the majority of the Muslims in its
8 ethnic character and speech" -- excuse me, "the
9 majority of Muslims is, in its ethnic character and
10 speech, incontrovertibly of Croatian origin. Despite
11 religious and cultural distinctions created by history,
12 the vast majority of the Muslims declared themselves
13 Croats whenever an opportunity arose."
14 And we move, counsel, for the sake of
15 reading, to the bottom of the page, the last two
16 sentences. I'm sorry.
17 MR. HAYMAN: If the witness could be provided
18 with -- counsel is reading from Exhibit 18. But what
19 has been provided to him is a map of the Vance-Owen
20 Plan, which is Exhibit. So the witness doesn't have
22 MR. KEHOE:
23 Q. That's right.
24 The last two sentences --
25 JUDGE JORDA: When and the judges have
1 nothing at all. Nor do the interpreters, so although
2 you have read slowly, what is on the ELMO at the
4 MR. KEHOE: That is a map of the bonavina.
5 JUDGE JORDA: I see we have the map before
6 us. As for the rest of the objection from
7 Mr. Hayman --
8 MR. HAYMAN: Counsel meant to put this book
9 passage before the witness, I think. What was provided
10 to him is a map of the Vance-Owen Plan, which is
11 Exhibit 19, so the witness isn't able to follow the
12 quotations that counsel is reading. I simply ask that
13 Exhibit 18, which is the book except, be provided to
14 the witness so that he can have the benefit of being
15 able to see the printed text, although it is not in his
16 native language.
17 MR. KEHOE: What I can do, Mr. President, is
18 do that, read it slowly as it's being interpreted. The
19 matter on the ELMO is the bonavina plan, it is not a
20 map of anything else other than the bonavina plan and
21 that's what's being discussed in this article by
22 President Tudjman. So I have two sentences left to
23 read, Mr. President, and we will move on.
24 JUDGE JORDA: Please go on then, but please
25 read slowly so that the witness can follow. And the
1 contents of the passage of President Tudjman. I'm
2 sorry, one moment.
3 Professor, would you like for us to have this
4 passage reread slowly in your language so that you
5 understand fully the question which will be placed to
6 you there after? Would you like for us to have this
7 reread? I'm referring to the passage from
8 Mr. Tudjman's book.
9 A. Mr. President, it's not necessary.
10 JUDGE JORDA: Very well. Thank you much.
11 MR. KEHOE: My learned colleague was
12 correct. This is Exhibit 18, my personal records were
13 incorrect. I apologise in that regard.
14 Q. The final sentence I will read to you, and I
15 will not read any further, and after citing various
16 facts, Dr. Tudjman writes that on the basis of these
17 facts, we arrive at the conclusion that a majority of
18 the population of Bosnia and Herzegovina is Croatian.
19 Now, Doctor, did President Tudjman ever tell
20 you that?
21 A. No. But if you would like to hear my
22 interpretation of the quotation from President
23 Tudjman's book, I must tell you, unfortunately, that I
24 have not read that text, and even if I had read it, it
25 would require a certain amount of time to prepare for a
1 scientific analysis of this text which cannot be made
2 ad hoc, because such text require such an approach.
3 And secondly, in historiography in
4 Yugoslavia, both in Serb history and Croatian
5 history, there is the thesis that the Muslims are a
6 Slav people who, at a certain point in time, converted
7 to Islam. According to the Serb version, these were
8 Serbs who converted to Islam, and a certain section of
9 Croatian authors, in fact it was the dominant theory in
10 the 19th Century that they were Croats.
11 So this is a generally known fact in
12 history. This is nothing new. But I wouldn't like to
13 elaborate on this issue, because in that case we would
14 have to apply the standards of historical science.
15 Q. Well, Doctor, when you went to Tikves in
16 April of 1991, you knew that President Tudjman's
17 position --
18 MR. NOBILO: Mr. President, I apologise to my
19 learned colleague, but we had an objection yesterday,
20 and the court sustained it, that questions related to
21 Tikves and Karadjordjevo have been covered repeatedly
22 and been dealt with. So we're going back to what the
23 court ruled out yesterday.
24 MR. KEHOE: Mr. President, there are, with
25 all due respect, there are numerous questions -- not
1 numerous, but several very important issues concerning
2 this very important secret meeting in Karadjordjevo
3 that need to be asked of this witness. Keeping in mind
4 that this is not a historian who simply wrote or
5 thought about this issue, this is a historian who was
6 sent to a meeting by President Tudjman to discuss
7 secretly with other Serbs issues concerning the
8 division of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
9 THE WITNESS: Mr. President --
10 JUDGE JORDA: The Chamber has the following
11 opinion: First of all, the rule with regard to the
12 cross-examination. That rule has been established to
13 ensure the proper conduct of these proceedings.
14 At the same time, you must show some
15 flexibility at times because this is not a mechanical
16 rule; rather it is a rule of common sense and left to
17 the discretion of the judges. That is the second
19 The third observation in this same are, Mr.
20 Nobilio, is that the judges and this Chamber feels that
21 it is their duty, when it is necessary, to request as
22 the rules of procedure allows them to do so, that we go
23 to the very depth of any particular issue, so that we
24 can exhaust any aspect of any particular question.
25 This thing the judges feel that the issue of
1 Karavo Istasin (Phoen), even though you do not see the
2 importance that should be attached to this.
3 Nonetheless, on this particular principle alone we
4 determine that Mr. Kehoe will be permitted to ask
5 questions about this place of meeting.
6 It is the judges who solemnly believe that we
7 must, whenever possible, ascertain the truth and
8 therefore we will allow the question to be put to the
9 professor on this issue.
10 Therefore, Mr. Kehoe, you may proceed with
11 your question.
12 MR. KEHOE: Thank you, Mr. President.
13 Q. Doctor, you knew in 1991 --
14 JUDGE JORDA: Pardon, on this issue, perhaps
15 I might conclude by stating and reassuring the Defence
16 that you do indeed have the right for a rejoinder
17 following this cross-examination.
18 Please go on, Mr. Kehoe.
19 MR. KEHOE:
20 Q. Doctor, you knew in 1991 that in Croatia,
21 there was a group of politicians that advocated the
22 division of Bosnia-Herzegovina and that part of
23 Bosnia-Herzegovina would be incorporated into the
24 Republic of Croatia; isn't that correct?
25 A. That is an assumption which you are taking as
1 being absolutely correct. Croatian policy, at that
2 time, held very firmly, adhered firmly to one stand and
3 that is that the borders of the republics of the former
4 Yugoslavia according to the constitution are state
5 borders and Croatia does not accept any change in the
6 borders. As far as other matters are concerned, as a
7 confrontation was expected, there could have been some
8 steps taken about which I have absolutely no proof
9 either written or oral and what I said I remain
10 adamant. I think that I elaborated it yesterday and I
11 really have nothing to add to this subject.
12 Q. Doctor, you gave an interview to the -- on
13 the tape that we heard, dispatches where you said the
14 truth about the Karadjordjevo meeting was never
15 officially published. They were secret talks, but the
16 impression was given to the media and that the talks
17 were only about the disputes between Croatia and
18 Serbia, nothing else. Did you not say that on the
19 tape, Doctor?
20 A. I don't know if they were secret and they
21 were secret, not only those, but the practice was
22 introduced after the regime was changed in Yugoslavia
23 that all, practically all the meetings, I think all
24 meetings, in fact, were secret meetings. So if they're
25 secret, then I don't know what they could have
1 discussed there because I have no documents on the
3 Q. Doctor, if you want, I will run the tape back
4 for you because it's very brief. But did you say in an
5 interview on camera that we reviewed yesterday that
6 these were secret talks and that the truth about those
7 meetings had not been revealed?
8 JUDGE JORDA: Hold on a minute. If you wish
9 to have the tape played, then, please, we can have it
10 played and that will be very short and very simple.
11 Judge Riad would also like to have this tape replayed.
12 I don't know about Judge Shahabuddeen, but we can do
13 so. The judges do wish for this to be done. So let us
14 play this tape once again and that way the professor
15 will be able to hear his on words and be able to say
16 whether or not he stands by them. Mr. Nobilo.
17 MR. NOBILO: Mr. President, there seems to be
18 a misunderstanding. The professor has confirmed that
19 they were secret and that he has no information about
20 that. He keeps repeating that. Despite that fact, my
21 learned colleague is raising new questions as to what
22 happened there. What is there on the tape is what he
23 says to stay there. It was a secret meeting and I have
24 no information on those talks.
25 JUDGE JORDA: This is a fundamental
1 difference this time because this time it is the judges
2 that are requesting that the tape be replayed.
3 MR. KEHOE: Gentlemen in the video booth,
4 it's the first clip.
5 (Videotape played)
6 JUDGE JORDA: All right, Mr. Kehoe, please be
7 very direct, very concise with the very concrete
8 question you wish to put in the course of your
9 cross-examination of this witness.
10 MR. KEHOE:
11 Q. Doctor, I go back to my initial question.
12 These were secret talks between the Serbs and the
13 Croats, weren't they?
14 A. Every man on the street will tell you that if
15 the mass media did not publish a communiqué and
16 documents from some talks, every citizen will tell you
17 if you ask him what the talks were and what kind of
18 talks they were. They will say they were secret talks
19 because they were not publicly disclosed, so they
20 cannot be classified or qualified in any other way.
21 You can't qualify a meeting, you have to say that it
22 was a secret meeting. I see no other logical
23 explanation. That is quite logical.
24 Q. Both the Serb government and the Croatian
25 government misled the media on the purpose of those
1 meetings in Karadjordjevo, didn't they?
2 A. As far I remember, neither the Croatian nor
3 the Serbian government, they didn't explain anything to
4 the mass media, I don't know where that source comes
5 from, that they published anything. I don't remember
6 the source. I have no source in my possession that any
7 explanation was given of that meeting.
8 Q. But President Tudjman, Doctor, told you about
9 the secret, didn't he? He told you that he had made a
10 deal with Milosevic about the division of Bosnia,
11 didn't he?
12 A. Not quite in that way. You asked me whether
13 those two governments, the Serbian and the Croatian
14 explained to the public. That was the question about
15 the meeting. And I said that I don't know, I didn't
16 know. Tudjman didn't tell me that he had decided on --
17 but that he wanted to see the relationships between
18 those two states. And I repeat what I have already
19 said five times. The expert group had an academic
20 discussion over the question of whether to recognise
21 the borders of the existing republics and then left
22 because the Serbian delegation, they parted then,
23 because the Serbian delegation considered that these
24 were not state borders and we considered that they were
25 state borders and that is all that I have to say about
1 the meeting.
2 Q. I turn your attention, again, Doctor, Exhibit
3 464, the newspaper article that we discussed yesterday,
4 because I think that I need to clarify some points from
5 the statement that you just made. Is that article
6 before the witness? If we can turn again to the second
7 page in the lower left-hand column, Doctor. Do you need
8 your glasses, Doctor? We can wait. Please. Just a
10 Mr. President, the witness needs his
12 THE WITNESS: I can see well enough. Thank
14 MR. KEHOE: Are you sure, sir?
15 JUDGE JORDA: Take your time Professor.
16 MR. KEHOE: I agree with my colleague, it's
17 difficult to read. If we want to take a moment to wait
18 for his glasses, it might be a little more expeditious
19 all the way around.
20 JUDGE JORDA: It's one's fundamental rights
21 to be able to read with one's glasses, Professor. Take
22 your time. Take your time, Professor.
23 THE WITNESS: Okay.
24 MR. KEHOE: I think we're ready to proceed,
25 Mr. President, the witness has his spectacles.
1 JUDGE JORDA: You may now ask the witness
2 whether or not he has taken the time to read. Have you
3 done so, Professor? Are you ready to respond to the
4 question? Have you read the document?
5 THE WITNESS: Yes, but I don't understand the
6 substance of the question. I can just tell you what I
7 said yesterday.
8 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, I am in the same position
9 as you, Professor, I would like for the question to be
10 repeated. Mr. Kehoe, please be very clear in your
12 THE WITNESS: The questions are quite unclear
13 to me.
14 JUDGE JORDA: That's another issue.
15 Mr. Kehoe, please, from the reading that has
16 been done by the witness of this excerpt from this
17 newspaper, would you please specify or clarify for
18 these judges, which part of the interview you're
19 targeting because I am not clear on that. What section
20 are you referring to?
21 MR. KEHOE: Page 4, I believe. I believe on
22 your copy, it's the middle of page 3, Your Honour.
23 JUDGE JORDA: I have the English version here
24 before me.
25 MR. KEHOE: Yes, unfortunately, we only have
1 the English at this point.
2 JUDGE JORDA: That's not the issue. All
3 right. Professor, we are on page 3.
4 Mr. Kehoe, ask your question very clearly.
5 MR. KEHOE: If I might have one point of
6 clarification on that. This is at page 3 on the
7 English translation. However, the doctor has before
8 him a two-page article in BCS and for him it's on page
10 JUDGE JORDA: Now we understand one another,
11 please ask you question.
12 MR. KEHOE:
13 Q. Doctor, you noted in an answer to a question
14 several moments ago that you did not know what happened
15 at these secret meetings in Karadjordjevo --
16 A. That's right.
17 Q. But you stated in this article in Nacional
18 what Tudjman told you. And you noted -- you can read
19 along with me -- at the beginning of 1991, following
20 his negotiations with Milosevic, it was agreed that two
21 commissions should meet and discuss a division of
22 Bosnia-Herzegovina. Tudjman then told us that he had
23 made an agreement with Milosevic in principle and that
24 we would have to work on the maps to work out the
25 practical details. Did Tudjman tell you that?
1 A. As far as the Nacional is concerned I said
2 yesterday that in the next issue of the Nacional that I
3 denied part of the interpretations which I gave. That
4 is the first point.
5 Second, the journalists, some journalists
6 tend to be very free when they make -- they give their
7 titles. So, for example, in this Nacional, it states
8 that I elaborated on a map on the division of Bosnia.
9 That is of quite -- a very free interpretation,
10 formulation by the journalist. A free formulation of
11 the headlines to make the paper attractive to readers.
12 But there is no document on that and I must say that
13 Tudjman only spoke about the fact that on the basis of
14 agreements of principle we should look into the
15 possibilities. And we were to understand that we
16 should just question the opposite side in the sense of
17 their political goals for the forthcoming war. So
18 Tudjman did not tell me that he had decided upon the
19 division of Bosnia, but that he was looking into --
20 that he was asking the opposite side about their
21 political goals. I said that yesterday, I repeat that
22 here today and I think that state policy was different,
23 which is borne out by the fact that the policies were
24 realised, were implemented.
25 Q. Doctor, is your testimony that Tudjman did
1 not tell you that he had agreed with Milosevic in
2 principle on the division of Bosnia; is that your
4 A. That there should be negotiations with the
5 opposite side as to how to treat Bosnia-Herzegovina.
6 But a direct division of Bosnia in the sense that we
7 have agreed to divide Bosnia along this line, that was
8 absolutely never present in my talks with Tudjman.
9 Q. Let's go down two paragraphs in that article,
10 in the article that's before you, 264. In the article,
11 the paragraph that begins, "I warned Tudjman"... Do
12 you see that, Doctor?
13 A. Yes, I do.
14 Q. "I warned Tudjman that there were three major
15 obstacles to the division of Bosnia-Herzegovina and
16 that only one obstacle was enough for their agreement
17 to fall through. First of all, the problem of deciding
18 on Croatian and Serbian areas. Second, the problem of
19 what the Muslims would say to everything." Tudjman
20 replied that they would have nothing to say if Croats
21 and Serbs agreed. I pointed out the third problem,
22 which was not as serious as the first two, but still
23 remained a problem. What will the International
24 Community say to the agreement? Tudjman replied that
25 the world would accept any agreement coming out of the
2 Doctor, did you have that discussion with
3 then President Tudjman?
4 A. Let me explain it to you. I said yesterday
5 that I, together with a group of journalists in the
6 Nacional, drank whiskey and discussed the topic. And
7 on that occasion I explained these three obstacles as
8 my own personal explanation, interpretation of that
9 historical moment. And they gave this as if I had said
10 it to President Tudjman. I spoke to the journalist as
11 my vision and it was incorrectly quoted there. So I am
12 the author of those theses, which I presented to the
13 journalist as being my own thesis. I did not say that
14 they were Tudjman's. They were my own; whereas they
15 interpreted them as if I had told them that this was
16 something that Tudjman had said -- as I had said to
18 Q. You noted that you had filed a retraction on
19 this article in the first of November 1996 edition of
20 Nacional; is that right?
21 A. Two or three issues later, because the
22 Nacional did not wish to publish my criticism. And
23 what it did publish it once again left out a large
24 portion of my answer. So that I had some polemics with
25 the Nacional. When they received my reply, they
1 promised to publish it in its entirety, but they failed
2 to do so.
3 Therefore, I consider that this discussion
4 about newspaper articles is something that I, myself,
5 could not stand behind because very often they are
6 talks which one has with journalists and sometimes they
7 have the aim, even for me personally, of placing
8 something for the public for different reasons. And I
9 don't like to speak about these things as a scientific
10 worker myself.
11 Q. The retraction does not retract the
12 conversations that you had with Tudjman, does it?
13 A. I said, before your question, I said that
14 part of the answer, my answer was not published. Part
15 of my retraction was not published by the Nacional.
16 They did not want to publish this and I said that
17 before you asked your question.
18 Q. Now, sir, there are several photographs in
19 that article of you, as well, are there not?
20 A. I see two photographs of me here, nothing
22 Q. Were those photographs taken in a barroom?
23 A. I can't remember. If I were to remember all
24 these details, if one was to remember all the details
25 of one's life, I don't know. It's impossible to know.
1 I don't know where they got the photographs from.
2 Perhaps they were taken at the editorial office.
3 Perhaps they took it from one of their files, their
5 Q. Well, the fact was that a Nacional reporter
6 came and took those photographs of you for this
7 article, didn't he?
8 A. I repeat, I have already answered that
9 question. I don't know whether they took the
10 photographs then. It's impossible to recall all these
11 details in life because had I been able to recall all
12 these details, I would not be a scientific worker, I
13 would be something else. Perhaps they took their
14 documents then, but I don't know.
15 Q. You do not recall, Doctor, that the Nacional
16 photographer came and took these photographs of you; is
17 that your testimony?
18 MR. NOBILO: Mr. President --
19 JUDGE JORDA: Wait a moment please. Don't
20 forget, I also have this. I need to maintain order in
21 these proceedings.
22 Mr. Nobilo, you have an objection. Please
23 make your objection first and then I will say what I
24 have to say about that matter. Please make your
1 MR. NOBILO: Mr. President, whether the
2 photographs were taken then or were taken from the
3 files, this question has been answered by the witness.
4 So the Prosecutor is repeating the same question and is
5 getting the same answer.
6 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, please, I think you're
7 saying, if I understand correctly, you're saying that
8 you want us to respond in the place of the witness. If
9 I understood that's your objection, then that's okay,
10 that's sustained.
11 Now, Mr. Kehoe, you've asked questions, the
12 answer was given to you by the witness. The witness
13 says he does not remember. That's fine. That's how it
14 is. We're going to end on the issue of the Nacional
15 newspaper. I believe he stated that there was a
16 retraction, if I understand correctly. You stated that
17 there was a retraction. Then, after that, it did not
18 go as you wanted it to. The problem is not that issue
20 But Mr. Kehoe, do you have any further
21 questions you wish to put to the witness? Then I must
22 remind the witness that when he responds to questions,
23 he must respond facing the judges. It is not a
24 dialogue between you and the prosecution.
25 So, Mr. Kehoe, have you ended with this
1 cross-examination dealing with the issue of what
2 Mr. Tudjman stated and the interview regarding the
3 Nacional newspaper? Please, go on, tell us how many
4 more questions you have?
5 MR. KEHOE: On this particular question, I am
6 going to ask the witness to read the retraction,
7 because I think it's important, given the context of
8 this interview --
9 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, very well.
10 Mr. Nobilo, the retraction is part of the
11 cross-examination. Do you have an objection on this
13 MR. NOBILO: Yes, Mr. President, because the
14 witness said that the retraction was published, but
15 that an important portion of his retraction was left
16 out by the newspaper and it didn't publish it. So I
17 consider the question answered.
18 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, I understand. But your
19 objection is not sustained. But the Prosecution I
20 understand wanted to ask a question regarding the
21 retraction and indeed that retraction is part of the
22 interview, so what is your question?
23 MR. KEHOE: The question is Mr. President,
24 Your Honours, I would like to show this retraction to
25 the doctor and ask him to identify it as the copy of
1 the retraction that appeared in the 6th of November,
2 1996, edition of Nacional. I just got this this
3 morning, given yesterday's testimony. I do not have a
4 copy in either English or in French. I will ask the
5 witness to read it into the record. I have provided
6 copies of this retraction to the three respective
7 booths. I believe everybody has it to assist it in
8 their interpretation in English and in French.
9 MR. NOBILO: Mr. President, I believe that it
10 is not proper for the witness to read the newspaper
11 here now. It is not something that is customary in
12 this court.
13 The Prosecutor's office may read it and then
14 the witness can confirm what is being read.
15 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, but perhaps the witness
16 may agree to read. So we can go faster. Professor, do
17 you agree to read this document so that we can
18 interpret it?
19 Professor, I'm addressing you directly.
20 Professor, do you agree to read this retraction in your
22 A. Yes.
23 JUDGE JORDA: Very well. Now, each judge has
24 the Serbo-Croatian version. Do the interpreters also
25 have their copies of the retraction?
1 THE INTERPRETER: Yes, yes, yes.
2 JUDGE JORDA: Yes. I see that they're saying
4 So I see that since the Professor agrees to
5 read it -- Professor, please go on and read this
6 article. It's not very long, and deals with your
7 incomplete, as you have stated, retraction, but it is
8 the retraction that you submitted and the one that is
9 being presented to you by the Office of the
10 Prosecutor. We are listening to you. Go ahead.
11 A. My interview published in issue number 49 of
12 the Nacional was not authorised, and in view of the
13 trust that I have in journalist Mladen Plaset, I did
14 not expect him to take such freedom in interpreting,
15 literatise, licentia poetica my words. However, this
16 has not substantially distorted what I said.
17 The problem occurred after the interview was
18 published, when talking over a drink, in addition to
19 the two of us there were several other journalists with
20 whom I conversed about various events.
21 In the course of that conversation, I spoke
22 about the year 1991, about the dramatic preparations
23 for a military push, about Bosnia and Herzegovina
24 within the framework of the overall Yugoslav crisis and
25 Serbia's attitude towards that republic.
1 In conversations of this kind, one
2 spontaneously mixes reminiscences with present-day
3 views of things, so that an interpretation emerged with
4 is not authentic and some points in it are not even
5 truthful. This applies, in particular, to Generals
6 Trgo and Kukoc. Namely, prior to the military
7 intervention in Slovenia, I travelled from Zagreb to
8 Belgrade two or three times and talked to several
9 people. The Federal Prime Minister Anto Markovic, the
10 Foreign Minister Budimir Loncar, the previous Prime
11 Minister of the Federal Government Branko Vikolic, the
12 Serbian writer Dobrica Cofic, men in the Central
13 Committee of the Legal Communists of Yugoslavia, as
14 well as several retired generals, among whom were these
15 two above named.
16 From all these conversations, as well as all
17 the rumours going around Belgrade, one could conclude
18 that the military would not watch quietly and
19 indifferently the dramatic debates in the presidency of
20 the Socialist Federal Republic at the time, but that
21 they were preparing for a military intervention.
22 Therefore, Generals Trgo and Kukoc were not
23 my source of information, but I learnt from the
24 information from the talks I had with these people.
25 Unfortunately, in the shortened version of the
1 interview, the names of several other senior officers
2 of the JNA were left out, so that only the names of
3 Trgo and Kucic remained, as if they had announced the
4 intervention, which is quite incorrect.
5 The same can be said about the division of
6 Bosnia-Herzegovina. Namely, in that story, there was
7 an intermingling of information and my subsequent
8 experiences and present-day views in connection with
9 those events. I claim categorically that mostly the
10 Avnoj borders were discussed, the borders between the
11 former republics of Yugoslavia, where as a result of a
12 fierce argument broke out in which I defended those
13 borders while the Serbs attacked them as the work of
14 two Croats, that is Tito and Subasic, who were Prime
15 Ministers of two parallel Yugoslavia governments, Tito
16 of the Partisan Government and Subasic of the Royal
18 Of course, the Serbs those added to those
19 the names the names of Kardelj, and the pre-war
20 Comintern policy of breaking up of Yugoslavia, all of
21 which was intended to serve as the basis of their main
22 thesis that those borders cannot be accepted.
23 That was how this conversation turned into a
24 kind of round-table, rather like the round-table
25 discussions that historians have.
1 I claim categorically that I did not see maps
2 on the division of Bosnia-Herzegovina. For me as a
3 historian, and a chronicler of the time in which we
4 live, it was a challenge to participate in those
5 debates which gave me an opportunity to link the
6 present with history, and that was the main thing. The
7 time will come when this issue will re-emerge and then
8 historiographic elaboration of a problem will be made.
9 This is all.
10 May I add to this that what is written here
11 is what I said. First, that we were discussing things
12 over a drink; secondly, that there was an intermingling
13 of current reports with my own reflections and
14 thoughts; so that an interview was produced from which
15 it is not possible to draw the conclusion that a
16 division had been ordered or agreed, et cetera, et
18 JUDGE JORDA: Thank you, Professor. You may
19 now, Mr. Kehoe, ask one question regarding this issue.
20 MR. KEHOE:
21 Q. Doctor, this retraction contains no
22 retraction concerning your discussions with President
23 Tudjman, does it?
24 A. Mr. President, I have three or five times
25 already said that my retraction was not published in
1 its entirety and I do not understand this.
2 JUDGE JORDA: Yes. I've taken note of that,
4 Mr. Kehoe, the witness has stated -- he says
5 five times, but nonetheless, he said that his
6 retraction had the not been fully published in its full
8 MR. KEHOE:
9 Q. Now, Doctor, after these secret meetings that
10 you participated in in Tikves, you withdrew from these
11 discussions concerning the division of
12 Bosnia-Herzegovina, didn't you, because you did not
13 approve of them?
14 A. I withdrew because I had achieved what I had
15 wanted to achieve as a historian. Of course, I did not
16 agree during this overall situation at the time
17 already. I had the feeling that chaos and turmoil
18 would ensue. And I withdrew for a number of reasons,
19 not only the one that you are alleging, but I felt that
20 the whole issue was not clear, it had not been defined,
21 that I didn't really know what the politicians wanted
22 on either side, and that myself as a scholar, as a
23 professional, had no place there because the policies
24 were contradictory.
25 On the one hand, there was a firm decision to
1 defend the republican borders. On the other hand there
2 was talks going on which I was not familiar with,
3 state, parastatal talks, I don't know. So there were
4 several reasons why I gave up my participation in that
6 Q. But the talks continued, didn't they?
7 A. I don't know anything about that, because
8 that group of experts fell apart, or was disbanded,
10 Q. Well, you testified, did you not, several
11 weeks ago in the case of Prosecutor -- versus
13 JUDGE JORDA: Please ask your question,
14 Mr. Kehoe.
15 MR. KEHOE: I simply asked the witness
16 whether or not he testified in that proceeding.
17 JUDGE JORDA: I suppose if you're asking the
18 question then you must know that he was present. At
19 least I hope the Office of the Prosecutor knows
20 already. So please move on.
21 MR. KEHOE:
22 Q. Well, in that particular discussion, Doctor,
23 you noted that, "I resigned from the continuation of
24 the talks." And then you went on to note, "Q. In no
25 way do I imply any criticism of you," this is by the
1 Prosecutor, "I am merely endeavouring to elicit --
2 eliciting the facts. But the fact of the matter is
3 that following the meeting between Tudjman and
4 Milosevic, you were assigned as a member of this
5 commission to endeavour to reach an agreement with the
6 Serbs on the division of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and
7 that your concern at that time was the fate of the
8 Muslims." The answer is, "Yes. As soon as I saw what
9 was happening, from a kind of historical curiosity I
10 accepted to take part in the talks."
11 And later on you say, "I cannot say what
12 happened afterwards because the contacts probably
14 Do you recall saying that, sir?
15 A. The word "probably" is something I wish to
16 underline, because interstate contacts between Belgrade
17 and Zagreb were constant, diplomatic, non-diplomatic of
18 various kinds. It's quite logical that contacts and
19 links were not totally interrupted, but I personally do
20 not know anything about them.
21 Q. Well, Doctor, is it your belief that after
22 your departure from those talks that those talks
23 concerning the division of Bosnia and Herzegovina
25 A. My belief is not important.
1 MR. NOBILO: Objection.
2 JUDGE JORDA: I agree with Mr. Nobilo. It
3 seems that the question has been asked already.
4 MR. NOBILO: Yes. The witness has quite
5 clearly said, on several occasions, that he has no
6 knowledge about what happened later. Therefore, the
7 grounds for this question do not exist, because the
8 witness has said that he doesn't know what happened
10 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, perhaps you might rephrase
11 your question unless -- we're going to be going on to
12 the break. Do you have another question about these
13 meetings in Karadjordjevo, if so, please go ahead.
14 MR. KEHOE: I do not, Mr. President. The
15 witness has answered the question as far as I'm
17 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, very well. Do you have
18 many more questions in your cross-examination,
19 Mr. Kehoe?
20 MR. KEHOE: It's difficult to say, Your
21 Honour. I would say probably an hour or so.
22 JUDGE JORDA: Very well. We're going to take
23 our first break of ten minutes. We're going to
24 reconvene at 20 minutes to the hour.
25 --- Recess taken at 3.30 p.m.
1 --- On resuming at 3.45 p.m.
2 (The accused entered court).
3 JUDGE JORDA: Mr. Kehoe, please go on.
4 MR. KEHOE: Yes. Mr. President, Your
5 Honours, thank you.
6 Q. Doctor, you resigned from this commission
7 because you did the not accept the concepts about the
8 division of Bosnia-Herzegovina, and you disagreed with
9 what was happening, so as a Communist of 50 years you
10 left; isn't that right?
11 A. I have already answered that question, adding
12 the fact that the situation was so complicated that I
13 didn't consider myself competent to continue to be
14 involved in a dramatic situation, so that I have
15 already answered that question and explained what I
16 have just added.
17 Q. On page 225, at line 20 of your prior
18 testimony in Aleksovski, you noted, "I publicly came
19 out against the radicalism, both Serb and Croatian,
20 because as I know, for 50 years I was a Communist, and
21 I don't accept the concepts about the division, so
22 that's why I resigned."
23 Now, that was your testimony in the
24 Aleksovski case, is that correct?
25 A. Yes. I was always in favour of moderate
1 policies and against radical ones, because I myself
2 went through the radical policies of the revolution,
3 socialist revolution, and I had had enough of this
5 Q. And you did not agree with the policies of
6 division that President Tudjman advocated, did you, as
7 it pertained to Bosnia-Herzegovina?
8 A. I didn't claim that, and I claim today that
9 I'm not sure of that, because it wasn't explicitly
10 stated that Bosnia and Herzegovina should be divided,
11 but that the overall situation should be examined.
12 Q. Well, Doctor, in early 1994, President
13 Tudjman called upon you to go to Belgrade as a
14 representative of --
15 MR. NOBILO: I apologise to my learned
16 colleague, but in our examination-in-chief, we reached
17 as far as the break-up of Yugoslavia, that is 1990.
18 About the years that followed and the duties of this
19 witness in '93, '94, in the independent Republic of
20 Croatia is something we did not discuss, so this is
21 quite outside the scope of the examination-in-chief.
22 MR. KEHOE: Mr. President, I will tell the
23 Court exactly the question that I'm going to ask.
24 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, please. Finish with your
25 question first.
1 MR. KEHOE:
2 Q. Doctor, you were called upon to go to Serbia
3 as a representative for the Republic of Croatia as part
4 of a reconciliation mission with the Serbs; is that
6 A. Yes.
7 Q. Prior to leaving, you had a discussion with
8 President Tudjman in early 1994, where he said, "I know
9 that you do not agree with my policy in Bosnia and
10 Herzegovina." Did he not say that to you?
11 JUDGE JORDA: Hold on. Before the witness
12 responds to that question, I would first like to see
13 whether or not the Judges would like for this question
14 to be put under Rule 70. The Rules of Procedure give
15 the Judges the right to put a question -- rather, under
16 Rule 90, the Judges do have indeed the right to put a
17 question to the witness. First let me consult with my
19 The Trial Chamber -- and this will also
20 account for the following questions, deems that Rule 90
21 does indeed -- rather, 98, dealing with additional
22 evidence presented by the witness, the Trial Chamber
23 may order either party to produce additional evidence,
24 and it may, if appropriate, summon witnesses and order
25 their attendance, but in this case the Judges do have
1 the right to give the Defence the right to re-examine
2 on issues which are not covered in
4 Mr. Kehoe, you may ask your question.
5 MR. KEHOE: Yes, Mr. President.
6 Q. Doctor, in this discussion with President
7 Tudjman in early 1994, he said to you, "I know that
8 you, Dr. Bilandzic, do not agree with my policy in
9 Bosnia and Herzegovina." And that was the policy of a
10 division in Bosnia-Herzegovina that you didn't agree
11 with; isn't that so?
12 A. I really cannot remember that I said that,
13 and even if I did say that it had been said, I simply
14 cannot remember that. I did not hear such a statement
15 from president Tudjman, even if it was published in the
17 MR. NOBILO: Mr. President, we should like to
18 learn the source from which the Prosecutor is quoting.
19 Secondly, we would like to have a copy, because it
20 seems to me that the Prosecutor has added his own
21 interpretation to this quotation. If allegedly
22 President Tudjman said, "I know that you do not agree
23 with my policy in Bosnia-Herzegovina," and then the
24 Prosecutor added, "That was the division of Bosnia,
25 wasn't it?" So I think this is improper.
1 JUDGE JORDA: Mr. Kehoe, let's be very
2 clear. You mentioned quotations. Would you please
3 give us the source, otherwise, it would seem that
4 you're giving an interpretation of what the witness had
6 MR. KEHOE: Yes, Mr. President. The source
7 is, again, Exhibit 264, the newspaper article from
8 Nacional, and on the second to last page, and in the
9 area, Doctor, if you can look the at Exhibit 264 --
10 JUDGE JORDA: 464 is it not, Mr. Registrar?
11 MR. KEHOE: I apologise, Judge, 464.
12 Q. And do you see, Doctor, in the area on the --
13 I believe it's your second page, starting with "Free
15 JUDGE JORDA: Would you please underline
16 where that sentence is, Mr. Kehoe? I don't see it.
17 MR. KEHOE:
18 Q. Yes, Your Honour. In the English version
19 it's on page 6. If I can point to it, Your Honour,
20 it's right here. On page 6. I realise this is a
21 rather unscientific method, but --
22 JUDGE JORDA: Thank you. Mr. Riad has placed
23 it before me. Thank you.
24 MR. KEHOE:
25 Q. Now, Doctor, you said in this article in
1 Nacional that President Tudjman said to you you do not
2 agree with my policies in Bosnia-Herzegovina but it
3 would be good if you went to Belgrade. Do you see that
5 A. What it says here is -- I should like to
6 repeat what I already said. I can't find it here, but
7 I don't think that is important, Your Honours, because
8 I do not absolutely recall Tudjman saying that to me,
9 and we have already spoken about this sufficiently,
10 that is, that I protested with the Nacional, saying
11 that it had misinterpreted many of my thoughts, and I
12 cannot recall President Tudjman saying that to me.
13 JUDGE JORDA: Very well. Mr. Kehoe.
14 MR. KEHOE:
15 Q. Well, place us in time and help us with this,
17 You were recalled from Belgrade in May of
18 19595; is that right?
19 A. Yes.
20 Q. And you had spent 15 months in Belgrade on
21 this diplomatic mission?
22 A. Yes.
23 Q. So any invitation by President Tudjman for
24 you to undertake this diplomatic mission would have
25 taken place in late 1993 or possibly early 1994; is
1 that right?
2 A. You're thinking of when the mission was
3 suspended, the agreement was more or less tête-à-tête
4 that I would go to Belgrade for only a few months
5 because I had retired and I had my own obligations with
6 respect to writing books and I stayed for longer than
7 originally had been agreed.
8 Q. But the undertaking per the request of
9 President Tudjman, was made to you by President Tudjman
10 in the, say, last half of 1993; is that accurate?
11 A. No. Your Honours, this was about 15 days
12 prior to my departure for Belgrade. That was my first
13 contact when I learned that he would like me to go to
14 Belgrade, maybe 10 days before I actually left.
15 Q. So help me out here, Doctor, I am just trying
16 o tie down the time frame here for the purposes of the
17 record. If you came back in May of 1995, and you were
18 there for 15 months, you must have had this discussion
19 in late December 1993 or early January of 1994, unless
20 my math is wrong; is that approximately right?
21 A. I am repeating. Ten days or so prior to
22 leaving for Belgrade, I was called to go on that
23 mission, nothing more than that, Your Honours.
24 Q. And prior to that time, you had expressed
25 disapproval, publicly you had expressed disapproval of
1 the policies of the Republic of Croatia as it pertained
2 to the Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina; did you not?
3 A. I don't know what source you are referring to
4 and what kind of non-approval you are referring to,
5 what you mean as a member of the opposition. Ever
6 since the first day of the establishment of the
7 independent state of Croatia, I was a member of the
8 presidency on behalf of the opposition and to this day
9 I am a member of the opposition. And as a member of an
10 opposition party, I often spoke critically about the
11 regime because that is the logic of a political
13 Q. Well, I guess we'll go into this in a little
14 more detail, Doctor. You wrote a book that we talked
15 about yesterday, where you criticised the establishment
16 of the Kninska Krajina, because it established a state
17 within a state of the Republic of Croatia and, as such,
18 presented an intolerable situation for the Republic of
19 Croatia; do you recall that discussion?
20 A. Yes, the League of Communists of Croatia of
21 whose central committee I was a member, from the first
22 day of the conflict with Milosevic's policies, always
23 pursued a policy of defence of Croatia and it remains
24 that that policy remains in force to this day. And
25 within the framework of that policy, I was naturally
1 against this so-called Balvan Revolution or Log
3 Q. And that revolution started as a cultural
4 grouping and ultimately turned into I believe what you
5 described yesterday as an entity that had all the
6 trappings of statehood; is that right?
7 A. No, that is not right. On the 19th of July,
8 1990, the people of Knin took up arms. They cut wood.
9 They put up obstacles to block traffic between Croatia
10 and its coastline. They blocked the main road and the
11 conflict started immediately there. Cultural autonomy
12 was just a way of legitimising the so-called Balvan
14 MR. NOBILO: Mr. President, I apologise for
15 objecting again. Of course the Defence appreciates the
16 right of the Trial Chamber to call for evidence of its
17 own, but it appears -- we would just like the time that
18 is being used for this not to be counted as the Defence
19 time as this is quite outside the examination-in-chief
20 and, therefore, it is based on a different grounds than
21 the regular cross-examination.
22 JUDGE JORDA: You are not incorrect. But we
23 would like to see whether the Prosecution has further
24 questions which is of great interest to the Chamber and
25 to the judges.
1 Please understand, Mr. Nobilo, that when you
2 have a witness who is very close to those in power in a
3 historical and a political knowledge that also
4 interests the judges a great deal.
5 Now I turn to Mr. Kehoe to see whether this
6 cross-examination which you are carrying out with
7 questions, which, once again, I repeat, the judges find
8 of great interest must nonetheless ask the question
9 about the time. Are you in agreement with that, Mr.
11 MR. KEHOE: Absolutely, Judge. I mean, if
12 the Court wants to suspend the time against the Defence
13 on that score, the Prosecution has no objection to
15 MR. HAYMAN: Our records indicate that about
16 30 minutes was within the scope and the rest of the
17 examination has focused on personal contacts with
18 President Tudjman and the witness' views about policies
19 of the Republic of Croatia after the disintegration of
20 the former Yugoslavia.
21 MR. KEHOE: The problem, Mr. President, with
22 that analysis is this --
23 JUDGE JORDA: No, I propose to be flexible.
24 We, the judges, have stated that on the Rule of 98 that
25 these questions can be of interest to the Blaskic
1 case. However, you do, indeed, have the right to
2 re-examination. If indeed time has been taken from
3 you, you will not sacrifice your right to
4 re-examination. That will be granted to you. But,
5 nonetheless, please do not abuse this flexibility that
6 we are showing. This witness is here. He has also
7 appeared in other cases. He was a very important
8 political agent in the events that took place in that
9 area. We understand you have many questions for you.
10 However, please do not digress in your
11 questions, please do not multiply them, backtrack,
12 otherwise we have great difficulty in understanding
13 what questions you are asking. Please put your
14 questions directly and please try to make strong
15 efforts in this area. We do not want to have any
16 further incidents as we have seen just now.
17 MR. KEHOE:
18 Q. Doctor, going directly to the point.
19 Yesterday in your testimony, you were strongly opposed
20 to the establishment of the Republic of Serb Krajina as
21 it was the establishment of a state within the state of
22 a Republic of Croatia; isn't that correct?
23 A. Yes.
24 Q. You also, sir, were strongly opposed to the
25 activities that led to the establishment of the
1 Croatian community of Herzeg-Bosna and the ultimate
2 creation of the Republic of Herzeg-Bosna, were you
4 A. Your Honours, the idea about establishing
5 Herzeg-Bosna itself until the process was completed, I
6 was not included and cannot testify as to that.
7 Q. That particular movement, Doctor --
8 JUDGE JORDA: Professor, we have asked you
9 whether or not you were against it or not. This is a
10 question which is of interest to the judges. We've
11 asked you whether you yourself were against it. If you
12 do not answer the question now, I can tell you that
13 right now I, myself, will ask you that question. So
14 please try to respond to that question now or in a
15 moment. It's a question which id very clear. Yes or
16 no, were you against the creation of the Herzeg-Bosna
18 THE WITNESS: When Herzeg-Bosna was created,
19 then I came to learn that it had been established and
20 that is why I did not assume a public stand because
21 about the initiative and the process of creating
22 Bosnia-Herzegovina -- Herzeg-Bosna, I knew nothing.
23 JUDGE JORDA: Please go on, Mr. Kehoe.
24 MR. KEHOE:
25 Q. Well, you knew, doctor, that the Croatian
1 community of Herzeg-Bosna, when it was established on
2 the 18th of November, 1991, had a goal of becoming a
3 part of the Republic of Croatia; did you not learn
4 that, sir?
5 A. Your Honours, I don't know where the source
6 comes from because I did not have any decided stands on
7 Herzeg-Bosna and I had retired from political life
8 already at the time and I did not participate in this.
9 So I have no stand on Herzeg-Bosna here until it was
10 already formed. I have already said that.
11 Q. Well, you do know, doctor, that the goals of
12 the Croatia community of Herzeg-Bosna were annexation
13 with the Republic of Croatia; you do know that, don't
15 A. No, I don't know the source that I knew that
16 Herzeg-Bosna should be annexed to Croatia. I don't
17 know where the source comes from. That is, that I knew
18 about this and that I was against it or anything about
19 it, in fact.
20 Q. Well, sir, you perceived that that creation
21 of the Croatian community of Herzeg-Bosna, was an
22 effort to divide the Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina,
23 didn't you?
24 A. Your Honours, that was a live process which
25 began, which lasted in its ultimate goal. What it was
1 to be, I did not know of it, nor could I have known.
2 And I always took the view that the constituents of
3 each nation be respected. And I never said decidedly
4 anything about Herzeg-Bosna, so I don't know the source
5 of this.
6 Q. Let's move ahead, Doctor. You believe and
7 concluded as a historian that after the establishment
8 of the Vance-Owen Plan that the authorities in
9 Herzeg-Bosna had concluded that they could do what they
10 wanted; didn't you conclude that?
11 A. Not quite like that. I condemned, that is to
12 say I have not got the right to condemn, but I stated,
13 I said that I considered that neither the Republic of
14 Srpska or Herzeg-Bosna should have the position which
15 would lead towards a definite division. I said this on
16 several occasions, but in precise terms, my own policy,
17 my own positions, I did not declare, but I did say that
18 I did not consider it to be a good idea.
19 Q. You concluded that the granting of Bosnian
20 Croats citizenship in the Republic of Croatia was a
21 mistake, didn't you?
22 A. Perhaps I just noted that it had been done,
23 but I did not qualify this either as a mistake or as a
24 good thing either.
25 Q. You also concluded that representation by
1 Bosnian Croats in the Sabor was also a mistake; didn't
3 A. I don't know where you have the resource that
4 it was a mistake. But I was against the fact -- let me
5 be more precise. I supported, but I do not have a
6 stand on this, nor did I ever have a stand. I never
7 said anything about the matter of representation. But,
8 intimately, I thought that this was not the right
9 solution. I don't remember saying anything or writing
10 anything about that.
11 JUDGE JORDA: Mr. Kehoe, when you're going to
12 be citing something, I hope that you will name the
13 source if you're going to quote from some document.
14 MR. KEHOE: Yes, Mr. President.
15 Q. But, Doctor, your positions were consistent,
16 you were against the formation of the Kninska Krajina,
17 within the Republic of Croatia in the same way that you
18 were against the establishment of the Croatian
19 community of Herzeg-Bosna and the Republic of
20 Herzeg-Bosna because it would lead to the break up of
21 individual republics; isn't that right?
22 A. In principle, I assumed that stand, but when
23 the Prosecutor, Your Honours, say that I expressly
24 stated, then this is a mistake. I don't recall having
25 expressly stated this. Because a mistake is that kind
1 of qualification. It can mean one thing or another.
2 They're all relative matters. And taking part in
3 political life, particularly when you're a member of
4 the opposition, one allows oneself the right to
5 overdimensionalise in order to make it difficult for
6 the ruling party.
7 JUDGE JORDA: Mr. Kehoe, this is a question
8 of methodology. I think you must respect the rigorous
9 principles of methodology. Either you ask the witness
10 his opinion and then the witness will give his
11 opinion. Or, you should list the facts and then ask
12 him to comment on those. You cannot pile on questions,
13 approximative questions, you, it seems, did so and so.
14 And then end that with a question by saying, therefore,
15 if you're against such and such a thing. Do you follow
16 me? Do you follow what problem I have? Is it a
17 question of methodology in your questioning. This is a
18 procedure that must be followed. Either you ask the
19 opinion of the witness. That is your absolute right.
20 But, you should not start off with a question from
21 which the answer is already there. Then, derive a
22 certain answer from that. And this is an intellectual
23 exercise which is not very clear. So please make an
24 effort in this regard. Thank you.
25 MR. KEHOE: Yes, Mr. President.
1 Q. Doctor, do you know a reporter by the name of
2 Jasmina Kuzmanovic?
3 A. No.
4 Q. Did you give an interview or comment to her
5 on the 21st of July, or it was published on the 21st of
6 July, 1993, on a wire service known as "Associative
8 A. That is possible, Your Honours. I had
9 interviews with hundreds and hundreds of journalists.
10 Now, whether I gave this particular person an
11 interview, I don't have records on this in my personal
12 documents or anywhere, so I don't remember. I don't
13 know the sense of the question. The question is not a
14 direct question.
15 Q. Well, Doctor, let me get more direct on the
16 question. During the midst of the war between the
17 Bosnian Muslims and the Bosnian Croats, did you express
18 your displeasure of the policies of the Republic of
19 Croatia in saying if one divides Bosnia, why shouldn't
20 one divide Croatia? It's a logical consequence. Did
21 you say that?
22 A. I don't remember that. It can possibly be
23 stated, but I don't recall --
24 JUDGE JORDA: Now here's a question of
25 methodology once again. You have that article, I
2 MR. KEHOE: I do, I do, Mr. President.
3 JUDGE JORDA: You don't even know what the
4 date of the article is. So, please, when you have an
5 article, please specify which article you are referring
6 to, otherwise we will lose a great deal of time. I
7 don't even have the year. So, please, you can say you
8 gave to such and such a paper on such and such and date
9 and then we can end with that and the witness can tell
10 you what he feels, what he thinks about that. Let's
11 continue on that vein Mr. Kehoe, but not to keep going
12 around the issue.
13 MR. KEHOE: With respect, Mr. President, I do
14 believe I led in before the question that this was an
15 article that was published approximately on the 21st of
16 July, 1993 by an Associative Press reporter.
17 Q. You do not recall giving that particular
18 interview; is that right?
19 A. Absolutely not. I have at least 2.000 pages
20 of interviews and who can remember an interview,
21 particularly in that dramatic situation.
22 Q. Well, let me ask you, Doctor, during July of
23 1993, did you believe that the Croatians were
24 attempting to divide Bosnia?
25 A. Your Honours, this is also a strange
1 question. My stand of principle was always to retain
2 the results of the partisan war. That is to say, this
3 republic. And it is from those positions that I always
4 defended these stands. And then, of course, in one or
5 another interview, following a policy of that kind, and
6 as I was a member of the opposition, I could have said
7 one thing or another. So whether I thought one thing
8 or another is difficult for me to say. I cannot define
9 it. I cannot remember precisely what exactly I said in
10 July 1993, what I thought in July 1993.
11 Q. Then, maybe we can refresh your recollection,
12 Doctor, by going to the second clip and I believe
13 that's 463-B, if I am not mistaken, Mr. Dubuisson. If
14 we can play that next clip again. Again this is
15 another excerpt from dispatches.
16 Excuse me, video room, can you start that
17 from the beginning with the volume, please. And the
18 lights, please, if you could dim the lights.
19 (Videotape played)
20 Q. Do you recall that interview, Doctor?
21 A. Well, the question, as a member of the
22 opposition party, of course I remember. I wanted to
23 explain and I was close to the view that this was a
24 state of fact. And from that state of fact to politics
25 and what should be done is a long road, a large step to
2 Q. Did you conclude that the Croatian community
3 of Herzeg-Bosna was attempting to establish a state
4 within the Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina?
5 A. I only took note of what had been done. I
6 did not conclude anything. My statement talks about
7 what they did within their territorial unit. And I
8 have no stand there, what they were thinking of doing
9 in the future.
10 Q. In any event, Doctor, you concluded that the
11 Croats from Herzegovina thought that the division of
12 Bosnia-Herzegovina was done and that they could do
13 whatever they wanted; isn't that right?
14 A. Well, you used a bit of licentia poetica
15 there. I did not say that, poetic licence. It was a
16 dramatic process which was ongoing and it was to end
17 later on according to the logics of recognition because
18 Croatia was later to recognise, not later, but it
19 definitely recognised Bosnia-Herzegovina and an
20 organisation within Herzeg-Bosna was both military and
21 political because at that time in the aggressive war
22 against the JNA and Serbia and so on and so forth,
23 something had to be done in that direction.
24 Q. Doctor, let me go back for one moment before
25 we conclude. In your paper that you wrote, "Croatian
1 Between War and Independence." A paper that was
2 published by the University of Zagreb in 1991. And in
3 your conclusion, you state the following thing:
4 "Criminal deeds go hand in hand with criminal lies.
5 This is an old and often proven truth."
6 Doctor, do you believe that today as much as
7 you believed that in 1991?
8 A. Your Honours, criminal deeds go hand in hand
9 with what? I don't understand the sense of the
10 sentence. It alludes me. If I wrote it, then the
11 interpretation is completely unclear and the
12 Prosecutor's interpretation is unclear. What does it
13 mean? Criminal deeds are criminal deeds.
14 Q. I will read it for you one more time. And I
15 quote as follows on page 90 of your book: "Criminal
16 deeds go hand in hand with criminal lies. This is an
17 old and often proved truth." Did you write that?
18 A. Even if I did write it, I think that it is a
19 little -- that it has two meanings and it is not
20 sufficiently clear. A criminal deed, something has to
21 precede criminal deeds and you lawyers know that. You
22 have to have intent beforehand or some sort of action,
23 preparation for some thing. And criminal lies, it
24 states that criminal lies are also criminal deeds. Is
25 that the sense of the question? Whether I consider
1 that lies are criminal deeds? It is not a very clear
2 sentence and I doubt that I could have written a
3 sentence which lacked clarity of that kind. Or perhaps
4 it is a question of translation. I don't understand
5 the exact sense, either of the sentence or the
7 JUDGE JORDA: The sentence does not go on too
8 much further. Otherwise it seems that we are arriving
9 at a paradoxical situation, where the author of the
10 sentence would have to receive an explanation from
11 someone else about that sentence means.
12 MR. HAYMAN: Perhaps if we have it in the
13 native language in which it was written, the witness
14 can see it. If we have it in BSC, Your Honour, that
15 might cut through the problem.
16 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Yes. We have a possible
17 difficulty. I understand the witness to be reacting to
18 a proposition which says that a criminal lie is a
19 criminal deed. The sentence which was quoted to you
20 was, however, a little different. That criminal deeds
21 go hand in hand with criminal lies. From that, there
22 is no necessary inference, criminal lies are always
23 criminal deeds.
24 THE WITNESS: I agree, Your Honours, with
25 that interpretation made by the judge.
1 JUDGE JORDA: Thank you Judge Shahabuddeen
2 having clarified that issue. Mr. Kehoe, do you have
3 any further questions?
4 MR. KEHOE: No, Mr. President, I do not. No
5 further questions.
6 JUDGE JORDA: Very well, Mr. Nobilo. Now,
7 you realise the re-examination should be within the
8 scope of the cross-examination.
9 MR. NOBILO: That's right. But I suppose
10 with additional questions I could enter into a new
11 cross-examination outside the examination-in-chief.
12 Re-examined by Mr. Nobilo:
13 Q. In any event, Professor please explain to the
14 Court whether there is a difference in expressing
15 assertions in a political struggle and presenting
16 assertions in a scientific work, including professional
17 expertise given before this Criminal Chamber?
18 A. Yes, there is a difference, absolutely.
19 Because statements, Your Honours, in a political
20 struggle, are something that is aimed at having your
21 political adversary disqualified. And when we're
22 talking about science, then the approach must be quite
23 different. The methods might be quite different and
24 the statements different. And I assume that this holds
25 true in a court of law as well.
1 Q. Have I understood you correctly in saying
2 that the weight and precision and quality of one, that
3 is statements said in the heat of political argument,
4 and a different weight is placed on something that you,
5 as a scientist, write or state or something which you,
6 as a scientist, state before a court of law?
7 A. The ethics of science has its own ethics and
8 political struggles have their own ethics which are
9 different according to my view.
10 Q. You are a member of the strongest opposition
11 party in the Republic of Croatia and whether it is --
12 is it the aim of your opposition party to overthrow
13 president Tudjman's power and party, of course, in a
14 parliamentary manner?
15 A. I think I can confirm this because the whole
16 meaning of having an opposition party is to come into
17 power one day. And, of course, in Croatia this means
18 by parliamentary methods today.
19 Q. You -- we heard mention of the Nacional a lot
20 of times, is this a pro-government newspaper or
21 anti-government newspaper?
22 A. It's expressly opposition anti-government and
23 expressly critical. And I always follow the Nacional
24 and I must say, unfortunately, that I don't very often
25 agree with them because at times they overstep the code
1 of conduct and morals -- well, not morals, that's a
2 little heavy, but they overstep the frameworks of Buto
3 in order to inflict a blow to the regime and the ruling
4 party. And I have the impression I could also supply
5 you with documents because I myself am convinced of
7 Q. In a young democracy, such as Croatia, is
8 that the characteristic of the majority of newspapers?
9 A. Also in this case I think, Your Honours, this
10 is a broad question. But I must say one thing and that
11 is that the mentality that reigns the Mediterranean
12 mountainous mentality in polemics does not always take
13 care of content and style, but very often they react
14 very sharply and heatedly. In Croatia we have several
15 newspapers who are in the forefront of this kind of
17 Q. Would the Nacional, do you assess that the
18 Nacional is also politically oriented like your own
19 party as an opposition in the direction of overthrowing
20 the existing powers that are in Croatia?
21 A. Yes, it's far more critical than my own
23 Q. In Croatia, in our political discussions
24 there, when we speak of division, the division of
25 Bosnia-Herzegovina, does this encompass a division
1 within the state, that is who is going to be dominant
2 in power within? And the same term, is it used in the
3 division of the same state into two, three or more
4 parts? Am I right in saying the same term, "division",
5 is used for breaking up Bosnia-Herzegovina and also
6 when we mean division in the local division of
7 government within Bosnia-Herzegovina? Am I right
9 A. Well, I think that politics and the processes
10 in Bosnia-Herzegovina, from the first day to the
11 present, are such that the term "division" is really
12 used both for a policy of Bosnia as an entirety, that
13 is that the division must ensure constituency of the
14 three basic elements. Those who wish to have the
15 division of Bosnia also use the same term "division".
16 So this is rather a confusing term, a
17 confusion of terms, terms which are not quite clear,
18 and daily politics uses, intentionally, these confusing
19 terms, both the ruling party and the opposition parties
20 use this term.
21 Q. In concrete terms, is Bosnia divided into two
22 ethnicities today -- entities in keeping with the
23 Dayton Accords?
24 A. Well, the Dayton Accords, in fact, divided
25 Bosnia-Herzegovina, but the opposition overemphasises
1 this assessment, that the International Community
2 divided Bosnia and that it now keeps it divided. This
3 is particularly widespread, the accepted widespread
4 view in the opposition parties.
5 Q. Well, from -- we discussed Karadjordjevo a
6 great deal, so I won't dwell on that, but you said that
7 you did not see any document from a meeting in
8 Karadjordjevo, and that President Tudjman did not tell
9 you the contents of the talks there.
10 A. Absolutely.
11 Q. And now I'm asking you whether anybody -- any
12 other member of the Croatian delegation who was present
13 in Karadjordjevo told you about the contents of the
14 talks in Karadjordjevo between the representatives of
15 Croatia and Serbia?
16 A. Absolutely not. Neither the Minister, nor
17 the Prime Minister, nobody told me this.
18 Q. So just with one sentence, can we definitely
19 conclude and discard all doubt that you have no
20 knowledge on the talks in Karadjordjevo and what was
21 discussed in Karadjordjevo?
22 A. Absolutely not.
23 Q. Tikves. You said that the meeting in Tikves
24 boiled down to a discussion on whether the boarders
25 from the Second World War can or cannot be changed.
1 Can you tell me in precise terms whether this related
2 to the external borders of Yugoslavia or the republican
4 A. Your question -- even in my interview in the
5 Nacional, says that -- and that is the frequently
6 quoted Nacional is an important source here, that
7 practically the entire talks were -- evolved in a
8 polemics as to which borders were meant. The talks
9 gave me the impression, a strong impression, that both
10 sides, in discussing borders, understood that they were
11 dealing exclusively with internal borders, because none
12 of the sides brought into question external borders.
13 Q. Professor, could you please make it clear to
14 the court; in our political terminology, when we say
15 "internal borders," do we have in mind the borders of
16 the Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Serbia and
17 so on and so forth?
18 A. Absolutely, completely. There is no dilemma
19 there. We have in mind exclusively the republican
20 borders, which according to the 1974 constitution, were
21 defined as the boarders of the states of the
22 republics. So state borders are borders -- internal
23 borders between the republics.
24 Q. Having said that, may we conclude, in view of
25 your previous statement, that you, together with the
1 other representatives from Croatia, advocated no change
2 for the boarders of Croatia and Bosnia?
3 A. While I took part in those talks the answer
4 is yes, and after me and before me I don't know.
5 Q. To objectvise the situation, at that time --
6 in that time span, that is the armed insurrection of
7 the Serbs in Krajina, which brought into question
8 Croatian state borders, Croatia could allow itself the
9 political luxury of bringing into question its internal
10 borders within Yugoslavia.
11 A. The political-military-international
12 situation in the early spring of 1991 was such that it
13 reached a climax. That is to say, it was the time when
14 preparations for a military coup were being prepared,
15 and when the Minister of the army went to the Soviet
16 Union, to Marshal Jasov (Phoen), and Croatia found
17 itself in a situation which was a difficult one, so
18 difficult that any serious policy, anybody serious at
19 the time would not have opened a front of that kind.
20 Q. We have heard you were an expert working with
21 the peaks of Croatian power and authority during the
22 disintegration period of Yugoslavia. Now, I ask you
23 the following: At that time, or afterwards, and we're
24 now entering into the region, right up to the present
25 day, whether you ever saw one official document of the
1 Republic of Croatia which would demand, request, the
2 division of Bosnia-Herzegovina?
3 A. As far as I know, a document of that kind
4 does not exist. I had occasion to look at the
5 documents of our Sabor, or parliament, of the
6 government, of the Foreign Affairs Ministry, as far as
7 I was able through the mass media, and as far as I know
8 I don't know of any document of that kind.
9 Q. I have asked you officially. Did you see a
10 secret document of the organs of Croatia seeking for
11 this division?
12 A. No, absolutely not.
13 Q. Would you please tell the Court what state in
14 the world first recognised Bosnia-Herzegovina?
15 A. I think that it was Croatia.
16 Q. In the diplomatic world, when a state is
17 recognised, what does that mean in view of its
18 territory and borders?
19 A. It means that the side recognises the
20 integrity of the country recognised.
21 Q. What does that mean?
22 A. It means that in the case of Yugoslavia and
23 recognition of mutual -- whether Serbia, Slovenia,
24 Bosnia-Herzegovina Montenegro, whatever, that the
25 signing and the international recognition meant
1 recognition of its existing borders. That is political
2 practice. And that holds true for Slovenia, with which
3 we do have diplomatic relations. It holds true for
4 Macedonia and also for Serbia, although -- that is to
5 say Yugoslavia. Although with Yugoslavia, we have the
6 problem of the Prehlika (Phoen) area, that although
7 that is a specific issue. However, Yugoslavia and
8 Croatia recognised existing borders, and existing
9 borders are always recognised.
10 Q. Without side-stepping, did Croatia recognise
11 Bosnian borders?
12 A. Yes, yes, of course it did.
13 Q. Is recognition by the Republic of Croatia of
14 Bosnia, was that before or after Karadjordjevo or can
15 you remember?
16 A. Karadjordjevo was while Yugoslavia existed as
17 an internationally recognised state. Therefore, we
18 could not have spoken at that time. It was, let's say,
19 one year before the international recognition of
20 Bosnia-Herzegovina, and nine months or eight months
21 prior to the international recognition of Croatia,
22 Slovenia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and four months prior to
23 the beginning of the war.
24 So we're dealing here with Yugoslavia, which
25 was still an internationally recognised state.
1 Q. Therefore, Professor, the recognition of
2 Bosnia-Herzegovina by Croatia came after
3 Karadjordjevo. That's what you wanted to say?
4 A. Yes, one year later.
5 Q. Now tell me, in relation to Karadjordjevo,
6 how much time elapsed before the Great War broke out
7 between Serbia, the JNA and Croatia? How long after
9 A. I didn't understand the question.
10 Q. From the moment of the meeting in
12 A. Yes, I understand.
13 Q. Yes. From Karadjordjevo to the outbreak of
14 war between Serbia and Croatia, how much time elapsed?
15 A. About four months. Yes, about four months
16 later. The real war began in the summer of 1991, and
17 up until then, there were outbreaks in Krajina, Knin.
18 Clashes existed in Pakrac, Dalj and so on and so
19 forth. These were clashes that broke out. But a
20 frontal attack by the JNA began on Croatia from Serbia
21 in the summer of 1991.
22 Q. Professor. You have a great deal of
23 scientific, political and every other kind of
24 experience, so could you tell the Court, as a
25 historian, as a politician, what do you conclude from
1 the fact that the war broke out after Karadjordjevo, a
2 war in which the large town of Croatia was destroyed,
3 Vukovar, the holy place of Croatia at Dubrovnik and so
4 on? What do you conclude from that fact, that the war
5 broke out four months after the meeting in
6 Karadjordjevo? What is your conclusions regarding what
7 happened or did not happen in Karadjordjevo?
8 A. Your Honours, this is a very interesting
9 question to which history will certainly be able to
10 provide an answer, but it is self-explanatory, without
11 going into a thorough analysis, that a bloody war
12 between two parties should not have occurred if those
13 opposing parties had reached some kind of a mutual
14 agreement. Because if there was an agreement, then
15 there's no way to explain why the war broke out,
16 because as is known, the war was indeed bloody. The
17 JNA had about 15.000 killed soldiers and 40.000
19 Q. On whose side?
20 A. On the side of Croatia. And about ten towns
21 were destroyed. So it is quite incomprehensible that
22 such a brutal and bloody war could have occurred after
23 any kind of agreement.
24 Q. Therefore, 15.000 dead, 30- to 40.000 wounded
25 and about ten destroyed towns after Tudjman and
1 Milosevic had agreed on everything, according to you
2 that is absurd?
3 A. Yes.
4 MR. NOBILO: Thank you, Mr. President, that
5 is all.
6 A. Your Honours, may I make a request?
7 JUDGE JORDA: Yes, Doctor. We are going to
8 have a break now before the Judges will be asking you
9 questions. Would you like to add something?
10 A. I just wanted to say that my wife is very
11 sick, and I have plane tickets for tomorrow morning.
12 If perhaps you could devote a little more time to me
13 today, I have to go back urgently, because I've been
14 told today that my wife has to go into hospital for
16 JUDGE JORDA: Yes. You are right to point
17 that out, Professor, but I believe that after the break
18 we will finish with the questions from the Judges. So
19 you will be free to go as of this evening.
20 We'll stand in recess for 20 minutes.
21 --- Recess taken at 4.50 p.m.
22 --- On resuming at 5.15 p.m.
23 JUDGE JORDA: Please have the accused brought
25 (The accused entered court)
1 MR. KEHOE: Mr. President, I believe I
2 neglected to offer the exhibits that I discussed during
3 my cross-examination into evidence and with the Court's
4 permission, I would like to do that at this time.
5 JUDGE JORDA: No objections?
6 MR. NOBILO: We would like to ask the
7 Prosecutor to specify which exhibits and documents he
8 is referring to because he used a variety of
10 JUDGE JORDA: The video, I presume, Mr.
12 MR. KEHOE: The video is broken down into 463
13 A and 463 B. The article, the Nacional article of the
14 25th of October, 1996, is 464 and 464 A and the
15 retraction of which there is only a BCS version is
16 465. Those are the exhibits.
17 MR. NOBILO: We have no objection, Your
19 JUDGE JORDA: Very well. They have been
20 admitted as numbered. Is that right, registrar?
21 THE REGISTRAR: Yes, that is correct, Your
23 JUDGE JORDA: Professor, we are now coming
24 close to our conclusion, but now the judges have
25 questions for you. I will now give the floor to Judge
2 JUDGE RIAD: Good afternoon, Professor. Can
3 you hear me?
4 A. Good afternoon, Your Honour, yes, I can.
5 JUDGE RIAD: Indeed, I listen with great
6 interest to your testimony which is of great historical
7 dimension and I wish I could listen much more and read
8 you more, I hope.
9 Just a few things I need clarification in my
10 mind in what you said. One of them interests me in
11 particular, not only with regard to your testimony, it
12 is the rights which you mentioned, the rights of a
13 nation could be based on ethnic principle or could be
14 based on national ethribution or based on history. And
15 you seem to identify the ethnic principle with the
16 principle of national ethribution and you said
17 ethribution is tantamount to self-determination.
18 I would like more clarification because I
19 thought the ethnic principle is more linked with race.
20 Is that what you meant that ethnic principle can be the
21 basis of a nation or has it a wider scope? Is my
22 question clear? Concerning the ethnic principle, what
23 did you mean by it?
24 A. Your Honour, in European theory of a nation
25 is a social community comprising several elements. It
1 should have several elements: Language, culture,
2 history, and, in particular and most importantly, an
3 individual feeling of a certain person, the conviction
4 of that person that he belongs to a certain nation.
5 I distinguish nation from race because I
6 don't like the term race. But if we were to accept it
7 in the conventional and popular sense, then within a
8 race, there may be several nations. For instance,
9 though this is not my strong point. For instance,
10 among Arabs, there may be 10 nations. Among the Slavs
11 who are not a race, but a large social grouping, there
12 are about 10 states. So nation is something narrower.
13 And nation according to European criteria can no longer
14 be subdivided. It remains a whole.
15 As for the principle of self-determination,
16 this is a political category, which may or may not be
17 allowed to a nation to resort to, that is to
18 self-determine itself.
19 According to Stalin's policy, for instance,
20 this right to self-determination was not recognised
21 until the Soviet Union was disintegrated. As for these
22 two terms: Ethnic is national; ethnos, that is
23 belonging to a particular situation, an ethnos becomes
24 a nation when it becomes conscious of definite
25 political goals. The ethnic principle is the principle
1 for the formation of nations, but the historical
2 principle is one that I do not recognise. In other
3 words, I do not recognise the right of, for instance,
4 former empires because they used to govern certain
5 peoples, have the right to gain control of those
6 peoples again. Though any right may be abused,
7 including the right to self-determination, as well as
8 the right to historical borders.
9 In the case of Bosnia-Herzegovina, both of
10 the two larger nations ought, or to be more precise,
11 both Croatia and Serbia over a period of 150 years
12 equally claimed the right over Bosnia-Herzegovina in
13 the name of the ethnic and in the name of the
14 historical right. I don't know whether I have been of
15 any assistance. Therefore, in Europe, you have nations
16 such as the German nation, the French nation, the
17 Russian nation, the Italian nation, the Croatian
18 nation, the Hungarian nation. Those are nations.
19 JUDGE RIAD: Just to go to your last
20 affirmation. When you said Croatia and Serbia are
21 claiming rights over Bosnia based on ethnic principle
22 and on historical ground, what is the historical
23 ground? And what is the ethnic principle in this
25 A. That tendency is 150 years old. It emerged
1 in the middle of the 19th century as an idea and a
2 tendency, as a plan, as a project. The starting point
3 was that both parties believed that the Muslims were
4 actually Slavs, but they were Serbs or, in the other
5 case, Croats. Both parties proceeded from the belief
6 that they are of a certain faith. Because, when the
7 Muslims came into being, there were no nations in
8 Europe at the time in the sense in which that concept
9 was established with the French Revolution.
10 When Bosnia-Herzegovina in 1500 something was
11 captured by the Turks, all was that they found there
12 were Slavs of Catholic faith and Orthodox faith. And
13 then later on, national ideologues said that the
14 Muslims who converted to Islam were exclusively
15 Catholics. That would be one theory in Croatia.
16 In Serbia, Karadzic and other theoreticians
17 claim that they were all Orthodox who converted to
18 Islam. Therefore, they remained Serbs, but they only
19 changed their religion, which scientifically cannot be
20 proven quite precisely because the social consciousness
21 in the middle ages differed substantially from social
22 consciousness today.
23 JUDGE RIAD: At least the fact remains, the
24 bottom line is that they were Slavs? The Bosnians were
1 A. That is correct.
2 JUDGE RIAD: They are sometimes called Turks,
3 is that a right description?
4 A. That is true too. But they changed
5 ethnically, although I do not know their history very
6 well. But during the Osmanly Rule, Turks did settle in
7 Bosnia and in time they came to recognise themselves as
8 Turks, as Bosniaks, as something rather vague, so that
9 the research done so far into this issue are quite
10 lacking, even though all three parties have their own
11 interpretations, today's Bosniaks, former Muslims and
12 the Serbs and the Croats each have their own versions
13 about the situation as it was in the middle ages.
14 JUDGE RIAD: What is the version of the
15 Bosniaks themselves?
16 A. The version of the Bosniaks, I will be
17 referring to contemporary views. The Bosnian Muslims
18 always considered themselves a separate people. And
19 when nations were being formed, the nations of the
20 Croatian and the Serbian nation, they took the position
21 that, or they aspired towards becoming an autochthonous
22 factor and that tendency was weak because some of them
23 really did consider themselves Serbs and other Croats,
24 but as of the end of the 19th century, and especially
25 with the formation of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and
1 Tito's socialist Yugoslavia, they tended increasingly
2 to see themselves as a separate national unit. And the
3 Constitution of Yugoslavia recognised this for the
4 first time this figured in the population census of
5 Yugoslavia in 1971. Therefore, today, they have
6 definitely become a formed national community which has
7 this national consciousness of being a separate
9 JUDGE RIAD: Thank you so much for your
10 information. Just another question which comes to my
11 mind and you are not obliged to answer it. When you
12 spoke of the negotiations in Kresovo between President
13 Tudjman and President Milosevic, you just said that it
14 was on how to treat Bosnia-Herzegovina. What did you
15 mean by "How to treat Bosnia"? What does the meaning
16 of "How to treat?" Did you have a definition or rather
17 an explanation of it?
18 A. As I did not get completely clear and precise
19 instructions or information that indeed it had to do
20 with a division, something I didn't believe in, but let
21 me say in passing, I saw that assignment as a
22 political drive conducted before the war. The aim of
23 which was to test the enemy, which from whom one
24 expected the war to start, to see the views regarding
25 that problem. And, secondly, to gain time.
1 However, as intimately I favoured an integral
2 Bosnia-Herzegovina, you know when one personally
3 believes in something, he is not prone to accept such
4 directives. But I can claim with emphasis that I
5 received no document about the Karadjordjevo meeting,
6 nor was I orally told that, except to the effect that
7 we should test what the views of Serbia were regarding
8 Bosnia-Herzegovina and to see the possibility of coming
9 to some kind of an agreement.
10 JUDGE RIAD: Thank you, Professor.
11 A. Thank you too.
12 JUDGE JORDA: Thank you. Judge
14 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Professor Bilandzic, as
15 the president has told you, the Tribunal is not a
16 college of historians and we are grateful to you for
17 coming forward to help us. I shall be sufficiently
18 prudent, I hope, not to enter into areas which are
19 really beyond my reach.
20 So I will ask you just one or two questions
21 and let me begin with Mr. Djilas. Were you referring
22 to the prominent Yugoslav writer?
23 A. Yes, who was also a politician.
24 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: He had more than one
25 dimension to his character. He was both politician and
1 writer. I didn't know that.
2 A. That's right.
3 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Now as you can
4 appreciate, the Bench has an interest in the
5 Karadjordjevo meeting. I understand, perfectly I hope,
6 the position which you have expressed. You heard of
7 it, but you never saw anything and you're not in a
8 position to say authoritatively what may or may not
9 have happened at Karadjordjevo; am I right?
10 A. Right.
11 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Now, would I be right,
12 however, in supposing, Professor, that you would have
13 heard stories circulating that the meeting at
14 Karadjordjevo was about dividing Bosnia-Herzegovina?
15 A. Yes, there were such rumours.
16 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Now, would you,
17 Professor, as a scientific person, have thought that
18 that was an important question?
19 A. Yes, I agree.
20 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Would you, sir, have
21 felt that your scientific pursuits would at least have
22 encouraged you, if not required you, to probe the
23 nature of the alleged agreement?
24 A. If I live for another five or six years, I am
25 75-years-old, I hope that in five or six years' time, I
1 will learn not only about that, but a whole series of
2 events. It is well-known that some events from the
3 Roman times are being discovered today. Or, for
4 instance, some discoveries are being made about the
5 political and social life in the former Soviet Union
6 and the former Yugoslavia, so that a time distance is
7 required to be able to clearly, fairly and
8 scientifically to analyse the past.
9 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: I understand you then to
10 mean that, yes, you recognised that this was a matter
11 of importance which could properly engage the mind of a
12 scientific historian, but you considered that a time
13 factor in the material factor required a deferment of
14 close examination in order to arrive at an objective
15 appreciation of whatever may have happened?
16 A. Exactly so.
17 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Did you see,
18 Professor -- well, I know you saw it. Would you like
19 to recall the clip which you saw yesterday and today,
20 television clip. I think you prepared on it. After
21 you prepared and spoke, Mr. Letica also appeared on the
22 television clip? Another person? Yes. Am I right in
23 my recollection, I did not take down his words, but I
24 recall him speaking about maps and dividing
25 Bosnia-Herzegovina. Do you recall him speaking about
1 those matters?
2 A. Yes.
3 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Did you know him?
4 A. Yes.
5 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Did you ever see that
6 clip before today?
7 A. I think it was shown in the programme, the
8 break up of Yugoslavia, the BBC movie. And I did watch
9 that BBC film. And I remember that he appeared in that
10 film. And I can tell you, quite frankly, that any maps
11 about a division, I never saw. Whether he knows
12 anything about that, I never discussed that with him.
13 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: I understand that
14 perfectly. You, yourself, have never had any knowledge
15 of maps. But, looking at the television programme at
16 the time, did you have any reason to think that he was
17 not telling the truth?
18 A. The TV programme was done quite fairly and
19 honestly and I omitted to mention throughout my
20 testimony here that I joined political life in 1939. I
21 joined the communist movement. The communist movement
22 very emphatically, but very emphatically, accused the
23 Serbian and Croatian bourgeois of dividing Bosnia. And
24 ever since 1939 for some 50, 60 years, and even before
25 that actually, the communists had an entirely different
1 concept. In the war of 1941, they decided that Bosnia
2 had to be an equal state, one of the federal units.
3 And for us communists --
4 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Professor, perhaps I
5 should explain. I am not asking about your own
6 position. I am only asking whether at the time you
7 thought that Mr. Letica was not telling the truth.
8 A. I can't give you a very clear answer.
9 Because Letica too is not very clear. He said there
10 were maps, but he did not say I saw those maps. And I
11 never asked him, so I don't know. I just wanted to end
12 by saying that we communists were very rigid and this
13 entered our blood stream, the belief that Bosnia had to
14 prevail, that it had to exist.
15 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: I understand your
16 position perfectly, Professor.
17 May I ask you a supplementary question on
18 this point. At the time when you saw this clip, did
19 anyone in authority in Croatia come forward to assert
20 that Mr. Letica was not telling the truth?
21 A. In Zagreb, there was no public debate in
22 political and scientific circles about this programme,
23 so that I didn't have the opportunity to hear what
24 individuals or the public thought about this TV
25 programme or specifically about Letica.
1 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Now, Professor, we know
2 that from what you have said that you have objected for
3 the reasons which you have given, was a division of
4 Bosnia-Herzegovina. That is your position. Would I be
5 right in understanding you to mean that the fact that
6 you objected to the division of Bosnia-Herzegovina,
7 implied that you knew it was a plan to divide
8 Bosnia-Herzegovina? That is what you objected to?
9 A. In political life in the mass media and in
10 the public in general, the topic of Bosnia was
11 constantly on the agenda. And I often reacted to this
12 story about Bosnia-Herzegovina, saying that we have to
13 abide by the 1974 constitution. But in concrete terms,
14 I cannot say anything more than I have already said. I
15 am a little tired too.
16 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: I understand. And I
17 wouldn't weary you too much. I am about to conclude in
18 one or two more modest questions, if I may. The
19 president may have his little quota to add -- I
20 shouldn't say little, but he will have his quota to
21 add, but I am sure he will take note of your desire to
22 escape, shall we say.
23 Now, you were, Professor, a member of the
24 commission, the commission was established formerly by
25 law, by proclamation, by edict, how was it set up?
1 A. The term used was not a commission, but an
2 expert group, which was to question the other side as
3 to its intentions regarding Bosnia-Herzegovina and
4 generally to get an idea of the strategy. In those
5 dramatic circumstances, which were extremely dramatic,
6 and the war was impending, and we needed to know what
7 the other protagonists in the drama were thinking, and
8 in that context this was this talk about
10 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Were there any terms of
11 reference of the expert group?
12 A. No. Absolutely none.
13 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Now, the commission
14 encountered some difficulties which you have
15 explained. Were those difficulties related to the
16 principle of dividing Bosnia-Herzegovina, or did they
17 relate to difficulties arising from implementation of
18 the principle of dividing Bosnia-Herzegovina?
19 A. The question is a very good one and most
20 inspiring, even for my future reflections.
21 Psychologically, mentally, whichever way you
22 want me to put it, we were obsessed with the problem of
23 the totality of the political conflict on the soil of
24 the former Yugoslavia, and our attention focused -- we
25 were simply -- I can't find the right word. We were so
1 preoccupied with the problem of whether we would emerge
2 from an impossible situation, or would blood flow in
3 streams. And for this reason the expert group focused
4 on the problems of Yugoslavia as a whole.
5 First we needed to resolve the question of
6 Yugoslavia as a whole, and we will solve it if we stick
7 to the rule that the republics are states and thereby
8 we will avoid war. That is how the whole debate --
9 rather than being dedicated to Bosnia-Herzegovina, 59
10 per cent of it was orientated towards Yugoslavia as a
12 What Serbia's project was regarding the whole
13 of Yugoslavia and what Croatia's project was regarding
14 the whole of Yugoslavia, we were simply intoxicated by
15 this problem and this topic, and a way out of the
17 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: One remaining little
18 area of interest. In your -- in speaking of your
19 correction, your published partial correction of the
20 Nacional article, it was said there, and I recorded the
21 terms: "This has not substantially distorted what I
23 In other words, in your correction you were
24 pointing out certain errors, but you were saying,
25 "Those errors have not substantially distorted what I
1 said." Do you remember that part? And you wrote that
2 correction with your own hand or typewriter.
3 Would that statement also apply to the
4 unpublished part of your correction? Would you be
5 prepared to say, in relation to the unpublished part of
6 your correction --
7 A. In this retraction, I also said that the
8 interpretation regarding the future obstacles to the
9 division of Bosnia-Herzegovina were not given by
10 President Tudjman, but that I was the one who told them
11 that. But they left that out. They probably had a
12 particular design in mind.
13 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: We all know what
14 difficulties reporters can be.
15 So let me ask one last question. If
16 President Tudjman and President Milosevic had an
17 agreement to divide Bosnia-Herzegovina, would you
18 regard that as a matter of substance? Would I then be
19 right in supposing --
20 A. If you wish to hear my personal opinion then,
21 not today -- not just today but then at the time, I
22 thought that those two leaders wanted to manoeuvre each
23 other and to outwit each other by various proposals and
24 ploys. On one hand to delay the war as far as Croatia
25 was concerned, and as far as Serbia is concerned, to
1 attract Croatia to involve it in a game that would not
2 have been to the benefit of Croatia. That is why I
3 said that our mission of the expert group had mostly to
4 do with Yugoslavia as a whole.
5 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Politicians, every so
6 often, engage in playing poker games with one another.
7 We know that. You know the expression, "poker game"?
9 Now, if your first published statement in
10 Nacional referred to an agreement made at Karadjordjevo
11 between the two presidents, then would I be right in
12 supposing that the retraction which you later made was
13 not intended to apply to that matter?
14 A. In the part that I was referring to the three
15 obstacles, that did apply, that is that it was not true
16 that I said that to President Tudjman, but I said it to
17 them. Otherwise, I'm afraid I didn't get the gist of
18 your question.
19 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Oh, let me put it back
20 this way then: In your retraction, you said that the
21 errors of which you complained did not distort the
22 substance of the first publication. And my second
23 question was this: If the first publication quoted you
24 or referred to you as referring to Karadjordjevo as
25 establishing an agreement to divide Bosnia-Herzegovina,
1 would you regard that as a matter of substance?
2 A. In my response, a part of which was left out,
3 I said, first of all, that it was to them that I spoke
4 about those three obstacles; and secondly, I said that
5 I never saw any maps, and for some strange reasons,
6 they left that out of my retraction.
7 I tried to write a third retraction, but you
8 see, sometimes the newspaper editors have rather unfair
9 treatment of the author, and they wish to give the
10 impression that they will not change their own
11 positions or their own policies.
12 JUDGE SHAHABUDDEEN: Professor, you encourage
13 me to ask further questions, but it's five minutes to
14 6.00. You're not so well, and Madam herself is not so
15 well, so I will turn the matter back to the President.
16 JUDGE JORDA: Thank you. Yes, indeed. The
17 witness had requested that we be able to finish this
18 evening, so if Judge Riad or Judge Shahabuddeen, if you
19 have any more questions to ask, you may do so.
20 I see. Very well. I understood you to say
21 that you are tired. It has been a very long
22 examination-in-chief and a long cross-examination, but
23 I have a need for some clarification.
24 How long have you been in opposition to
1 A. Yes, I am. As a member of the Central
2 Committee of the Communist party of Croatia, I took
3 part in the continuity of that party which changed its
4 name and became the Social Democratic Party, and which,
5 of course, performed radical changes of its ideology
6 and politics, rejecting the essential traits of
7 Communism. One a uniparty system, second a
8 single-party system, Marxist ideology, the economy, and
9 accepted a multi-party system quite truthfully, adopted
10 market mechanisms and so on and so forth.
11 JUDGE JORDA: Now I'm going to get to my
12 question. I'm sorry for interrupting you. My question
13 is very simple. You are in opposition. How long have
14 you been in opposition to Mr. Tudjman? That's a very
15 clear, simple question. '88, '89, '90?
16 A. We have been the opposition since the time of
17 the formation. That is when we lost power. We lost
18 power, the Communists, the former Communists, we lost
19 power in May, in the first parliamentary elections of
20 May 1990. And we were forced at the time to join the
21 opposition, and to the present day we have been the
22 opposition, hoping that perhaps at the next elections
23 we will once again take part in the formation of a new
24 ruling power.
25 JUDGE JORDA: All right. I understand that
1 is the objective of every opposition is to try to form
2 a new government.
3 If I understand correctly, Mr. Tudjman would
4 call upon you as an advisor. And what kind of
5 functions would you carry out? Are they secrete, are
6 they official or unofficial? He would perhaps ask of
7 you to go on a mission, perhaps to Serbia. What type
8 of role did you play? And I imagine it must not have
9 been a very comfortable one. Do you understand my
11 Were you a confidante of President Tudjman,
12 or did he call on for other purposes? I don't quite
13 understand your role.
14 A. Thank you. Since 1939, we were the members
15 of the Communist movement. Both of us were Communists,
16 therefore, both of us were partisan for four years.
17 Both of us --
18 JUDGE JORDA: Yes. I understood all of that,
19 but if you want us to let you go very early or very
20 quickly, please try to respond directly to the
22 A. Then we continued privately from the former
23 regime. We considered to have contacts from time to
24 time. And when we had to go to Belgrade, he started
25 out from the fact that I lived in Belgrade for 20
1 years, and that I knew many people there, particularly
2 the Belgrade intelligencia, and it was quite normal for
3 him to come to the conclusion that a man of my format,
4 who knows the politicians of Serbia and the
5 intellectuals of Serbia, would be useful to establish
7 JUDGE JORDA: That's a very clear answer.
8 Now, the following question I'd like to ask is about
9 your party. I understand that you are an imminent
10 member of your party.
11 Now, in its own platform, during all these
12 events, did that include a very clear opposition to the
13 issue of Bosnia? Was that one of the central matters
14 in opposition to Tudjman, or did you have other
15 opposition platforms dealing with culture, dealing with
16 the economy, et cetera, or was that a very important
18 And when you met with Mr. Tudjman, because as
19 we've said, you were friends, you said, "My party will
20 not accept that position with regards to that issue."
21 The central point, the pivotal point of the
22 divergence of views between the party and myself lay in
23 the fact that we had a different project with respect
24 to the manner of privatisation of the former socially
25 owned property, with regard to relationships towards
1 the mass media, with respect to the relationship
2 towards state -- legally governed state, based on the
3 very rule of law. And we, who for 50 years tried to
4 realise an ideology, encountered a debacle. We
5 failed. And we considered that we would have to enter
6 a bourgeois society much more decisively, and to
7 develop institutions -- all civil institutions on the
8 multi-party type. And it is the practice of the side
9 that triumphs that once it comes into power, by its
10 very nature, regardless of who the individuals are, it
11 does have the tendency towards authoritarianism.
12 We, however, feel that we have been healed of
13 that disease. I think so. Perhaps we'll be bad too
14 once we come into power, and that is the central
16 JUDGE JORDA: Yes. I understand. We are not
17 here in a political Tribunal, but let me continue with
18 my line of reasoning.
19 So I understand your party was a classical
20 opposition party which had differences with the party
21 in power on various issues. But during the crucial
22 years in 1988 to 1990, given the tragedy that was
23 preparing, in your annual meetings of your party, did
24 it ever issue any strong oppositions, as I have
25 understood, of the maintenance of the internal
1 borders? Is that the case, or did you not deal with
2 that issue?
3 A. Communist Party of Croatia was well-known
4 that it was too -- overly-Titoist, and that it was
5 rigid in standing behind the principles of the
6 inviolability of inter-republic borders. And not only
7 that, but we did not, up until the beginning of the
8 downfall of Yugoslavia, we never and even in our
9 imaginations and let alone in reality, did we think
10 that we would agree to a change of borders. We never
11 did that. For us, that was a cannon for the
12 Communists. A dogma, their creed.
13 JUDGE JORDA: I see. So the question I would
14 like to ask now is that during this entire development
15 of a propaganda both in Central Bosnia and perhaps also
16 in Zagreb, and in respect of this possibility for some
17 sort of annex, whether on a cultural basis or
18 historical basis in which this part of Bosnia should
19 become part of Greater Croatia, my question is the
20 following: Did your party do anything? Did it not
21 only state its position but did it also carry out any
22 action? Did it publish any articles? Did it denounce
23 this type of propaganda? Did it state that
24 International Humanitarian Law would be put at risk and
25 all other republics would end up losing...
1 Did your party do anything? And I assume you
2 also heard this propaganda. What is your feeling on
3 that issue? How did your party define itself in
4 relation to that?
5 A. Let me first put right something I said a
6 moment ago. When I said that we were in the opposition
7 from the very first days, I forgot to mention that in
8 the summer of 1991, at the moment of an all-embracing
9 war with the JNA and Serbia, that the so-called
10 government of democratic unity was set up in which the
11 vice-president of my party was the vice-premier of that
12 government of the new regime, and he was there in that
13 post for about one year or a little less, and then in
14 real terms it definitely became what it did.
15 The party never, because we didn't know, at
16 least the public did not know and we did not know, the
17 party never decidedly, at the time when the news came
18 that the meeting was held in Karadjordjevo, it did not
19 decisively say anything, but it always repeated that it
20 stands -- it assumes the positions of the inviolability
21 of the borders of Bosnia-Herzegovina. Not only that
22 particular party, but this was the stand assumed by the
23 Croatian Popular Party, the Croatia Peasants Party.
24 All of them took that position, all the three or four
25 major parties. The others are not important. They all
1 came out for an unified Bosnia.
2 But you know, when a nation finds itself in
3 war, then the opposition has to retract its horns
4 somewhat. And in order to -- for the purposes of
5 defence, I must state a fact that perhaps you don't
6 know. Never in the history of Croatia did an event
7 occur which occurred in 1990 and 1991, in the war, and
8 that is that three men could not be found who would
9 move towards the side of the aggressor. This fact
10 happened for the first time in the history of Croatia.
11 Croatia, in the Second World War, was tragically
12 divided into two armies which fought for four years,
13 but in this war this did not happen.
14 So as I say, the war and the aggression
15 unified the people to such an extent that the
16 opposition, under such circumstances, did not wish, nor
17 could it sharply criticise the ruling party, because
18 the public would see this as an attack on the newly
19 created state of Croatia, and, therefore, the
20 opposition refrained from doing so.
21 Now it has no such considerations, no such
23 JUDGE JORDA: Thank you. I understand that
24 when there are tragic events like this one, the
25 opposition party is obliged to try to nuance its
2 My following question is the following:
3 Given the traditional basis of your party and the
4 revolutionary history of Communism, during the war
5 against -- when the war against Serbia ended, if it had
6 been proven before you that your country, here we are
7 no longer in the tragic situation of national unity, if
8 it had been proven in one way or another that your
9 country had participated in one way or in another in a
10 plan to infiltrate, or military actions or propaganda
11 into Bosnia, if that had been the case, would you have
12 condemned such an act?
13 A. If it had the power of doing so, it would not
14 have done that, and that emanates from its political
15 strategy, its political doctrine.
16 JUDGE JORDA: Thank you very much. You have
17 fully answered all of the questions. I understand you
18 must be very tired, Professor. I hope that you will be
19 able to catch your plane, and that above all, when you
20 return you will have better news about your wife.
21 Would you like to add something, perhaps?
22 No? Otherwise, it is ended.
23 A. Yes, I do. Your Honours, I am fully
24 conscious of the vast responsibility that you have
25 taken upon yourselves, because although right and law
1 focuses on man and the individual, you yourselves not
2 only have a man before you, an individual, but you have
3 several nations before you, nations which have gone
4 through this terrible catastrophe.
5 I know full well that you have your
6 consciences and you are aware of the lofty burden that
7 you are bearing, but I have a very happy experience,
8 that is that the Trial Chamber has demonstrated here
9 legal ethics, a Code of Conduct, a legal Code of
10 Conduct which I have found very pleasant, and I must
11 say that I find that your correct attitude is to be
13 If I have helped you in clarifying the
14 situation to you, I am very happy. And as I say, you
15 have a very difficult task you, and as they say, may
16 God help you in your deliberations.
17 Thank you once again. I am happy to have had
18 the opportunity of helping you.
19 JUDGE JORDA: Professor, I can tell you
20 already now that you have aided us a great deal, and I
21 can speak on behalf of my colleagues when I say you
22 have our gratitude for having spent two very long days,
23 and we wish you a very serene and agreeable return to
24 your family.
25 Do not leave, do not move as yet. Tomorrow,
1 I believe, Registrar, we are meeting at 10.00 in the
3 THE REGISTRAR: That is correct, Your
5 JUDGE JORDA: Therefore, we all stand
7 --- Whereupon hearing adjourned at 6.15
8 to be reconvened on the 10th day of
9 September, 1998 at 10.00 a.m.

WPU Lunch & Learn Series: Rev. R. Lee Carter, Ph.D.
Main Parlor, 1st Floor Main Building
Wed Nov 13th, 2013
12:00 p.m. - 01:30 p.m.
William C. Bennett Chaplain
William Peace University is pleased to open to the public our annual Lunch & Learn Series.
Rev. Dr. R. Lee Carter, William Peace University's William C. Bennett Chaplain, will be the guest speaker for the WPU Community at November's Lunch & Learn.
Dr. Carter's topic will speak on “The Myths We Live By.” Dr. Carter will examine myths not as “lies” or “ignorant imaginings,” but as the stories that shape perceptions of the world and of others, stories that shape identities as persons and as stories that provide direction for facing life’s challenges and for finding a way through it’s different stages.
"Myths are springs of our collective wisdom, from ancient times to the present and have parallels in cultures around the world, Dr. Carter said. "If we all live our lives through myths, then our consciousness of these stories helps us better determine which we have outgrown(and need to be discarded) and which might provide for us a better paradigm for effective living."
The event will include a bag lunch provided by Sodexo. Register early!
Event Time: 12:00 p.m.
Event Location: Main Parlor
Tickets: $10 Adults / $5 Students (Note: a 3% entertainment tax is included in the ticket price.)

Getting all the info you need on Andre Padilla need not be a problem. With PeopleFinders.com, you can be privy to various types of data about Andre Padilla including age, recent addresses, phone numbers, and much more on PeopleFinders.com. Based on your search, we found a Andre Padilla who was born in [YOB] and is 49 years old. Andre lives in Longmont, CO and is related to [RELATIVES]. Join today to find out more.
Our aim is to aid you in your search for Andre Padilla in the least possible time. To this effect, we offer snippets of data that you can explore to find the correct [First] Andre Padilla Padilla. This data includes names of relatives, previous residences, and phone numbers. If, by chance, you don't find the Andre you're trying to trace listed on this page, try finding the person based on their last name Padilla listed below.
For faster access to public records for Andre Padilla, you can modify your search by utilizing the search fields above. Simply enter in any additional info you have - middle name, city, state and/or age - for more pertinent results. Subscribe now to find important information about Andre Padilla.

WASHINGTON -- Dodgers left-hander Ted Lilly threw a simulated game before his team's series opener against the Nationals on Friday, as he continues to come back from a neck injury.
Lilly said he threw about 20 pitches and used his whole arsenal while facing center fielder Matt Kemp, who also is on the disabled list. Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said the plan is for Lilly to do the same on Saturday, take a couple of days off, then throw a "multiple-inning" simulated game next week when the team is in Toronto.
Lilly said he "felt good" during the outing, but isn't sure when he will be ready to return. He hasn't pitched for the Dodgers since June 4 and has made five starts on the season while spending three stints on the DL. The 37-year-old made two rehab starts for Class A Rancho Cucamonga before the All-Star break, but wasn't sure if would need any additional rehab games.
Considering the toll the injuries have taken, Lilly's plan is to return to the Dodgers as a reliever, despite the fact he hasn't appeared in that role since 2003.
"That's what he's wanting to do," Mattingly said. "In Teddy's words -- and I don't want to totally put the words in his mouth -- but he's feeling like his body is not responding to 90 pitches, and he's got a better chance of responding to 20 or 25. He's thinking his body's going to hold up a little bit better in a relief role, and so that's what we're trying to do."

Top 10 Cribs
Top 10 Cribs
Top Ten Unique Baby Cribs – Bambi Baby
Your baby’s crib is his or her safe haven. To help you choose a special one, we’ve rounded up our top 10 cribs in terms of style, price, efficiency, safety, and uniqueness. We have chosen our best selling and most unique cribs from Pali, Bonavita, Sorelle and Fisher Price in an effort to make the decorating process easier for you.
The Pali cribs we’ve chosen are the Mantova and Salerno cribs for their beauty, style, and guaranteed safety. Made from solid wood, your Pali crib will be guaranteed to last well beyond your little one’s young years.
Similarly to how Pali and Sorelle cribs are stylish, safe, and long lasting investments, we chose the Tuscany 4 in 1 crib, as well as the Verona Collection in espresso. The 4 in 1 is unbelievably helpful and space efficient for new parents, while the Verona is a timeless classic for any nursery. The cribs in both of these collections can be converted into twin and full sized beds, and the changing table in the Tuscany Collection is always detachable to suit your nursery’s needs.
Each collection we chose for the top 10 appeals to different families for a variety of reasons. Browse our collections to find one that’s right for yours

“My dear Doctor, they’re all true… especially the lies.”
There are many reasons why I love Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and why it remains my favorite of the Star Trek franchise.
Reason #28: The Wire
What’s the truth behind why Garak (Andrew Robinson) was exiled to Deep Space Nine? Who was he before he became a simple tailor and friend to Doctor Bashir (Alexander Siddig). “The Wire” doesn’t exactly answer these questions so much as tease us with possibilities when Garak’s sudden erratic behavior causes Bashir to delve more deeply into his friend’s past.
In the Second Season episode, Garak’s deteriorating mental health and emotional outbursts are traced back to a piece of Cardassian biotechnology implanted in the tailor’s brain. Although Bashir initially suspects in was put in place by the Obsidian Order to punish Garak, he later discovers Garak did this to himself. The implant, which was only meant to be used sparingly and is now breaking down, stimulates the pleasure centers of his brain allowing the tailor to live through his dreary existence on the station.
While trying to help Garak, Bashir is the same story several different times about the final day of the Bajoran Occupation and a shuttle full of escaped Bajoran prisoners and Cardassian civilians. In one version Garak’s treason was to let the shuttle go, in another it was destroying it, and then there’s a third where his best friend Elim planted evidence of Garak committing the crime before Garak could do it to him first.
Aside from delivering a couple of great performances from Robinson and Siddig, the episode also marks the first time a female director (Kim Friedman) was used on the show. Friedman would return to direct five more episodes over the course of the show’s seven-year run.
“The Wire” is one of the more dramatic episodes of the show and is important for revealing several key pieces of information which would be used over the course of the series. We see that although Garak may eventually speak the truth, he’ll do so only in riddles and a web of lies. The show gives us the name of Cardassia Prime, the first appearance of Enabrain Tain (Paul Dooley), the revealation of Garak’s first name is in fact Elim, and the first mention of the Obsidian Order and reveal of how important Garak once was to the Cardassian spy network. It also gives us one of the show’s best closing lines as Bashir tries to pry the truth from his friend about which of the stories he told is the truth. Garak simply smiles and tells him they are all true, “especially the lies.”

Although some reports indicated that the wind power sector in China showed minimal growth in 2013, the actual situation was not so grim. Recently released statistics pointed to a recovery in the industry, with newly installed capacity rising 24 percent year on year, the bid invitation price rising nearly 15 percent, and the average year-on-year annual wind farm utilization time increasing by more than 100 hours. Newly installed capacity is expected to maintain a growth rate of 20 percent over the next few years, as the grid connection becomes easier and the Chinese government establishes more favorable policies.
Data for 2013 show the wind power industry in China has bottomed out. Last year, the industry recorded newly installed capacity of 16.1 GW, 24 percent more than the 13.0 GW installed in 2012 and bringing the total to 90 GW. The recovery was also reflected in the bid-invitation price for wind turbine generators, which improved to 4,000 yuan ($US 670)/KW in 2013 from a low of 3,600 yuan ($US 600)/KW in June 2011.
According to Shi Pengfei, Honorary Chairman of the Chinese Wind Energy Association, there were three main reasons for the recovery. Firstly, the Ministry of Finance has begun to pay the additional subsidies for renewable energy up front, significantly reducing the time necessary for developers to obtain the subsidies so they can be turned around and deployed. Secondly, the decline in the coal price vastly improved the financial positions of China’s five largest power generation groups, allowing them to allocate more investment in the renewable energy sector. Lastly, developers have realized that they can no longer so viciously cut the bid-invitation price for wind turbine generators, as this would lead to poor quality equipment and in turn have a negative effect on their productivity. In the first half of 2013, the capacity in tender invitations totaled 8.8 GW, an increase of 100 percent year on year.
The limitation on wind power supply saw relief last year, with the average wind farm utilization exceeded 2,000 hours, compared with 1,900 hours in 2012, according to Shi Lishan, Deputy Head of the New and Renewable Energy Division at the National Energy Administration.
In 2014, several favorable policies will be rolled out. At the beginning of the new year, the National Energy Administration issued the Notice on Building Offshore Wind Power Projects, according to which the administration will choose several of the larger projects in several provinces this year as the ones to develop, said Shi. In addition, the watchdog organization will issue the long-awaited Quota Management Methods on Renewable-Energy Power, a document delineating a clear schema for the quota distribution of renewable energy for power generating companies, grid companies and provinces. This will allow all parties to deploy more wind power and PV power projects as the seek to make full use of their quotas.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Science and Technology will kick off a batch of research projects to support of the development of the wind power sector, according to Qin Haiyan, secretary general of the Chinese Wind Energy Association.
China aims to install 18 GW of wind power projects in 2014. Findings at the recently concluded National Energy Working Conference 2014 revealed that the country is on track to approve 14 GW of wind power projects (60 percent of which will be distributed projects). In addition, the country aims to bring the price for wind and solar power in alignment with that for thermal power by 2020.
Lead image: Wind turbines via Shutterstock

ports/69695: update: net/unison to link under ocaml 3.08
daniel+gnats at pelleg.org
Wed Jul 28 13:40:19 UTC 2004
The following reply was made to PR ports/69695; it has been noted by GNATS.
From: Dan Pelleg <daniel+gnats at pelleg.org>
To: freebsd-gnats-submit at FreeBSD.org, janos.mohacsi at bsd.hu,
ports at FreeBSD.org, eugos at gmx.net
Cc: Jesse Guardiani <jesse at wingnet.net>
Subject: Re: ports/69695: update: net/unison to link under ocaml 3.08
Date: Wed, 28 Jul 2004 09:30:13 -0400
The proposed patch, however simple, breaks compilation under ocaml 3.07.
The unison team is not likely to produce patches that work for both 3.07
and 3.08 .
At this point, the options as I see them are:
1. Patch unison so it builds for both versions. See .
2. Add logic to the port so it can patch conditionally, depending on the
installed version of ocaml.
3. Forget about support for 3.07. This will break systems that had
installed ocaml previously, and now want to install unison.
To me it seems option (2) is best, and is likely to benefit other ports as
well. This has been done for mldonkey in ports/61012. But if there is a more
general approach (unison has no configure script), it sure would be nice to
just branch on version of the installed ocaml.
More information about the freebsd-ports-bugs

The body of a woman, believed to be the wife of former high-flying businessman Alan Bond, has been found at their home in the Perth beachside suburb of Cottesloe.
Police said on Saturday there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of the 57-year-old woman.
A police spokeswoman said they received a call about the death from St John Ambulance officers at about 1130 WST.
Police would not be releasing the name of the woman until all her family had been notified, she said.
Channel Ten in Sydney said the dead woman was Diana Bliss, the wife of Mr Bond.
On Saturday afternoon media crews were in position across the street from the large two-storeyed stone residence overlooking the sea.
Police were at the scene earlier and a coroner's vehicle that left the house is believed to have carried away the woman's body.
Police would conduct an inquiry for the coroner, the police spokeswoman said.
Mr Bond could not be contacted for comment but the Perth Now news website said Sue Parks, a publicist for the Bond family, had said the family did not want to make any statement at this stage.
Mr Bond married Ms Bliss in 1995 after divorcing his first wife Eileen Bond in 1992.
The 73-year-old, linked to one of the biggest corporate collapses in Australian history, was declared bankrupt in 1992 and in 1997 was sentenced to four years in jail for fraud.

FREE SHIPPING BOTH WAYSON EVERY ORDER!
Because Knetbooks knows college students. Our rental program is designed to save you time and money. Whether you need a textbook for a semester, quarter or even a summer session, we have an option for you. Simply select a rental period, enter your information and your book will be on its way!
Ideal for undergraduates with little or no science background, Earth Science provides a student-friendly overview of our physical environment that offers balanced, up-to-date coverage of geology, oceanography, astronomy, and meteorology. The authors’ texts have always been recognized for their readability, currency, dynamic art program, delivery of basic principles and instructor flexibility. The Fourteenth Edition incorporates a new active learning approach, a fully updated and mobile visual program, and MasteringGeology™–the most complete, easy-to-use, engaging tutorial and assessment tool available.
Note: You are purchasing a standalone product; My_Lab/Mastering does not come packaged with this content. If you would like to purchase both the physical text and My_Lab/Mastering search for ISBN-10: 0321934431/ISBN-13: 9780321934437. That package includes ISBN-10: 0321928091/ISBN-13: 9780321928092 and ISBN-10: 0321943147 /ISBN-13: 9780321943149.
My_Lab/Mastering is not a self-paced technology and should only be purchased when required by an instructor.

This page contains Cheats for Darksiders 2 organized by sections for Playstation 3. Darksiders 2 is a Action Adventure game, made by Vigil Games, released on Aug 14, 2012 and published by THQ. If you can't find a hint or secret in our list, then please check this page periodically for the latest updates.
To unlock the following PS3 Trophies, complete the following tasks:...From: Anon0407
To unlock the following PS3 - Secret Trophies, complete the following tasks:...From: Doren
Just go to darksiders 2 facebook page and like the app then just follow the 2 or 3 steps it give you after that if gives you the code for the axe....From: hourie56
Inside "Chapter Five: Heart of the Mountain" Mission "Road to the Foundry", you will locate the Spectral Scythes within a hidden treasure chest towards far left of your entrance to...From: Yaposhka
When battling Bheithir, bring her towards the right section from the platform. You are walking in reverse when you're locked by her like a target. When timed properly, you should fall down on a tiny l...From: puppypower
Watch this video to guide you to all GnoMAD Gnomes locations in Darksiders 2:...From: heng
The Arbiter's Maze is found in the Land Of The Dead, near the City Of The Dead. Inside Soul Arbiter's Maze, every level has got 2 ways you'll be able to choose. Use 1 set of directions to get to a hig...From: missba
Watch this video guide how to find the Relic Of Etu-Goth locations...From: GTACHRIS
Watch this video guide how to find the Relic Of Khagoth locations...From: devlali
Watch this video guide how to find the Relic Of Renagoth locations...From: paddy4321
Watch this video guide how to find the Mystic Stonebit locations...From: jubuen
Watch this video guide how to find the Power Stonebit locations...From: kiba12184
Watch this video guide how to find the Resistance Stonebit locations...From: tagDawVionotow
Watch this video guide - Easy "Bravo Old Chap" achievement or trophy...From: SweetPan
Watch this video guide how to find the Pages Of The Dead - Kingdom Of The Dead locations...From: doyler
Watch this video guide how to find the Pages Of The Dead - Forgeland locations...From: valerie11
Watch this video guide how to find the Pages Of The Dead - Lostlight locations...From: AAluctHycle
Watch this video guide how to find the Pages Of The Dead - Shadow's Edge locations...From: emjean74
Stuck on this game? Set a specific, clearly defined question and let others answer your question or view answers to previously asked questions. If you think you are an Darksiders 2 expert then please try to help others with their questions.
How do you make him jump higher...like up walls...
Posted on: 08-06-2014
After defeating achidna and the 3rd lord how do I get out of that area... I can make it all the way back to before the first main room on the map but their is a gate that is up blo...
Posted on: 08-01-2014
After i defeat samael he disappears in lava. there is no broken pilar in the midlle of the lava area and i cant move fast foward to exit the chamber. please help...
Posted on: 01-17-2013
How do you defeat the 2 construct champions? Which weapon works the best?...
Posted on: 01-16-2013
How to open portal of shadow land? Please help......
Posted on: 11-24-2012
Wen putting in attack combows samaels health metre drains up, he disappears and yet im still on arena and can't get across 2 chest and house portal, plus I don't get key...
Posted on: 10-09-2012
My Question is how to make death fly?...
Posted on: 10-03-2012
I cant figure out how to change my spells i been using the same 4 since i started and i tried everything it jus wont let me do it... please help me!...
Posted on: 09-18-2012

Washington, DC — Teachers in a contaminated school complex are challenging the effectiveness, scope and integrity of their district’s hurried effort to clean classrooms while ignoring the source or extent of an array of other toxic chemicals found on campus, according to a letter released today by Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility (PEER). The teachers are asking the district to discharge its current environmental consultant and open its arrangements to public review and input.
The Malibu Middle and High Schools and Juan Cabrillo Elementary School have been in an uproar since a group of 20 teachers wrote to the district about recent cases of thyroid cancer, rashes, migraines, hair loss and other health effects they believe arose from their work environment. That was followed by the discovery that the Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District had removed tons of soil laced with organochlorine pesticides (chlordane and DDT), PCBs and other chemicals at levels well above safe levels back in 2011 without informing either parents or staff.
In the wake of these revelations and the adverse reactions they engendered, the district announced a hurried clean-up of several classroom areas. Despite a demand by concerned teachers represented by PEER that the district undertake a full site assessment which, at a minimum, meets U.S. Environmental Protection Agency protocols, the district took limited and conflicting actions by –
- Confining testing to PCBs found inside classroom caulk and fixtures, a wholly new concern that, while warranted because some samples exceeded federal standards, did not at all address the array of toxic chemicals found in soil across the campuses. No further soil testing has been done or is yet planned;
- Conducting air testing in classrooms with the windows open, rendering the tests useless; and
- Issuing a series of false and contradictory updates which left questions about what precisely was done, why and to what effect.
“None of what the district has done gets to the true nature and source of the contamination on campus,” stated PEER Senior Counsel Paula Dinerstein, noting that an environmental consultant engaged by the district appears to be impeding rather than aiding discovery of the actual condition. “PCB in caulk is a real issue but is being used to divert attention away from much broader contamination concerns.”
In today’s letter, the teachers protest the lack of transparency and seeming duplicity of Superintendent Sandra Lyon’s actions. They ask that copies of the contracts and communications with the district’s consultant and law firm be made public and that parents and teachers have a chance to review and comment upon bids for any future remediation work.
“The only way for the district to dispel what have become festering concerns is to start being completely transparent,” Dinerstein added. “While speed is important in addressing the contamination problems at the Malibu Schools, a hasty but ill-conceived, incomplete or inadequate plan will serve no one.”

Some things about Carolyn Woo are very “un-Chinese,” as she puts it. Joining a debating team as a teenager coming of age in Hong Kong was “a very un-Chinese activity,” she says. And her career in strategic planning? It was “an unlikely field for a Chinese person when I was young,” she says.
Perhaps Ms. Woo’s exposure to Maryknoll sisters from the United States, who educated her throughout her childhood in Hong Kong, had something to do with it. Even as a child she was impressed by the faith, creativity and enthusiasm of the sisters. “They were always joyful; they had great humor and great spirit,” she remembers. “Things were always fun, and they were not easily intimidated.”
Ms. Woo watched the Maryknoll sisters build schools and clinics and find ways to support the Vietnamese boat people then landing in Hong Kong. “The word cannot does not exist in their vocabulary,” Ms. Woo says. “When I look back, I think, ‘What entrepreneurial people.’ Every time there was any type of barrier, they found a way to overcome it and actually lead to a better outcome.”
Her experience with the Maryknoll order proved a lifelong inspiration. She devoted herself to understanding and promoting that entrepreneurial spirit as a student, then as a professor at Purdue University and, since 1997, as the Martin J. Gillen Dean of the Mendoza College of Business at the University of Notre Dame. This month, she will bring what she has learned about entrepreneurialism into a new role when she replaces Ken Hackett as president and chief executive officer of Catholic Relief Services. Mr. Hackett is retiring after 18 years at the helm.
Ms. Woo expects to bring her entrepreneurial expertise to her new job. “My role,” she says, “has always been looking at the future and seeing how an organization could be better positioned to be successful.” Ms. Woo says she has done that not only on the job at Mendoza but also as an advisor to corporations and not-for-profits and as a long-time member of the C.R.S. board of directors.
“Catholic Relief Services is a well-oiled machine in terms of day-to-day operations and its ability to deliver humanitarian relief,” says Ms. Woo. The agency is great “heads down,” working in disaster response and poverty mitigation in the field. The agency could benefit, she thinks, from someone who remains “heads up, looking at the major changes in our environment…to think about how do we need to position this organization, what new capabilities do we need to develop or restructure in the most optimal way to support the people’s work in the field?”
Thomas Harvey, the director of the Nonprofit Excellence Program at Mendoza, calls Ms. Woo “a woman of great compassion and drive.” He describes her as “intuitive and insightful; she can see what’s going on and she’s often a few steps ahead of other people.” This is a skill that can appear like micromanaging, Mr. Harvey says, but “the balance is she really relies on teams.” At Mendoza she has learned that “you don’t have to be afraid of rigor; you can demand excellence and still be liked,” Mr. Harvey says. She also learned how to turn around a faltering academic program. Mr. Harvey attributes the survival, indeed the flourishing of his program to Ms. Woo’s energy and determination and not least of all her fundraising skills.A Workday for Everyone
That last skill obviously will be of use in her new position. Catholic Relief Services already has proven itself, Ms. Woo says, as one of the more entrepreneurial relief and development agencies responding to humanitarian crises and fighting poverty around the world. Over the last decade the organization has grown from a $200 million dollar operation to a $1 billion humanitarian juggernaut. But entering an era that likely will include federal budget constraints and reduced disposable income among its bread-and-butter supporters within the Catholic middle class may be challenging.
Maintaining the level of support Catholic Relief Services needs for its many overseas commitments in this difficult environment will likely require the development of new skills, Ms. Woo says, and an ability to find new sources of revenue when government wells run dry. She believes the organization is well positioned to survive a period of consolidation and austerity. During such periods, she says, funders, both public and private, are often willing to support only the most reliable humanitarian actors. “C.R.S. is extremely well respected and is known for its fiscal stewardship and its ability to achieve positive outcomes no matter how complex” the situation, Ms. Woo says.
Noting that Ms. Woo is the first head of Catholic Relief Serviceto to come out of the business world, Gerald Powers, the director of Catholic peacebuilding studies at the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame, says Ms. Woo will “bring a new perspective to managing and promoting what is a large, complex global organization.” He expects, however, that she will continue Mr. Hackett’s commitment to a strong Catholic identity at the organization. In fact, her personal spirituality is among the professional tools she has come to rely on.
“I always try to remember: Do your very best, and leave the rest to the Holy Spirit,” she says. “Sometimes now before I go to work at Notre Dame, I start at the grotto, and I say, ‘Blessed Mother, Father, Son and the Holy Spirit, today is a workday and we all have to show up for work.’”
Ms. Woo grew up in a swirl of cultural influences during a time of tremendous dislocation and change. “I lived in Hong Kong, one of the most capitalist cities in the world, and I was raised in the Chinese culture but educated by Americans,” she said.
She watched Hong Kong grow from a sleepy fishing village in the 1950s into a dominant economic powerhouse. Adjusting to such dramatic changes and the at times contradictory forces that accompanied them, she says, created “a sense to trust in God, trust in the Holy Spirit, trust that whatever problem we are presented with is actually an opportunity, an invitation.”Tough Call
Mr. Powers says that at Mendoza Ms. Woo pioneered the integration of ethics into the business curriculum and developed innovative programs on social entrepreneurship and corporate social responsibility. “The business school under her leadership has served the Catholic community,” he says, by working with Catholic charities and hospitals around the country. Internationally Mendoza now connects its M.B.A. students with efforts to promote social change or heal traumatized societies through field study guided by the U.N. Global Compact. That international policy initiative commits international businesses to accountability for the broader social good in the communities they affect and to efforts to promote human rights and protect the environment.
Ms. Woo’s decision to accept the job offer from Catholic Relief Services took six months of discernment, mostly because she found it difficult to break with the colleagues and staff she worked with at Mendoza. Her new role will be far removed from the life of a university dean.
In relief work, Ms. Woo says, “you need to move very quickly; it’s a high velocity environment.” The work requires good decision making over a short period of time in complex and volatile situations. Then during the post-disaster period, when the focus shifts from saving lives to restoration and reconstruction, she says, a completely different set of organizational attributes is required. “Relief work is not over as soon as you put shelter on top of a person and they can be fed and [given] medical care,” she says. Their homes have been destroyed; their livelihoods taken away. “What about the rest of their lives?”
Responding to the tsunami in southeast Asia in 2004, which devastated coastal areas in nations all along the coast of the Indian Ocean, required a long-term plan. “Not everyone should stay or could stay there for such a long period of time,” Ms. Woo says, “but we did, to see through the whole reconstruction.”
Restoring Haiti after its devastating earthquake in 2009 has likewise required a long-term restoration campaign. The real work, Ms. Woo says, “actually begins after relief, so the key is how do we then respond to the new set of needs…. How do we sustain this work, particularly when it has a long-tail response? That is one of the strategic challenges to embrace. It has implications for funding; it has implications for new skills.”
Catholic Relief Services is one of the few major relief agencies still active in Haiti. “It is a very difficult reconstruction environment,” Ms. Woo says, “and it needs patience and...a lot of expertise and partners on the ground and on the site.”
Looking ahead, Ms. Woo expects that the organization will have its hands full with “normal” emergency responses to typhoons and earthquakes and conflict. The frequency of such disasters seems only to increase, she says. And there will be unexpected humanitarian challenges like the nuclear mess engendered by the earthquake and tsunami in northern Japan. The ongoing crisis in Fukushima has required unwelcome innovation in disaster response.
But disaster relief is not the agency’s only focus. Its global role in economic and community development has increased in importance in recent years. “It’s a different type of work,” Ms. Woo says, “agricultural projects, mapping farmers into the supply chain for large companies, education projects in Pakistan, peace and civil society building work.”
As she steps into her new role in Baltimore, Ms. Woo will focus on another area: the scope and effectiveness of the agency’s outreach to U.S. Catholics. How well has Catholic Relief Services used its experience and expertise to engage, inform and inspire U.S. Catholics, she asks. “I would say at this point,” she says, “that I would consider it more of a huge opportunity for us rather than a momentum we have established.” Many Catholics may be familiar with the C.R.S. rice bowl, but she wonders how many understand all the work that cardboard icon represents. She is particularly eager to engage young American Catholics and hopes to offer them more background on Catholic social teaching and to explain how C.R.S. brings that tradition to life through its many efforts.Full Circle
Mr. Harvey of Mendoza calls Ms. Woo’s success as an immigrant to the United States a tribute to the Maryknoll women who traveled halfway around the world to help “liberate and educate” girls like her. “Now she has opportunity to do the same on behalf of developing communities around the world,” he says.
It is a symmetry that Ms. Woo also notes. “I was born in Hong Kong to parents who chose to leave China because of the Communist government, so in some ways I was born to refugees; Hong Kong was a city of refugees.” Her appointment, she suggests, signals missionary work that has now “come full circle.” The American church sent the Maryknoll sisters across the world to help a generation of children disoriented, like their parents, by the rapid political changes that drove them to an emerging metropolis. “I was the beneficiary of their work,” Ms. Woo says, “and today I am to lead the humanitarian relief agency of the U.S. Catholic Church.”
This is the “whole idea of the global church,” she says, and an expression of the opportunities life in the United States and the U.S. church has offered to her. Her personal success and the talent and skills she returns to the church through this new role, she says, are the “fruit of the missionary work of the Catholic Church”—work she is committed to continuing as she moves from South Bend to this next important chapter in her American journey.
View a slideshow of the work of Catholic Relief Services.

Samitivej Plastic Surgery Center, Sukhumvit
Samitivej Plastic Surgery Center is a full service plastic surgery center in the heart of Bangkok. We are located on the 6th floor, building 2 at Samitivej Sukhumvit Hospital.
Our clients are a mix of locals, local expats and plastic surgery tourists traveling to Thailand from all over the world.
Plastic Surgery Procedures
We specialize in breast surgeries such as breast augmentation, breast lift and breast reductions. We also do combination surgeries of breast lift with augmentation.
For body surgeries we do tummy tucks, liposuction and different kinds of lifting procedures. Lifting is basically the removal of excess skin. We do skin removal on stomach, thighs, buttock, breast (breast lift) and arms. We have significant experience in body lifts after significant weight loss.
We also do a number of facelifts in Thailand and nose jobs. As for the full list of face procedures see them here: full facelift, neck lift, mid-face lift, temporal lift, nose reduction/reshaping, nose augmentation and eyelid surgery.
Besides beauty surgeries we also carry out a full range of reconstructive surgeries.
Our doctor team is headed by Dr. Pichit Siriwan. Dr. Pichit has more than 20 years experience as a plastic surgeon and in his team you will find experienced board certified plastic surgeons such as Dr. Bhumsak, Dr. Suttisun, Dr. Pornthep, Dr. Montien.
Making an Appointment
Our plastic surgery center is a partnership with one of Thailand's largest plastic surgery groups “Destination Beauty”. To learn more about Plastic Surgery in Thailand please contact us today at email@example.com or call +66 27118661.
Special Package Prices:
- Breast Augmentation THB 129,000
- Breast Lift THB 149,000
- Breast Reduction THB 199,000
- Tummy Tuck THB 150,000
- Full Face Lift THB 259,000
- Open Rhino Plasty THB 150,000
- Nose Implant THB 39,000
- Eyelid Surgery THB 39,000
- Vaser Liposuction THB 69,000 per area (under 80 kgs)*
- Vaser Liposuction THB 74,000 per area (above 80 kgs)*
*Starts at 2 areas and above only.
The special plastic surgery package prices apply to client assuming no underlying diseases. Prices indicated are from prices, final price will always be confirmed at the face to face consultation. Feel free to request a specific quote by contacting our sales team: firstname.lastname@example.org or call +66 27118661
For clients residing outside of Thailand, we will be happy to receive your pictures and arrange for our surgeon to give the evaluation and quotation.

An engagement letter for auditing serves several purposes. For both the auditor and the client, it identifies the scope of work to be performed, the timeline in which it will be provided, the professional fee structure, and the limitations of the engagement. Accordingly, it's important to properly document the agreement for services prior to starting work on an audit.
Identify the scope of services to be rendered. To document your understanding regarding the services, the engagement letter should clearly state the professional services that will be provided. Thus, an audit client won't expect tax returns to be filed or consulting to be provided. The engagement letter should enumerate the related deliverables for the audit, including an evaluation of internal controls, and the preparation of the audit report and opinion letter at the conclusion of the engagement.
Establish the timeline for performing audit fieldwork. For scheduling purposes the engagement letter should identify the time frame in which it will be completed, since conducting certain audit procedures may require the staff's cooperation and the availability of corporate records. Also, the timeline should be specifically referenced in the engagement letter to avoid misunderstandings about audit-related regulatory deadlines.
Clearly establish the professional fee structure. To help avoid disputes regarding professional fees, the engagement letter should include billing rates for professional staff and partners, with an estimate of the total fees and costs, as well as specific provisions for travel and other direct cost reimbursement. Furthermore, it should be clear that no fees are contingent upon the outcome of the audit, as that would clearly affect the auditor's independence.
Disclaim any obligation regarding fraud detection. To limit professional liability, the engagement letter should state that the audit is limited to professional standards and GAAP purposes, and is not a comprehensive investigation regarding potential illegal activities, such as fraud detection.
Include a mediation or binding arbitration clause to help resolve any disputes. In the unfortunate event that a legal dispute does arise from the engagement, a mediation or arbitration clause can aid in the resolution of the matter by preventing formal litigation, thus significantly reducing the time and expense of both the client and the auditor in deciding the matter.
Obtain the client's signature or board member approval. To document the receipt and understanding of the engagement letter by the client, the auditor should take care to obtain a signed copy of the letter from an authorized client representative.
- Jupiterimages/BananaStock/Getty Images

Designed for use with removable outboard motors, these stands can be used for storing your boat motor when not in use. Three different styles and capacities accommodate a wide range of outboard motors, old and new! Portable to go where you want to go! Includes a one year warranty!
Outboard motor carts are a great solution for maintenance and storage of your boat motor. All motor carts have a 1" steel tubular frame with a black paint coating. The frame sits on pneumatic tires and two front stabilizer casters (casters available only on model # OMC-F315). Outboard motor hangers rest on a 1 1/2" thick synthetic block which will hold up to corrosive materials such as gas or oil. The carts have soft ergonomic handles which can be folded down by loosening the side bolts. The folding handle allows for more room in a garage or shed when storing your motor and keeps it out of the way when doing maintenance. The outboard engine stands are portable for use wherever you need!
The carts are available in three sizes, each with their own distinctive features. Model # OMC-F85 has an 85 lb weight capacity, perfect for small horse power motors. Model # OMC-F130 has 130 lb weight capacity and includes a bottom rack with strap for storing your boats gas can. Model # OMC-F315 has a 315 lb weight capacity and features a larger frame with two front casters for increased stability and maneuverability. All folding outboard motor carts include a one year warranty. Please Note: These boat motor carts ship unassembled.
- 1" thick tubular steel frame construction
- Painted black
- 3 styles to choose from with varying weight capacities
- Handle folds down for extra storage room
- Solid 1 1/2" thick hanger block for resting the motor
- Pneumatic tires
- Model# OMC-F315 includes 2 front casters for additional support
- Model# OMC-F130 includes a gas can rack with strap
- 1 year warranty
Warning and Usage Guidelines
OMC-F85 Instruction Manual
OMC-F130 Instruction Manual
OMC-F315 Instruction Manual
Review Summary (Based on 4 Reviews)
For the price you can't beat this motor stand. I have the one that holds the gas tank. works good and hold my 8 HP 4 stroke just fine.
I have a 30hp Mercury tiller outboard that weighs 180lbs for my 14ft inflatable boat. This cart is great for moving the o/b about from my garage to my dock and takes all the back breaking strain out of the operation. I do have a concrete ramp to my dock but if you have to move it on grass, you should buy the 4 wheel model.
This cart is perfect for my 5 hp outboard. There is also room for my trolling motor. It was easy to assemble and is very sturdy. I would definitely recommend this cart to anyone. Shipping was very fast. Thanks for a great product.
This cart is very solid for money. Good price. Rolls easily with outboard on cart. Assembly instructions are not very good. But not hard to figure out. Would buy again.

Comments or questions? We'd like to hear from you.
Este es el camino que puede seguir si busca bajas tarifas y el consejo experto de
un agente independiente.
Get an online insurance quote for your car, home, motorcycle, boat, RV and more,
and finish with an agent. The convenience of an easy, online quote, and the expertise
of a local, independent agent... now that's Progressive!
Independent insurance agents combine personal service and professional advice with Progressive's low rates. And there's one near you!
You can subscribe to have articles delivered to your preferred home page via RSS, saving you the time it takes to visit multiple sites. It's free and easy, give RSS articles a try!
Argonne Insurance Agency1510 N Argonne Ste H, Spokane Valley, WA 99212(509) 921-6809
Doty & Giles, Inc.1213 N Pines Rd, Spokane Valley, WA 99206(509) 924-7755
NORTH TOWN INS- VALLEY14700 E Indiana #1184, Spokane Valley, WA 99216(509) 928-1234
Stevens Ins Agency417 N Argonne Rd, Spokane Valley, WA 99212(509) 891-6760
Century Insurance Agency1406 N Pines Rd, Spokane Valley, WA 99206(509) 924-4424
Osprey Agency Inc.16201 E Indiana Ave Suite 1850, Spokane Valley, WA 99216(800) 214-1044
Capital Insurance1112 S. Pines Rd., Spokane Valley, WA 99206(509) 324-1398
Inland Northwest Insurance Inc12319 E Broadway, Spokane Valley, WA 99216(509) 892-6373
Stintzi Insurance Inc221 N. Argonne Rd., Spokane Valley, WA 99212(509) 922-4618
Copyright 1995-2015. Progressive Casualty Insurance
Company. All rights reserved.
We offer insurance by phone, online and through
and prices vary based on how you buy. You won't know which car insurance price is the lowest for you until
you get separate quotes from both an agent or broker, and from us directly. Progressive quotes available through
ProgressiveAgent.com are only for policies purchased through agents/brokers.

softale (188) - Michigan, USA - OCT 20, 2002
3.2 AROMA 6/10 APPEARANCE 3/5 TASTE 7/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 13/20
This was a pretty decent beer that I picked up just because I had never seen it on the shelf before. Color was very light hazy golden. Aroma was mostly hoppy with a wisp of spice. Taste was again slightly hoppy and refreshing. Relatively light bodied beer and left very little aftertaste. It would go very well with the cuisine for which it was intended - Italian. A little better than average beer overall.
hopdog (9461) - Lansdale, Pennsylvania, USA - APR 5, 2012
1.2 AROMA 2/10 APPEARANCE 2/5 TASTE 2/10 PALATE 2/5 OVERALL 4/20
12oz bottle. This one worries me as I just bought it, see that it is retired and the last rating is from 04. New Holland cap, so this is the right one. Hazy golden color with a small sized head. Aromas of rotten citrus rinds with some toasted grains. Tastes of really nothing. Watery with some grains.
Goblincat (386) - Westland, Michigan, USA - AUG 17, 2004
2.8 AROMA 5/10 APPEARANCE 3/5 TASTE 5/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 12/20
Pours a cloudy light-golden orange with a fluffy white long-lasting head. Nose comes off as a real light mix of apricot, orange hops and spice. Short bubbly mouthfeel with a slight touch of bitter, ending with a slightly metallic aftertaste.

New Delhi: Senior IAS officer Ajit M Sharan has been appointed as Member Secretary in National Commission for Women (NCW).
Sharan, a 1979 batch officer of Haryana cadre, will be in the rank and pay of Additional Secretary.
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has also appointed Rajiv Mehrishi, an IAS officer of 1978 batch of the Rajasthan cadre, as Secretary, Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs in the vacancy of Parvez Dewan, a 1977 batch IAS officer of Jammu and Kashmir cadre.
Mehrishi is presently Special Secretary, Department of Agricultural Research and Education, Ministry of Agriculture.
He will also hold additional charge of the post of Secretary, Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises for a period of three months with immediate effect or until further orders whichever is earlier.
The ACC has also approved the repatriation of T S Randhawa, 1979 batch IAS officer, to his Gujarat cadre with effect from September 28, 2012 along with the option to allow the officer to stay on and retire from the Government of India should he so wish, a release from the Department of Personnel and Training said today.
Pankaj Jain, 1978 batch IAS officer of Jammu and Kashmir cadre, as Secretary, Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation will hold additional charge of the post of Secretary, Department of Land Resources, Ministry of Rural Development with effect from October 1, 2012 for a period of three months or until further orders.

Cunningham is in the Central Till Plain natural region in Tippecanoe County. It contains 80 acres of forest.
- Forest and wildlife management
- Occurrence and abundance of acorn weevils in fragmented landscapes and effects of landscape pattern on animal-mediated acorn dispersal and seedling recruitment
- Teaching laboratory in which prescribed burning can be demonstrated to students

The Texas Book Festival takes over the Capitol complex this weekend in Austin.
Michele Deitch will be moderating a panel at the Texas Book Festival dealing with juvenile justice and the treatment of children and youth in Texas. The panel features two great authors--Bill Bush, the author of The State of Our Children: Texas as a Parent, on the history of juvenile justice crisis and reform in Texas, and Sherry Matthews, the author of an oral history of the Waco State Home--a children's home for neglected and dependent youth.
The session is Saturday, October 22nd from 1:30 - 2:30 pm, in the Capitol Extension, Rm. E2.014
Earlier coverage of Michele Deitch's work in juvenile justice is noted at the link.
The Trials of Eroy Brown: The Murder Case That Shook the Texas Prison System is Michael Berryhill's book on prison civil rights and the collapse of Jim Crow justice in Texas. He presents Brown's story in his own words, set against the backdrop of the chilling plantation mentality of Texas prisons. Berryhill chairs the journalism program at Texas Southern University. The program is moderated by Texas Monthly editor Nate Blakeslee.
It's Sunday, October 23rd from 11:00 - 11:45 am in Capitol Extension Room E2.014.
The event, will take place at Trinity University, from 7-9 p.m. in Laurie Auditorium, will be moderated by CMN Executive Director Karen Clifton.
Leaders from the following institutions are confirmed to attend: the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio; Mission Presbytery; the Episcopal Diocese of West Texas; the Evangelical Lutheran Church - Southwestern Texas Synod; Temple Beth-El; and the United Methodist Southwest Texas Conference.

- Azi Paybarah: Weiner falling in polls but still draws most attention; trying to leverage that
- He says Weiner slamming press, using media criticism to show he's ready to be NY mayor
- He says media criticism isn't over old details of sexting but new revelations Weiner kept doing it
- Paybarah: With primary looming, painting himself as independent may be his best shot
When the doors opened onto WABC's New York studios after the televised Democratic mayoral debate Tuesday night, reporters rushed in to surround two people. The first was Public Advocate Bill de Blasio -- in first place, according to a Quinnipiac University poll
released earlier in the day.
But the larger crowd was surrounding Anthony Weiner, the former congressman who is polling in fourth place and who spent much of the night being ignored by his rivals.
Weiner may have turned his once-promising campaign into a disaster with the recent fresh crop of sexting revelations, but he has not ceased being the star of the campaign, much to his rivals' chagrin.
Weiner is now reaching for a silver lining from the scandal that has cost him dearly in the polls and sealed off whatever long-shot chances he had at victory. He's taking all the unflattering, pun-filled stories about him and saying "that's what it's like to be mayor." He's turning his unflattering press into evidence of his mettle. So, the more fights with the media, the more chances he has to say he's independent, he's fighting, he's ready for City Hall.
Last week, he mocked a British reporter's accent
during an impromptu interview outside a public housing building where he was campaigning. Their exchange ended with him giving an unsolicited weather report to viewers in Britain. ("It's gonna be raining, cloudy and gray. So do what you can, guys," he said.)
While being mayor of New York is indeed akin to being in the eye of a media storm, what's happening to candidate Weiner is different.
He omitted a key detail in the redemption story that he brought to the race: Weiner continued sexting after resigning from Congress and tearfully telling the public how much pain it had caused his wife and those close to him. That is what is at the heart of the criticism. It's not the newness of the details but rather the newness of the facts.
But for a candidate who is less than a month away from the primary, there is little to do but continue. He has a reputation to salvage, issues to push and campaign money to spend. So, given the circumstances, the bad-news-is-proof-I'm-ready argument may be Weiner's only argument.
And so, in a live interview
with BuzzFeed Editor Ben Smith on Monday, Weiner fielded questions about his sexting scandal and the role his wife may play in an expected Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, and he accused the New York Times of "never" liking him, because of his independence. (In 2008, after an unflattering story about his frequent staff changes, Weiner told me the Times had become "tabloidy.")
Hours before Tuesday's debate, Weiner's campaign released a video showing the candidate happily announcing that he doesn't care what the New York Post or Daily News say about him, because he's so independent from them.
When Weiner launched his campaign in late April, it was viewed largely as an effort to rehabilitate his image after his 2011 scandal and resignation from Congress. Nobody wants the last words on this career to be "sex scandal," "resignation" or "disgrace." But Weiner has lost ground since his scandal resurfaced; just last month, polls had him leading the Democratic field.
On Tuesday night, Weiner tried painting the rivals on stage with him as all coming from the same political establishment that has long governed New York.
About halfway through the debate, Weiner said,
"My fellow New Yorkers, this is the problem," referring to his rivals, who had just been arguing with one another on stage. "You know they all come from basically the same place; they've been part of municipal government for decades now. They've all been part of it: a comptroller, a former comptroller, a public advocate, a speaker. They're from the same place."
He told viewers that if they wanted someone to "stop this noise," he was their candidate.
"Not for nothing," countered City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, "you were in government your whole career until you had to resign from government, so I'm not sure why you're finger-pointing at people in government."
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.

RENO, Nev. A perfect pairing of soups and sandwiches, two of the area's most popular restaurants teaming up Saturday to raise money for St. Vincent's Dining Room.
The event deemed the 'Unhostile Takeover' paired Gourmelt Food Truck and Süp together in a match made in heaven, and the line out the door of Süp in Midtown proved it.
"You know grilled cheese and soup go so well together," Jessie Watmas, co-owner of Gourmelt Food Truck said. "So if we could pair our sandwiches with their soups, and why not make it for a good cause."
The two restaurants teaming up to fight hunger. A portion of the proceeds were donated to St. Vincent's, a soup kitchen which serves
meals six days a week to the homeless and needy in our community.
Fans of both restaurants came out in full force to support the cause.
"You know both the Gourmelt girls and Süp are involved in the community, and I think that motivates us and everybody else to do the same," Justin Hartman said.
"You know, we're so blessed to have roofs over our heads, and enough to eat," Nina Sawyer said. "That's not the case for everybody in the community. So anything we can do to help a little bit is a good thing."
A small step, working towards something greater.
"Oh I'm sure there's more we can do," Kasey Chistensen, owner of Süp said. "Sometimes there's so much to be done that we don't do anything. I think taking that one step at a time, one thing at a time."
"Reno is great about helping, but I think that an event like this with so many fans of Süp and Gourmelt, maybe those who didn't know much about St. Vincent's, you know it will inspire them to give back and help," Kimberly Hartman said.
The event was such a success, both Süp and Gourmelt said they'll probably host another fundraiser in the future.

St. Peter's University, the 10th seed, will play Friday night at 9:30 p.m. against seventh-seeded Fairfield University in the opening round of the MAAC tourney in Springfield, Mass.
The Peacocks (9-20, 3-15) have lost their last two games and seven of their last 10, including two losses to Fairfield. The Stags (17-14, 9-9) are on a three-game losing streak of their own and have lost four of their last six games. The two Fairfield wins against SPU were in fairly convincing style, 61-54 in Jersey City and 61-44 in Fairfield. The Stags, a bit of an underachiever in conference, have had some respectable out of conference wins this season with victories over Penn, Fordham, Drexel, St. Joe's and Old Dominion.
Fairfield has also swept the season series from the tournament second seed, Rider, the second-round opponent of the SPU-Fairfield survivor. Thus, Rider's rooting interest in seeing the Peacocks advance out of the first round. Rider dominated SPU in their two matches this season.
In the two Fairfield victories this season over St. Peter's, the Peacocks have had a difficult time scoring with Yvon Raymond the only Peacock to score in double figures and that was in only one game.
The Stags, who are 3-0 when playing on a neutral court, were on the losing end of an epic 34-31 defensive battle just last week against Manhattan. SPU will need strong performances from Desi Washington, Yvon Raymond and Darius Conley if they are to have any chance at pulling off the upset.
Sometime this weekend, five SPU seniors are likely to play the final game of their college careers. The list includes two mainstays who have played their hearts out for all four years, Darius Conley and Yvon Raymond. Both players have been an inspiration with their all-out efforts despite the fact that they have spent much of their careers physically overmatched at their positions by much taller players at center and on the wing.
The other SPU seniors who will see action this weekend arrived through the transfer route and include Blaise Ffrench (Texas El Paso), Chris Prescott (St. Joe's), and Karee Ferguson (Lincoln Trail CC).

Contracts Administrator / Paralegal SmartDrive Systems
THIS JOB HAS EXPIRED Job Description:
The Contracts Administrator will be joining a team of highly-qualified, driven professionals and will report to the VP of Finance. This position encompasses a broad range of activities, from contract preparation and processing to reporting for executive management. The successful candidate will be a motivated individual interested in growing with the organization and assuming additional responsibilities over time.
Work closely with Sales (and other departments as needed) to draft quotes and contracts in accordance with company policies and legal requirements.
Review contract modifications and work with customer procurement departments to resolve contract and/or purchase order issues.
Manage contract approval and signature process, and address contract questions (internal and external).
Coordinate with external legal counsel as required.
Monitor contract expirations and prepare renewal agreements for execution.
Set up new customer accounts (in ERP, CRM, etc.) and process sales orders in a timely manner.
Calculate commissions for sales personnel and distribution partners.
Prepare reports for accounting and executive management as required.
Education, Experience, and Skills:
Bachelor's degree required. ABA approved paralegal certificate preferred
5+ years of experience in contracts administration or related area.
Ability to exercise judgment with respect to development and implementation of alternatives to resolve contract / business issues.
Highly effective written and verbal communication skills.
Strong time management, negotiation, and organization skills.
Capable of managing multiple tasks and working well under pressure.
Self-starter, resourceful, and able to participate in a highly-collaborative, team-oriented environment.
Highly-organized (capable of maintaining electronic and paper filing systems) and detail-oriented.
Experience with Microsoft Excel, Word, and Access.
Familiarity with basic accounting principles and ERP systems (Microsoft AX).
||9276 Scranton Road |
San Diego, CA 92121
THIS JOB HAS EXPIRED

[PLUG] SQLite wrappers
rsdighe at fedoraproject.org
Mon Mar 5 13:08:14 IST 2007
On 3/5/07, Devendra Laulkar <devendralaulkar at yahoo.com> wrote:
> As I had discussed in my SQLite talk at the PLUG
> wrappers are available for various languages.
> The list can be found at :
> Devendra Laulkar.
Well, i have been working on SQLite from past year. if anyone has doubts in
regard to the same, i would be glad to answer them.
> Have a burning question?
> Go to www.Answers.yahoo.com and get answers from real people who know.
> Pune GNU/Linux Users Group Mailing List: (plug-mail at plug.org.in)
> List Information: http://plug.org.in/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/plug-mail
> Send 'help' to plug-mail-request at plug.org.in for mailing instructions.
Fedora Ambassador India.
You do not really understand something unless you can explain it to
-- Albert Einstein
More information about the Plug-mail

The Health Show #1224
http://www.healthshow.org/ – Chemotherapy can be a life saver...and a nightmare. The side effects of the cancer treating drugs have sometimes been described as being worse than the symptoms of the disease. But in the end, just about everyone is glad to have these weapons in the fight against cancer. Now, the supply of these drugs in becoming spotty. On this week's Health Show...a report on the growing shortage of cancer treating drugs.
We'll also talk about a method of less invasive spinal surgery...and learn about the health and societal problems of unwed mothers in Korea.

JOHNSON CITY, Tenn., Aug. 18 /PRNewswire/ -- Johnson City Medical Center (JCMC), the 488 bed, Magnet-designated flagship hospital of Mountain States Health Alliance (MSHA), has seen dramatic savings in a slumping economy as a result of Smart Square, the enterprise scheduling software from Avantas.
One year after going live with Smart Square, JCMC has realized a savings of nearly $550,000 associated with overtime and external agency usage.
With Smart Square, organizations can maximize core staff, reduce overtime and external agency, manage incentives, and quickly review and adjust daily labor utilization. With real-time analytics and interactive dashboards, Smart Square provides the means to make decisions based on accurate and timely data.
"In the current environment of very constrained resources with respect to manpower and payment, Smart Square is an essential tool for nursing managers, providing them with up-to-date costs and opportunities for savings," said Kathryn Wilhoit, Corporate Vice President of MSHA, responsible for the Central Staffing and Resource Management Process Tracking System's strategic plan. "We are planning to expand its use to the other clinical departments such as respiratory therapy, radiology, pharmacy and laboratory."
"MSHA is a great example of a forward thinking organization," said Chris Fox, Avantas' Vice President of Growth & Innovation. "They were ready to shed the 'business as usual' mindset and use the business intelligence tools Smart Square makes available to manage their resources against their quality and financial targets on a daily basis."
Avantas (www.avantas.biz) is an Omaha, Nebraska-based company devoted to serving the healthcare industry. By combining advanced technology with evidence-based methodologies, Avantas delivers immediate ROI and long-term savings by focusing on helping healthcare organizations realize continual improvement with regard to scheduling and staffing.
Copyright©2009 PR Newswire.
All rights reserved

May average retail pricing for 7W LED light bulbs (equivalent to 40W incandescent) in the China market rose 4.2% on month to CNY37.4 (US$5.90), while 9W models (equivalent to 60W incandescent) increased 2.7% to CNY45.80, according to Digitimes Research.
Average retail prices for 40W- and 60W-equivalent LED light bulbs in Japan in May stood at JPY1,662 (US$16) and JPY2,423, respectively, with the former dropping 0.4% and the latter 9.6% on month, Digitimes Research indicated.
May average retail prices for 40W- and 60W-equivalent LED light bulbs in other markets were: KRW12,344 (US$11.10, down 13.2% on month) and KRW16,470 (up 0.7%) in South Korea; US$19.30 (up 0.5%) and US$22 (up 1.9%) in the US; and EUR13.4 (US$18.80, down 1.5%) and EUR14.3 (down 2.1%) in Europe.
LG Electronics' 40W-equivalent LED light bulbs and Osram 60W-equivalent models available in the South Korea market had the highest average lumen-price ratios of 71.0lm/US$ and 98.8lm/US$, respectively in May. In terms of luminous efficiency, Toshiba 40W- and 60W-equivalent models for sale in the Japan market had the highest average levels of 74.6lm/W and 97.4lm/W, respectively.
Content from this article was part of a complete Digitimes Research Chinese-language report that has not yet been translated into English. If you are interested in an English version of the report or wish to receive more information about the report, click here to contact us and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Digitimes Research also provides quarterly tracking services for market sectors such as Global Tablet, China Smartphone, China Smartphone AP, Taiwan ICT and Taiwan FPD. Click here for more information about Digitimes Research Tracking services.

Here's a cool episode of Ultimate Spiderman for monster movie fans. Nick Fury has managed to recruit The Mummy, Frankenstein's Monster, The Werewolf, Blade, and Man-Thing for S.H.I.E.L.D. Their threat / enemy is Dracula and he wants to get his hands on the Ankh, a powerful Sumerian symbol, in two pieces. If the two pieces are put together as the sun converges with their center eye, it grants the holder significant strength. In the case of Dracula, if he gets it he can walk in the day and raise an undead army! Spidey joins the monster squad (going by The Howling Commandos) to try and stop Dracula from acquiring the Ankh. But a curve ball: Dracula puts Spidey's own team under a spell, forcing them to engage the heroes in combat! Dracula gets the Ankh and kidnaps Spidey's team, heading off to Transylvania. So Spidey heads to Dracula's castle to try and save his team, with the monsters at his side to take out Dracula. Swerve of The Mummy turning against his undead team so he can gain possession of the Ankh and entering Dracula's"travel portal" back to NYC adds an exciting dual threat to Spidey and his teammates of heroes. Dracula has these vampires which spectre into form, and when killed simply vanish into formless clouds that dissipate. The Invisible Man makes an appearance, having watched Aunt May's house in protection, actually pulling Peter's pants down for amusement! Cool seeing vampire hunter, Blade, aligning reluctantly with Wolfman despite animosity due to disagreement in the past. Frankenstein's Monster firing off a bazooka is rather bizarre. Man-Thing is entertaining with its toxic sludge arms, more like tendrils that can reach out and do serious damage, at one point doing battle with The Mummy; their battle of Titans duel in NYC is a highlight. But the novelty of Spidey with the monsters on a Marvel animated superhero show is what truly makes this a special episode.
0 of 0 people found this review helpful.
Was this review helpful to you?

It was October and I had just enjoyed almost a year of successful self-employment as a writer, editor and conference producer; the birth of my first grandchild, new volunteer opportunities and a lot of travel — capped by a fabulous Hawaiian house-sitting gig.
Life was good, but professionally, it was the people I missed.
My hunger to be part of an office again, at 58, working with a team as an insider and having a “place to go” propelled me to reach out to a public relations and marketing firm’s owner when I saw her LinkedIn post about an opening in my New Jersey town. I could walk to work, be a short train ride away from New York City, contribute my content creation and business development skills and learn something new at her eight-person firm.
The pay wouldn’t rival what I’d made on my own and I would lose the tax benefits of self-employment, but someone else would now pay the Social Security tax and I wouldn’t have to play collections officer, hustle business and execute at the same time. After several stints working inside tech-driven cultures, the idea of building something at an all-female firm was inviting, too.
As the former editor of AOLJobs.com, I saw the evidence that the older you get, the rarer it is to obtain full-time employment with benefits once you leave a job.
Getting Hired Quickly
I sandwiched my job interview between my Hawaii stop and attending a journalism symposium at Glacier National Park in Montana. Within days, I was hired (over email) to handle five clients in five industries. I became an employee.
At first, I loved it — being part of a small business whose heart and values were in the right place. I brought flowers to the office every Monday. My colleagues and I ate lunch together.
Why I Didn’t Love the Job
But after roughly seven weeks, I didn’t love it. Here’s why:
- My personality — direct — began to clash with a particularly demanding client
- My penchant for collaboration by bouncing ideas around was perceived as a negative by my clients, who wanted straight recommendations, not brainstorming sessions
- My father suffered a stroke and I was torn between helping out on the homefront and keeping it together at the office
- After working with startups using the latest technology for teams and remote workers (Google Docs, Skype and Slack), I was forced to reacquaint myself with the traditional tools of bigger enterprises (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
- The email was never-ending
I had to get honest with myself.
What this company most needed at this moment was an account executive happy to handhold clients and keep the peace. It did not need me. What’s more, I had promised myself never to become chained to a desk again and to only work where I could set my own priorities and working hours.
I told my story out loud to a friend and she said: “You’ve already decided.” I guess I had.
Quitting My Job
So that Monday, less than three months after joining the firm, I told the owner I would not be staying on in a full-time capacity. I’d be quitting my job.
It wasn’t the firm, it was me, I explained. I had never worked for an agency before and didn’t appreciate that the best you can do is dictated by the client and its budget. I realized I enjoyed doing the work much more than managing it. But I said I would be happy to do projects.
The holidays were upon us, so I promised to give her six weeks to find someone new before actually quitting my job. While fully aware of the inconvenience I was putting everyone through having to start the interview process all over, I believed this was a far better move in the long-term than trying to get comfortable in a shoe that was a little bit too tight. To her credit, the owner took my news well.
I felt a great weight had lifted, although at the same time those voices in my head started asking: “What in the world are you doing quitting a full-time job at the age of 58?”
I knew the statistics. As the former editor-in-chief of AOLJobs.com, with experience covering the 50+ job market, I saw the evidence that the older you get, the rarer it is to ever obtain full-time employment with benefits once you leave a position. As Sara Rix, senior strategic policy adviser of the AARP has noted: People over 55 are out of work on average of 12 weeks longer than their younger counterparts, when they can get new employment at all.
Still, I wasn’t buying it.
I had more of a Millennial outlook than many of the Millennials I’d worked with and hired. I was up on new technologies, always trying new things, eager to learn and impatient with bureaucracy. I’m pretty sure I produced an event featuring the first-ever livestream using Periscope. I embrace change with a bear hug.
Also, I could see a shift in momentum around me. Friends who were older than I was were now taking on the biggest projects in their careers. Some companies were recognizing the value of experience and hiring it.
That was the whole point! I don’t see 58 as the end of my career, rather as the launching pad for a whole next phase. I certainly would not want to wither away trying to suppress my essential personality just to become better suited to managing someone else’s business relationships and priorities.
Ultimately, the firm found someone who was the right fit, which made me happy. And by my final day, I had already attracted new business to carry me over into the next stage of my career. I’d also shifted my focus to an event I had put on the back burner: a personal development retreat for women.
Advice to Other Older Workers
Throughout my life, I’ve had the tendency to stay with things too far past the point of expiration — my marriage, some jobs I could see were heading nowhere, even my furniture! I don’t like to quit. And as I was about to, I knew that exiting this job could be the riskiest move of my sixth decade.
But now six weeks out the door, I’m glad I left.
I’m especially pleased that I was able to maintain the level of relationship with my former employer that makes the most sense for both of us. We see each other in social media and bump into one another at industry events. I write an occasional blog post for the firm, too.
My parting advice to you: Life is short and as cliché as it sounds, it is always a safe bet to go with your gut.

ANNA Chakvetadze is not like some of the others. Not for her the modern way of talking herself up, laying bare her grand slam dreams and forecasting the spoils that will one day be hers. "I just play. We will see what's happen."
Latterly, she has been just playing very well, with yesterday's 6-4, 6-1 domination of the veteran Swiss Patty Schnyder taking the 19-year-old to 21 wins from her past 22 matches, a deep purple patch that has brought titles at three of her past four tournaments.
Eighteen Russian women began this Australian Open, eight of them seeded. Chakvetadze, the 12th seed, has progressed to the last eight, where she will play the winner of last night's meeting of compatriots Maria Sharapova and Vera Zvonareva. She may not want to talk about it, but her status as a rising force is beyond dispute.
So prevalent is the "Rus" abbreviation in contemporary grand slam draws that it is easy to lump Russia's women together, with Sharapova out in front and a gaggle of wannabes straining at the hem of her corsetted dress. It is too early to pluck Chakvetadze as the one to emerge from the pack, but her game is moving in the right direction.
Barbara Schett, the popular Austrian who played here 11 times, was her first significant victim, falling to the then 17-year-old in the first round at the 2004 US Open. She knew nothing of her at the time, but has taken notice since.
"She's a little bit in the shadow of the others — Sharapova, Petrova, Myskina, Kuznetsova — and that probably suits her. The attention is not that big on her, and she can just quietly slip through the draw," Schett said yesterday.
"When I played against her, her serve was not good, but now it's a lot better. She's a pretty consistent player out there now."
Aggression is a word Chakvetadze uses often, and Schett agrees it is her dominant feature. "That's the Russian game." But yesterday's triumph illustrated there is more to this particular Russian Anna than meets the eye.
She plays a patient game for a teenager with limited guidance from above; Chakvetadze has not officially had a coach for six months, although Schett supports the theory that her father Djambuli, who travels with her, essentially fills the role.
She also reads the game beautifully, as if she's already watched it on TV and knows every line in the script.
Schnyder jumped out to a 4-1 lead, at which point Chakvetadze said she found some rhythm against the Swiss' heavily spun balls.
Schnyder had been to the last eight here in each of the previous three years, but her body language soon smacked of resignation, and the realisation that she was up against a player who was already her equal, perhaps better.
She won just one more game for the match, becoming visibly distressed by the precision of Chakvetadze's anticipation, as if she were tapping into her thoughts. Schnyder turning to her entourage, arms outstretched and asking, "What can I do?" was a telling snapshot.
So now to the quarter-finals, a first for Chakvetadze at this level. Meeting one of her fellows is no cause for concern; most of them are very nice, she said, although noting that you can't be friends with everyone.
"Of course, it's mentally a little bit different because we know each other better. But I'm not thinking like, 'OK, she's Russian, I have to beat her'."
No, being on the other side of the net is reason enough.

Five Reasons To Visit Connecticut In The FallDuring the fall, there's no better place to be than New England. Connecticut celebrates the season with a host of festivals and attractions that are perfect for any visitor who wants to enjoy the glory of autumn.
Top Fall Festivals In ConnecticutArt is not seasonal. However, when the calendar year turns its colorful page to fall in Connecticut, then celebrations of art are called for.
First Of Two Weekends At Apple Harvest FestivalRain Saturday slowed -- but did not stop -- the fun and the food at Southington's 43rd annual Apple Harvest Festival.

Elvis Costello On Piano Jazz
Composer, singer and guitarist Elvis Costello was born Declan MacManus in 1954. He grew up in London in a household filled with music: His father was a trumpeter, singer and bandleader and his mother worked in a record store. Both of his parents enjoyed the popular music of the day. As a child of the early '60s, Costello soon came under the spell of the Beatles, the Kinks and other popular British groups and began writing his own pop-inflected tunes on an acoustic guitar. At 16, he made his first public performance in a local folk club, playing and singing his own songs.
Throughout the early '70s, Costello was active in the local pub rock scene, playing both solo and in groups. His big break came with the release of his 1977 album My Aim Is True. After 30 years worth of albums — solo records as well as releases with his group, the Attractions — Costello is regarded as one of the most influential and unique singer/songwriters of his generation.
After making a name for himself in the world of pop music, Costello began branching out, experimenting with other genres and collaborating with a wide variety of artists. Costello has recorded and appeared with, among others, Sam Moore, Bob Dylan, Tony Bennett, The Jazz Passengers, Burt Bacharach, Neil Young, Lucinda Williams, The Chieftains, The Count Basie Orchestra, and the Charles Mingus Big Band. His own tunes have been performed by a stylistically diverse group of performers including Chet Baker, Johnny Cash, Roy Orbison, and Dusty Springfield to name a few.
Originally recorded Sept. 3, 2006 at the Tanglewood Jazz Festival.

SALT LAKE CITY, UT (BRAIN)—Specialized decided to move its West Coast distribution center from its headquarters in Morgan Hill, California, to Salt Lake City 11 years ago after taking a look at the cost per square foot of leasing a facility, the strong labor market and the ability to deliver orders to dealers in 11 western states within one to two days.
And when its 10-year lease was set to expire, the company re-examined its decision and came up with the same conclusion: “Utah is a prime distribution point,” said Kim Peterson, corporate distribution manager for Specialized. “Other outdoor businesses have realized this as well,” he told the 200 or so who gathered at the 250,000-square-foot facility Thursday for its ribbon-cutting ceremony.
Joining Specialized executives and warehouse employees were about a dozen local dealers as well as representatives from the Governor’s Office of Economic Development (GOED), the Economic Development Corporation of Utah (EDCU) and SLC’s economic development director, property managers and landlords.
About 1,000 outdoor companies, which employ some 10,000 people, have hung their shingle in the state, according to Jeff Edwards, president and CEO of EDCU, adding that Utah has become a hotbed for companies looking to expand or relocate.
“Geography matters and Utah is blessed to be the crossroads of the west,” he said. “We have great people in our state; we offer great quality of life, where you can work hard but recreate close by.” Making note of the California flag on Specialized-branded shirts worn by execs in attendance, Edwards urged them to bring R&D to Salt Lake as well.
The state of Utah actively recruits and provides generous business incentives for outdoor companies since they make up one of eight industry clusters it has targeted as offering the greatest return on investment. Salt Lake City is the site for the outdoor industry’s major show, Outdoor Retailer, twice a year. The state is also home to major brands such as Black Diamond, Petzl and Salomon. And Quality Bicycle Products chose Ogden as the site for a new West Coast facility set to open this fall.
For Specialized, the move into the larger facility, which employs 80 full-time staff and has capacity to store tens of thousands of bikes, gives it room to expand. Chief operating officer Mike Haynes said Specialized has tripled its sales revenue in the past 11 years and now is primed for future growth.
Facility manager Rick Peterson said the company has increased productivity 25 percent in the new facility compared to its old building. It conducted a time analysis study and based on findings tightened aisles and crafted more efficient product picking patterns that have cut time and boosted order accuracy to 99.7 percent. Specialized also hired an outside firm to re-engineer its racking system to fit more product in less space.
Aside from product, the facility, conveniently near a rail yard, also houses customer service, warranty, international traffic and shipping, quality control and its service center, which can turn around wheels, forks and suspension service orders in one to two days. Inter-related departments are now next to each other to improve communication and speed of service.
—Lynette Carpiet (Story and Photo)

Thanks to the Chinese space program, scientists in Beijing recently published a formal nutritional analysis of what may be one of the healthiest animals to eat, silkworm caterpillars. As I profile in my 2-min video Good Grub, they appear to have more arginine that soybeans, more zinc than pumpkin seeds, and more protein than snail meat. One pound of powdered worms gets you all the vitamin B12 you need for the day. The big nutritional selling point, though, is their low saturated fat content.
Farming insects is also less wasteful than farming other animals. Whereas we waste about 90% of nutrients when we feed grains to cows, less than half the nutrition of edible plants is wasted when we route them through bugs. Okay, but how do they taste? Like octopus, one technical review notes. What’s the downside? See my NutritionFacts.org video pick above.
The American space program is going in a different direction. NASA decided on a vegan menu for Mars, realizing, perhaps, that there are†safer and†cheaper sources of†vitamin B12 than a daily pound of powdered worms. What about arginine? Worms, whale meat, pork rinds, and what else? See my video Fat Burning Via Arginine. Though sourcing protein from plants is preferable, maggots have been tapped for their potential to improve the safety of the food supply, see my video Maggot Meat Spray.
Michael Greger, M.D.
Image credit: Sifu Renka / Wikimedia Commons

By Diana Saenger
The musical, “A Room with a View,” will have its world premiere at The Old Globe Theatre in Balboa Park on March 2. Based on the novel by E.M. Forster, with book by Marc Acito, music and lyrics by Jeffrey Stock, and additional lyrics by Acito, the show gets off-the chart excitement from its actors.
Kyle Harris (“Sondheim on Sondheim,” “West Side Story”) plays the lead role of George Emerson, a free thinker who becomes attracted to Lucy Honeychurch (Ephie Aardema) in Italy’s beautiful Tuscan countryside. Lucy, a new transplant, hails from England and a far more sheltered upbringing than George.
The storyline is an immortal classic.
“George has passion, something Lucy sees in him and has been wanting,” Harris explained. “She has a small flame inside of her that wants to ignite and burn a little brighter, but she’s resistant, not knowing if George is the one, as he doesn’t come from an aristocratic family. She’s not sure if she should she take a chance on a carefree man who wants her to be free and trust the rest will follow.”
Other cast members include Glenn Seven Allen, Etai BenShlomo, Gina Ferrall, Jacquelynne Fontaine, Will Reynolds, Edward Staudenmayer, Karen Ziemba and Kurt Zischke.
Harris said he was overjoyed with the approach director Scott Schwartz took in rehearsals.
“Scott gives you the canvas and lets you throw paint at it, and then he mixes in his colors and you create a beautiful picture together,” Harris said. “He compromises with the actors and that builds the team of trust so many actors dream of having. Scott wants the individual actor to be a part of these characters and unique and as organic as possible, and that’s such a great place for a piece to start from the ground up.”
Harris said he’s also enamored with Acito and Stock’s work. “Marc has done a great job with the storyline, and the musical score by him and Stock has been breathtaking from our first workshop in New York City. It’s felt like a classic from the very beginning.”
Harris added that the setting in romantic Italy, and the piazza, will transport audiences, “and the score is so gorgeous it really speaks to the heart of these characters, which creates even more passion.”
Harris said Stock shaped the songs to the actors by listening to their voices in the workshop and tailoring the songs to best fit the right key for each actor so no one is reaching for something out of their comfort zone.
“Instead of them fitting the shoe, they are the shoe,” Harris said. “A Room with a View’ is a very lyrical, very underscored masterpiece. It’s funny, heartwarming, and a great show for the entire family.”
If you go
What: “A Room with a View”
Where: The Globe Theatre, 1363 Old Globe Way, Balboa Park
When: Matinees and evenings through April 8
Tickets: From $39
Box Office: (619) 23-GLOBE

Trip Start Aug 15, 2012
21Trip End Aug 15, 2013
Map your own trip!
Show trip route
Thanksgiving Day Prayer
by Walter Rauschenbusch (1861–1918)
For the wide sky and the blessed sun,
For the salt sea and the running water,
For the everlasting hills
And the never-resting winds,
For trees and the common grass underfoot.
We thank you for our senses
By which we hear the songs of birds,
And see the splendor of the summer fields,
And taste of the autumn fruits,
And rejoice in the feel of the snow,
And smell the breath of the spring.
Grant us a heart wide open to all this beauty;
And save our souls from being so blind
That we pass unseeing
When even the common thornbush
Is aflame with your glory,
O God our creator,
Who lives and reigns for ever and ever.
Walter Raushenbush´s words inspired me to write my own Thanksgiving Day Prayer. What will his words inspire you to do?
In peace love and gratefulness,

This page may be out of date.
Save your draft
before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
Hide this message
Poems of my Storms
sharing some of the poems i attempt to write...
She holds my hand just to misguide me
And then laughs at my frown
Her eyes sparkle when I smile...
Tick tock tick tock tick tock...
Tick tock tick tock
how slow the clock mocks
burns every second the heart...
A fire burns...
...a life breathes

Release Date: Jan 16, 2014
On 1/16/14 the Coroner's office was paged to respond to a house fire in Loveland where two decedents were found. Next of kin has been found and notified. Autopsies were done. The victims of the fire were identified as:
1. Hazel PIPER, age 70, white female resident of home.
Manner of death is ACCIDENT, Cause of death is Inhalation of toxic products of combustion.
2. Harvard Preston THOMAS, age 50, white male resident of home.
Manner of death is ACCIDENT, Cause of death is Smoke inhalation and thermal injuries.
No further information is available from the Coroner's office at this time.

|Publication number||US7317894 B2|
|Application number||US 10/781,726|
|Publication date||Jan 8, 2008|
|Filing date||Feb 20, 2004|
|Priority date||Feb 26, 2003|
|Also published as||US20040168193|
|Publication number||10781726, 781726, US 7317894 B2, US 7317894B2, US-B2-7317894, US7317894 B2, US7317894B2|
|Original Assignee||Kabushiki Kaisha Kenwood|
|Export Citation||BiBTeX, EndNote, RefMan|
|Patent Citations (21), Referenced by (18), Classifications (9), Legal Events (4)|
|External Links: USPTO, USPTO Assignment, Espacenet|
1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a satellite digital radio broadcast receiver for receiving a broadcast program having the same contents but different modulation methods.
2. Related Background Art
Satellite digital radio broadcasting from a plurality of elliptical orbit satellites moving along a so-called figure 8 orbit is presented, for example, by US SIRIUS Satellite Radio Incorporated. The outline of the whole system of satellite broadcast is shown in
In an area where it is difficult to receive a radio wave from an elliptical orbit satellite or in an urban area where it is difficult to receive a satellite broadcast radio wave, a radio broadcast receiver receives in some cases a radio wave (ground wave) from a ground repeater which is controlled by a Geo stationary orbit satellite. Therefore, the satellite radio broadcast receiver receives three radio waves in total, two satellite waves and one ground wave, at the same time at its wide band RF amplifier.
The features of this satellite digital radio broadcast system are summarized as in the following:
1) Features of Radio Waves
Since a ground wave has a propagation path different from that of a satellite wave, the way how the level fluctuates and the like are different from those of the satellite wave.
Since the satellite wave is transmitted from a satellite on the elliptical orbit, it is received by the receiver at a high elevation angle. Since the propagation path does not change largely, the satellite wave can be received reliably unless the mobile station enters a tunnel or passes under a high way.
2) Features of Reception System
The receiver receives three waves containing the same contents. However, each radio wave has different frequency and propagation path, and a different time period while the same data is received. These radio waves are synthesized and demodulated so that the effects of frequency diversity, space diversity and time diversity can be obtained.
In the tuner having the structure shown in
An output signal from the high frequency amplifier 13 or an output signal from the attenuator 14 is amplified by a variable gain amplifier 15, and an output of this amplifier is supplied to a mixer 16 whereat it is converted into an intermediate frequency easy to be processed. An output of the mixer 16 is detected by a detector 17 to obtain a detection voltage corresponding to the input signal level. This detection voltage is supplied to a control circuit 18 which determines a gain of the variable gain amplifier 15 in accordance with the supplied detection voltage, to thereby perform an automatic gain control (AGC). An output of the mixer 16 is also sent as a ground signal to an intermediate frequency stage to be subjected to an intermediate frequency process. An output of the intermediate frequency stage is supplied to a demodulation stage to be subjected to a demodulation process. If the input signal level is judged small from the detection voltage, the high frequency amplifier 13 is selected by switches 19 a and 19 b, whereas if the input signal level is large, the attenuator 14 is selected by the switches 19 a and 19 b.
An output signal from the band-pass filter 22 is amplified at a variable gain amplifier 25, and an output of this amplifier is supplied to a mixer 26 whereat it is converted into an intermediate frequency easy to be processed. An output of the mixer 26 is detected by a detector 27 to obtain a detection voltage corresponding to the input signal level. This detection voltage is supplied to a control circuit 28 which determines a gain of the variable gain amplifier 25 in accordance with the supplied detection voltage, to thereby perform AGC. An output of the mixer 26 is also sent as a satellite signal to an intermediate frequency stage to be subjected to an intermediate frequency process. An output of the intermediate frequency stage is supplied to a demodulation stage to be subjected to a demodulation process.
The variable gain amplifiers 15 and 25, mixers 16 and 26, detectors 17 and 27 and control circuits 18 and 28 are fabricated in an integrated circuit IC. There are two series, a ground wave signal series including the variable gain amplifier 15, mixer 16, detector 17 and control circuit 18, and a satellite wave signal series including the variable gain amplifier 25, mixer 26, detector 27 and control circuit 28. The reason of division into two series is that although the broadcast contents are the same, the modulation methods are different between the ground wave signal of an OFDM modulation and the satellite wave signal of a QPSK modulation, the bands at the succeeding intermediate frequency stages are different and the gain distributions are different.
In the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver described above, the frequency of a received satellite wave signal is adjacent to that of a received ground wave signal. These two signals, the satellite wave reception signal and ground wave reception signal, are input to the two series of the tuner. Since different gain settings are performed in the integrated circuit IC of the tuner because of different levels of the satellite wave reception signal and ground wave reception signals and the like, the tuner is divided into the two series in the integrated circuit IC.
The tuner of the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver 20 receives an adjacent disturbance wave signal b such as shown in
A digital AGC method is known as disclosed, for example, in Japanese Patent Laid-open Gazette No. 10-56343. With this method, in accordance with an electric field intensity detected from an output of an intermediate frequency signal, the gain of a variable gain amplifier is controlled, and an output of the variable gain amplifier is orthogonally detected, and in accordance with a difference between the orthogonally detected IQ output signal amplitudes and desired IQ output signal amplitudes, the gain of the variable gain amplifier is finely adjusted.
With the conventional tuner structure of the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver described above, it is, however, necessary to set a hysteresis to the switching circuit in order to prevent the switching between the high frequency amplifier 13 and attenuator 14 from being fluttered due to a reception signal level. A satellite digital radio broadcast receiver has as its one objective using it mounted on a vehicle. The reception condition during vehicle running is influenced by a multi-path and the like so that the signal level may change abruptly by 15 dB or more.
It is therefore necessary that the switching hysteresis is 15 dB or larger. Further, since a digital modulation method is incorporated for the satellite digital radio broadcast, if the reception signal is once intercepted, there is some idle time before sounds can be reproduced, because data synchronization and the like are necessary. A complicated control process is therefore required such as matching the switching timing for signal level control to the data transition period and fixing the synchronization circuit and the like during such period.
From these reasons, the level adjustment of a ground wave signal input to the integrated circuit IC is something intermittent.
It is an objective of the present invention to provide a satellite digital radio broadcast receiver capable of eliminating the above-described disadvantages and improving the disturbance wave elimination characteristics with a simple structure.
According to one aspect of the present invention, there is provided a satellite digital radio broadcast receiver having an integrated circuit including a first reception series for performing a reception processing of a satellite wave signal from a satellite and a second reception series for performing a reception processing of a ground wave signal from a repeater in order to receive both the satellite wave signal and the ground wave signal having the same broadcast contents and different modulation methods, the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver comprising: automatic gain control means for amplifying a signal from a single antenna at a variable gain amplifier, and in accordance with a level of a signal outputted from the variable gain amplifier, for controlling a gain of the variable gain amplifier to control the level of the signal outputted from the variable gain amplifier; and a two-way distributor for distributing an output of the automatic control means to two distribution outputs, wherein one distribution output from the two-way distributor is supplied to the integrated circuit as an input signal to the first reception series, and the other distribution output from the two-way distributor is supplied to the integrated circuit as an input signal to the second reception series.
According to the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver, the input signals to the first and second reception series of the integrated circuit have the levels controlled by the automatic gain control means. Therefore, the input signal level can be maintained generally constant even if there is a sharp change in a disturbance signal level.
As above, according to the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver of this invention, only one series can suffice for the input signals to the integrated circuit so that the receiver can be made compact and the cost can be reduced.
Description will be made on a satellite digital radio broadcast receiver according to an embodiment of the invention.
In the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver 30 of the embodiment, an antenna 31 receives a satellite wave signal and a ground wave signal. The band of the received signal is limited by a band-pass filter 32, and an output of the band-pass filter 32 is supplied to and amplified at a voltage control type variable gain amplifier 33. An output signal from the voltage control type variable gain amplifier 33 is supplied to a two-way distributor 34 which inputs two-way distributed output signals to variable gain amplifiers 15 an 25 of an integrated circuit IC, respectively. The integrated circuit IC has the same structure as the integrated circuit IC shown in
An output of the voltage control type variable gain amplifier 33 is detected by a detector 35 to obtain a detection voltage corresponding to the input signal level. This detection voltage is supplied to a control circuit 36 which converts it into an AGC control voltage. The AGC control voltage is supplied as a gain control voltage to the voltage control type variable gain amplifier 33 to perform AGC and control the level of an input signal to the integrated circuit IC. The antenna 31 is either an antenna for receiving a satellite wave signal or an antenna for receiving a ground wave signal.
The two-way distributor 34 distributes an input at a distribution ratio suitable for gains of two series in the integrated circuit IC and supplies the distributed signals to the variable gain amplifiers 15 and 25, respectively. A better one of the demodulation signals of the two series is selected and output, similar to conventional techniques.
As described above, in the tuner unit of the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver 30, the level of an input signal to the integrated circuit IC is controlled by AGC, and signals having AGC controlled levels are distributed to the two series of the integrated circuit IC. Therefore, the level of an input signal to the integrated circuit IC is controlled continuously in an analog fashion, so that the input signal level is not switched intermittently as in the case of conventional techniques. As indicated at b in
As apparent from the comparison between the lines c and d in
Since the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver 30 has only one series as the front end of the integrated circuit IC, it can be made compact and the cost can be reduced.
As described so far, according to the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver, only one series is used as the front end of the integrated circuit, and the level of an input signal to the integrated circuit is controlled by AGC. Accordingly, the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver has a shorter sound interception period and a shorter reception stop period. Furthermore, since the satellite digital radio broadcast receiver 30 has only one series as the front end of the integrated circuit IC, it can be made compact and the cost can be reduced.
|Cited Patent||Filing date||Publication date||Applicant||Title|
|US5095533 *||Mar 23, 1990||Mar 10, 1992||Rockwell International Corporation||Automatic gain control system for a direct conversion receiver|
|US5301352 *||Jun 26, 1992||Apr 5, 1994||Sony Corporation||Satellite broadcast receiving system and change-over divider for use in same|
|US5319673 *||Apr 16, 1993||Jun 7, 1994||Cd Radio Inc.||Radio frequency broadcasting systems and methods using two low-cost geosynchronous satellites|
|US5794138 *||Feb 26, 1997||Aug 11, 1998||Cd Radio Inc.||Satellite broadcast system receiver|
|US5966186 *||Jul 11, 1997||Oct 12, 1999||Kabushiki Kaisha Toshiba||Digital broadcast receiving device capable of indicating a receiving signal strength or quality|
|US6078796 *||Jan 29, 1998||Jun 20, 2000||Motorola, Inc.||Method and apparatus for receiving a wideband signal using multiple automatic gain controllers|
|US6091931 *||Jun 18, 1997||Jul 18, 2000||Lsi Logic Corporation||Frequency synthesis architecture in a satellite receiver|
|US6301313 *||Nov 2, 1998||Oct 9, 2001||Hughes Electronics Corporation||Mobile digital radio system with spatial and time diversity capability|
|US6484042 *||Aug 25, 1999||Nov 19, 2002||Skyworks Solutions, Inc.||Secondary automatic gain control loops for direct conversion CDMA receivers|
|US6498927 *||Aug 29, 2001||Dec 24, 2002||Gct Semiconductor, Inc.||Automatic gain control method for highly integrated communication receiver|
|US6510317 *||Nov 4, 1999||Jan 21, 2003||Xm Satellite Radio, Inc.||Satellite digital audio radio service tuner architecture for reception of satellite and terrestrial signals|
|US6549774 *||Nov 4, 1999||Apr 15, 2003||Xm Satellite Radio Inc.||Digital audio service satellite receiver having switchable operating modes for stationary or mobile use|
|US6557029 *||Jun 28, 1999||Apr 29, 2003||Micro Design Services, Llc||System and method for distributing messages|
|US6584090 *||Apr 23, 1999||Jun 24, 2003||Skyworks Solutions, Inc.||System and process for shared functional block CDMA and GSM communication transceivers|
|US6735416 *||May 25, 1999||May 11, 2004||Xm Satellite Radio, Inc.||Receiver architecture for SDARS full band signal reception having an analog conversion to baseband stage|
|US20010022821 *||Mar 2, 2001||Sep 20, 2001||Masaki Ichihara||Amplitude deviation correction circuit|
|US20010041532 *||Aug 26, 1998||Nov 15, 2001||Martin Tomasz||Direct-conversion tuner integrated circuit for direct broadcast satellite television|
|US20020025792 *||Aug 7, 2001||Feb 28, 2002||Hiroshi Isoda||AGC amplifier circuit for use in a digital satellite broadcast receiver apparatus|
|US20040229583 *||Feb 11, 2004||Nov 18, 2004||Hitoshi Ogino||Digital broadcast receiving tuner and receiving device incorporating it|
|US20050124289 *||Dec 30, 2004||Jun 9, 2005||Microsoft Corporation||Method and apparatus for adjusting signal component strength|
|US20070004351 *||Sep 1, 2006||Jan 4, 2007||Nokia Corporation||Methods for determining the gains of different carriers, radio transmission units and modules for such units|
|Citing Patent||Filing date||Publication date||Applicant||Title|
|US7751513 *||Nov 3, 2006||Jul 6, 2010||Infineon Technologies Ag||Signal processing method, particularly in a radio-frequency receiver, and signal conditioning circuit|
|US8995591||Mar 14, 2013||Mar 31, 2015||Qualcomm, Incorporated||Reusing a single-chip carrier aggregation receiver to support non-cellular diversity|
|US9026070||Nov 18, 2004||May 5, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Low-power wireless diversity receiver with multiple receive paths|
|US9118439||Aug 13, 2012||Aug 25, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Receiver for imbalanced carriers|
|US9154179||Jun 29, 2011||Oct 6, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Receiver with bypass mode for improved sensitivity|
|US9154356 *||Aug 21, 2012||Oct 6, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Low noise amplifiers for carrier aggregation|
|US9154357||Aug 24, 2012||Oct 6, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) low noise amplifiers for carrier aggregation|
|US9160598||Sep 10, 2012||Oct 13, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Low noise amplifiers with cascode divert switch for carrier aggregation|
|US9166852||Aug 30, 2012||Oct 20, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Low noise amplifiers with transformer-based signal splitting for carrier aggregation|
|US9172402||Mar 2, 2012||Oct 27, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Multiple-input and multiple-output carrier aggregation receiver reuse architecture|
|US9178669||Mar 2, 2012||Nov 3, 2015||Qualcomm Incorporated||Non-adjacent carrier aggregation architecture|
|US9252827||Mar 2, 2012||Feb 2, 2016||Qualcomm Incorporated||Signal splitting carrier aggregation receiver architecture|
|US9300420||Sep 11, 2012||Mar 29, 2016||Qualcomm Incorporated||Carrier aggregation receiver architecture|
|US9362958||Mar 2, 2012||Jun 7, 2016||Qualcomm Incorporated||Single chip signal splitting carrier aggregation receiver architecture|
|US20060026650 *||Jul 28, 2005||Feb 2, 2006||Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.||Apparatus and method for detecting external antenna in a mobile terminal supporting digital multimedia broadcasting service|
|US20070079354 *||Jun 27, 2006||Apr 5, 2007||Lee Jong-Bae||Tuner having attenuation function and control method for the same|
|US20070116160 *||Nov 3, 2006||May 24, 2007||Carsten Eisenhut||Signal processing method, particularly in a radio-frequency receiver, and signal conditioning circuit|
|US20130315348 *||Aug 21, 2012||Nov 28, 2013||Qualcomm Incorporated||Low noise amplifiers for carrier aggregation|
|U.S. Classification||455/3.02, 455/250.1, 455/234.1|
|International Classification||H04H1/00, H04N7/20, H04B1/16|
|Cooperative Classification||H04H20/74, H04H40/90|
|Feb 20, 2004||AS||Assignment|
Owner name: KABUSHIKI KAISHA KENWOOD, JAPAN
Free format text: ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNOR:HIROSE, KOJI;REEL/FRAME:015006/0660
Effective date: 20040213
|Jun 15, 2011||FPAY||Fee payment|
Year of fee payment: 4
|Apr 6, 2012||AS||Assignment|
Owner name: JVC KENWOOD CORPORATION, JAPAN
Free format text: MERGER;ASSIGNOR:KENWOOD CORPORATION;REEL/FRAME:028001/0636
Effective date: 20111001
|Jun 24, 2015||FPAY||Fee payment|
Year of fee payment: 8

suraj.sun writes "Microsoft has shown off XNA games running on Windows Phone; full 3D is a go. From Engadget: 'Microsoft just showed us a pair of 3D games running on its ASUS Windows Phone prototype and built with its brand new XNA Game Studio 4.0 9. The two titles are The Harvest, a good looking touch-controlled dungeon crawler with destructible environments, being developed by Luma Arcade; and Battle Punks. Microsoft spoke to the ease of its Direct3D development platform, which was built by the same folks responsible for the first-gen Xbox. What we saw of The Harvest was built in "two or three weeks," mostly from scratch, and folks who've already built games for XNA in VisualStudio shouldn't have much trouble with a port from the sound of things: "very, very easy," said Microsoft. Right now developers can do their testing in Windows, but there should be a Windows Phone 7 Series emulator out for devs eventually.'"

Discussion in 'Off Topic' started by Autohaus, Feb 27, 2009.
How about "The Independent BMW Tech formerly known as MooseheadM5"?
6.5/10 for good action shot, but obscured by a fence and foliage.
How about "Paul"?
The mechanic formely known as Paul?
Not many people call me that
Besides, nearly everyone I have met named Paul is kind of a jerk. People tell me that I am not, but it is possible that they are just being polite.
You're not a jerk, Paul... err, I mean IndependentBMWTechandMechanicalEngineer1997325ti(that'sright)1988M51987535is1986327i(alsoright)Soon(Ihope)196?700w/oilheadpowerandEFI
Why on earth would you want to sell your M5? WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU????
Boy, we have a great habit of driving threads off-topic.
Those angel eyes are blinding me as I type.
Yeah but at some point we always manage to bring them back on-line! Besides, this is the "off topic" forum so it only seems right somehow!?
Plus, most of the in-between, off-topic posts are hilarious and make for great reading.
There is lots wrong with me, but between the house and all the other cars, this is the one to go. I have a 535is that means 10,000 times (at least) more sentimentally than the M5. The ti is wifeys, the E30 is the beater, the is will be the perfectly restored weekend driver and any other car we get will be a city/toy car (Z3 or 700 or baroque angel or whatever.)
Props to apex shot, Dan. 8.5/10
We can just call him:
ROFL! I was waiting for that.
Paul, it's true. We are just being polite. That, and some folks probably think you're the guy that wrote the last few chapters of the Bible.
Oh; and Dan? I'm a Yokohama Guy. Minus ten points for the Toyo banner ...
You mean to tell me he isn't
8/10 because its an E28 on the track.
I only put the Toyo banner on the car because Toyo had agreed to sponsor the event and like we've said before, I like to try and support the vendors that support the club (granted, I wasn't supportive enough to actually RUN Toyo tires...I had Victoracers on... but I thought putting their banner on was only fair).
I hear that. I'll always have a place in my heart for my eta, my first car.
LMFAO! He should make that his new avatar.
Separate names with a comma.
BMW Car Club of America is the largest single-marque car club in the world.
640 S Main St, Ste 201Greenville, SC 29601864-250-0022Contact Us
Copyright © 2014 & All Rights Reserved by BMW Car Club of America

Ever had the feeling sometimes that life can be bittersweet at times?
I know I’ve done something that’s really something that God has wanted for me to do, but there’s a part of me that’s feeling a bit of pain because of that. I know that it’s really according to His will, and, given the chance to do it over again, I would do the exact same thing, but it still doesn’t prevent my heart from twinging - even for just a little bit.
Let His will be done.:) There’s always a reason for things, and He’s just going to make us better people after all these is over. As for me, I’m going to continue holding on to His promises.

Lawrence University senior Daniel O’Connor will be one of four student organists featured in this week’s nationally syndicated radio program Pipedreams. The program highlights four award-winning organ students who have earned recognition for their musical virtuosity.
The program includes a recording of O’Connor’s May, 2012 performance of Stephen Paulus’ “Concerto for Organ, Strings, Timpani and Percussion” with the Lawrence University Chamber Orchestra under the direction of conductor David Becker.
“It’s certainly an honor to be featured on ‘Pipedreams’ and it was a privilege to play with the Lawrence Chamber Orchestra,” said O’Connor of Dallas, Texas. “It’s a testament to the orchestra and the leadership of David Becker to be featured on such a prestigious classical music program.”
O’Connor has enjoyed great success during his Lawrence career, winning the following competitions:
• 2012 Paul Manz Organ Scholarship sponsored by Mount Olive Lutheran Church in Minneapolis, Minn.
• 2009 American Guild of Organists’ regional competition for young organists in Albuquerque, N.M.
• The Twin Cities Chapter of the American Guild of Organists’ 2010 young artists organ regional competition in Minneapolis.
• The 2011 Wisconsin National Federation of Music Clubs’ Biennial Student/Collegiate Competition.
O’Connor has enjoyed great success during his Lawrence was the winner of the 2012 Paul Manz Organ Scholarship sponsored by Mount Olive Lutheran Church in Minneapolis, Minn., the 2009 American Guild of Organists’ regional competition for young organists in Albuquerque, N.M., the Twin Cities Chapter of the American Guild of Organists’ 2010 young artists organ regional competition in Minneapolis, and the 2011 Wisconsin National Federation of Music Clubs’ Biennial Student/Collegiate Competition.
Last month, O’Connor earned second-place honors in the Wisconsin Chapter of the National Federation of Music Club’s organ competition. On Sunday, April 7, O’Connor will perform in Boston as a finalist for the prestigious Frank Huntington Beebe Fund for Musicians. He is a student of university organist Kathrine Handford.
Produced by American Public Media and hosted by Michael Barone, a member of the Minnesota Music Hall of Fame, Pipedreams is the only nationally distributed radio program that explores and celebrates the full range of the pipe organ’s art and potential.
About Lawrence University
Founded in 1847, Lawrence University uniquely integrates a college of liberal arts and sciences with a nationally recognized conservatory of music, both devoted exclusively to undergraduate education. It was selected for inclusion in the Fiske Guide to Colleges 2013 and the book “Colleges That Change Lives: 40 Schools That Will Change the Way You Think About College.” Individualized learning, the development of multiple interests and community engagement are central to the Lawrence experience. Lawrence draws its 1,500 students from nearly every state and more than 50 countries. Follow Lawrence on Facebook.

If you've got HD-DVD disks and need to extract data from them, you'll know how hard it can be. One option is to use EVOdemux that enables you to extract video, sound, subtitles and other data from HD-DVD disks.
Everything is conducted through a simple GUI. You drag and drop files from a HD-DVD to your hard drive and you can then reconstruct the new EVO file to burn to another video format. This presents endless possibilities because, for example, you can combine the audio of different films in one video of your creation or add subtitles that are missing from the original version.
The problem with this program however is that it's quite complicated to use. If you've never looked closely at the data on an HD-DVD then you could be left wondering what the hell you are looking at. Unfortunately, there's no real guide to show you exactly what you need to do either plus HD-DVD disks often differ in makeup. However, if you're a digital editing pro, you'll find this a very useful tool for the brave new world of HD-DVD editing.
Laws concerning the use of this software vary from country to country. We do not encourage or condone the use of this program if it is in violation of these laws.
We use own and third party cookies to improve our services and your experience. This includes to personalise ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. If you continue browsing, you are considered to have accepted such use. You may change your cookie preferences and obtain more information here.
We want your opinion as a gamer!
Could you help us to understand what happens when you watch in-game advertising?

Halyna Hryn, ed. Hunger by Design: The Great Ukrainian Famine and Its Soviet Context. Cambridge: Ukrainian Research Institute, Harvard University, 2008. xii + 150 pp. $24.95 (paper), ISBN 978-1-932650-05-1.
Reviewed by Yana Pitner (University of North Carolina at Asheville)
Published on H-Russia (October, 2010)
Commissioned by Teddy J. Uldricks
Mass Murder or Massive Incompetence?
Surgically employing historical drama as a means of achieving political aims has been a very popular tactic in almost all European post-communist states. Very often, the sentiment of being victimized by the Soviet regime became grounds on which national unification was shaped. Leveraging emotional historical triggers helped make the inevitably difficult and complicated transitional periods much easier. Focusing on “national sufferings” caused by the Soviet power eventually gave rise to anti-Russian feeling in the newly independent states, becoming a powerful political tool.
Using “historical policy” as an ideological platform to build national support is precisely what Ukraine’s ex-president Viktor Yushchenko recently did, placing at the center of his campaign the famine of 1932-33. This policy can be considered a factor in reconstructing the moral-political unity of Ukraine. Moreover, the president’s appeal to this problem coincided with the intense struggle for the redistribution of power in Ukraine from 2006-08.
The Holodomor issue (i.e., the Ukrainian famine issue) has created a heated debate within Ukrainian, Russian, and world political and academic societies. It has basically divided the societies into two major camps. The first camp includes the supporters of the theory that famine in Ukraine was designed by the Soviet power and was aimed at the extermination of part of the Ukrainian nation, thus preventing an opportunity for Ukraine to secede from the USSR. The second camp consists of the proponents of the view that 1932-33 was a tragic period for the USSR, and famine embraced not only Ukraine, but other territories of the USSR as well (where about 50 million people lived). According to their view, famine was a result of the ill-planned policy of collectivization and may be considered a crime against the Soviet people, but it was not a policy aimed at the extermination of the particular Ukrainian nation.
Part of the problem results from the tendency of expert communities basically to follow the official political lines of their leaders without investing much in the dispassionate consideration of the problem. Accordingly, it is critically important that we objectively examine the famine of 1932-33 as professional historians, not politicians.
Reading Hunger by Design: The Great Ukrainian Famine and Its Soviet Context left me with conflicting impressions. There is no doubt that it contains valuable historical material pertaining to the sufferings and death from hunger in Ukraine and Kazakhstan. It offers unique primary sources, which are critically important in objectively assessing the problem. I would indeed recommend that specialists in Soviet history and the history of the famine read this volume. However, for the unsophisticated reader, this collection may leave the false impression that only people in Ukraine and Kazakhstan died from the famine. This is not so--famine beyond these republics was also widespread and dire.
The work presented by Andrea Graziosi, “The Soviet Famines and the Ukrainian Holodomor,” already draws a distinction between the situation in Ukraine and Russia. On p. 1 the author claims that the Russians “suffered from famine too, even though on a lesser scale.” This assumption definitely needs better support. The situation in Povolzhye, for example, proves that people were dying from famine there on the scale comparable to that in Ukraine.
What I found very interesting and appealing within this chapter is that the author conditionally divides academic society into the “A” group, which supports the genocide thesis and sees in the famine an event that was organized intentionally, and the “B” group, which considers this event on a pan-Soviet scale. Graziosi objectively considers the arguments of both groups, their strong and vulnerable sides. This approach has the potential to open an opportunity for representatives of both groups to consider the positions of their counterparts seriously and provoke them to revise their arguments. I submit that this chapter could become a brilliant platform for dialogue among specialists of the famine of the 1930s.
At the end the author finally arrives at the conclusion that what was going on in Ukraine in 1932-33 was indeed genocide. He reaches this conclusion based on the comparison of the official definition of genocide adopted by the UN with the events in Ukraine. In his arguments, the author accents the fact that genocide does not necessarily mean the immediate destruction of a nation, but at the same time he agrees that the famine of 1932-33 was a “deliberate [my italics] destruction of a national group.” I suggest that “deliberate” is a key word in this debate. I personally did not find direct evidence in the chapter of the deliberate extermination of the Ukrainian nation, or parts of it. Thus, I do not believe that we should label this tragedy a genocide.
It was not by coincidence that the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, which traditionally does not miss an opportunity to criticize the policy of the USSR and its successor, the Russian Federation, twice declined to recognize the Holodomor as genocide against Ukrainian people, in 2008 and 2010. Recently (April 28, 2010) the assembly adopted Resolution 1723, commemorating the victims of the Great Famine (Holodomor) in the former USSR. The resolution acknowledged that millions of innocent people in Belarus, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Russia, and Ukraine, which were parts of the Soviet Union, lost their lives as a result of mass starvation caused by the cruel and deliberate actions and policies of the Soviet regime. It encouraged the authorities of all these countries to agree on joint activities aimed at commemorating the victims of the Great Famine, regardless of their nationality. However, the resolution did not acknowledge this policy as one directed specifically towards the extermination of the Ukrainian nation.
In the context of this debate, I also consider it very important to identify the precise number of famine victims (to avoid falsifications). According to the research of the Institute of Demography and Social Studies of the National Academy of Science of Ukraine, 3.5 million people died in Ukraine in the period 1932-33. George Grabovicz, the author of the chapter “The Holodomor and Memory,” claims a figure of “five million to seven million or indeed more” (p. 132), without referring to any source. This is exaggerated data. Viktor Yuschenko, the ex-president of Ukraine, went even further and falsely claimed 15-16.5 million victims. Why was this not criticized? Operating with such numbers, Yuschenko dangerously claimed to consider the denial of the Holodomor as “genocide of the Ukrainian nation” as “a criminal act.” Who knows how far that idea would have gone if Yuschenko had been elected to a second term? To make the volume more objective and give the reader an opportunity to examine the 1932-33 crisis more fully, the editor should have included a paper relating to the situation in the Volga basin (Povolzhye), in addition to those devoted to the Ural region.
The chapter by Gijs Kessler, “The 1932-1933 Crisis and Its Aftermath beyond the Epicenters of Famine: The Urals Region,” is very well organized and relies on both primary and secondary sources, and actually describes the real picture of the situation in the Urals. However, the situation in the Urals could not be a pattern of what was going on in the rest of the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic (RSFSR). The author asserts, “As the example of the Urals eloquently demonstrates, this set of policies alone was enough to produce famine and starvation within three years. In regions where further complicating factors were added in, like the 'denomadization' in Kazakhstan or the antinationalist campaign in Ukraine, it produced mass famine” (p. 127). I do not find this thesis persuasive. It should be better supported with evidence from the other regions of the RSFSR. Certainly, this article is well developed. However, its inclusion without articles from other regions seems to be an editorial tool to advance the theory of purposeful extermination of the Ukrainian nation through famine.
Hennadii Boriak’s chapter, “Sources and Resources on the Famine in Ukraine’s State Archival System,” claims to be a comprehensive study of documents from the tragic years 1932-33. However, it leaves the distinct impression that the author wishes to accuse the Soviet regime of deliberately targeting Ukrainians in the Holodomor. I do not feel there is enough evidence presented to warrant accusations of a government-led terror campaign against the Ukrainian peasantry specifically. In this paper, I did not find any examples of methods used by the Soviet power against Ukrainian peasants that were not also used against Russian peasants.
Like many Ukrainian historians, Borak quotes the famous letter from Stalin to Kaganovich from August 11, 1932, in which Stalin demanded that Ukraine not be lost. Borak considers this letter to be openly anti-Ukrainian (p. 31). Another author of this volume, Graziosi, also cites this quotation (p. 7). Interestingly, however, these authors (proponents of the Holdomor theory) do not quote the document in its fuller context, in which Stalin continued, “Our aim is to turn Ukraine to the true fortress of the USSR, to the model Soviet republic. We should spend as much financial resources as necessary to achieve that.” Why conveniently leave this important context out of their argument? Considering Stalin’s statement in full context opens a totally different perspective on the situation.
Throughout the majority of the papers, I noticed the very serious claim that the famine in Ukraine was an anti-nationalist campaign–but where is the evidence supporting this assertion? We know there is no direct evidence supporting this claim. According to the supporters of this theory, the absence of documents may be evidence in and of itself: we can assume that Bolsheviks destroyed them because the documents would have proven the anti-nationalist motive behind collectivization. I do not want to deny this possibility, but it should be properly presented as such. Part of the problem may stem from the fact that the central Soviet power in the republics was associated with the Russians, although if one considers the nationalities of the people who held that power one finds great diversity: Georgians, Ukrainians, Jews, Armenians, etc. Accordingly, the policy which was applicable to the whole Soviet territory was anti-class (in this case a war against the peasantry) and was viewed as anti-nationalist in the republics.
Sergei Maksudov’s study, “Victory over Peasantry,” reads very well. In contrast to other authors, Maksudov does not mention the word “genocide” once in his chapter, but instead develops a very thorough study of the 1931-33 famine in Ukraine and brings much evidence of individual and family tragedy caused by collectivization. I consider his to be the most appropriate approach to the topic. He does not throw unsubstantiated accusations at Stalin’s regime of intentions to kill the Ukrainian nation, but instead collects and organizes evidence of the suffering caused by the ambitious policy of collectivization.
The chapter by Niccolo Pianciola also made a positive impression on me. The author uses both primary and secondary sources to reveal the situation in Kazakhstan (which proportionately suffered most from the consequences of collectivization). He justly accuses the Soviet regime of the policy of “denomadization” of Kazakhs, which broke their cultural traditions and led to numerous deaths.
The last chapter in the volume, “The Holodomor and Memory” by George Grabowicz, presents an emotional appeal versus a factual one, opening the door to justified criticism. For example, the author writes, “In Ukraine there is ... neither a museum where one can actualize memory and give voice to grief, nor exhibits, nor a generally known narrative of the events” (p. 131). This is not factual. Indeed, the Holodomor memorial opened in Kiev in 2008 and monuments to Holdomor victims in other Ukrainian cities (Dnipropetrovsk, Kharkiv, Poltava, Vinnitskaya oblast) opened in 2006. During the Yushchenko presidency, whenever foreign official delegations came to Ukraine, they had to pay a visit to the memorial. The exhibition “We Accuse. Holodomor of 1932-1933. Genocide of Ukrainian People” was prepared by the Security Service of Ukraine and opened in Kiev in 2008. Student visits to this exhibition became a mandatory feature of the curriculum in Ukrainian schools. The same exhibition opened in other Ukrainian cities as well. Additionally, the film Holodomor: Ukraine of the XX century: Technology of Genocide was made and broadcast in Ukraine in 2008.
Admittedly, the quality of the exhibitions and the film was not very good. The film about the Ukrainian famine showed footage of a 1920s famine filmed in the Volga basin (Povolzhye), but the accompanying commentary suggested that these tragic events were filmed in Ukraine in 1932-33. It also cynically asserted that while people in Ukraine were “dying” from famine, people who lived in the Volga basin were only “suffering” from famine. This situation caused great distrust regarding the whole idea of the Holodomor. It was also revealed that some pictures of the “Ukrainian Holodomor” presented at the exhibitions were in actuality photos taken in the United States during the Great Depression and in Povolzhye in the 1920s. These findings obviously damage the credibility of the Holodomor theory. The author also attempts to convince the reader that what went on in Ukraine during 1932-33 should be considered genocide against the Ukrainian nation, but fails to offer any supporting evidence.
In summary, I conclude that while interesting and thought-provoking, this collection is underresearched. Some claims and assertions by such authors of the volume as Graziosi, Boriak, and Grabowicz are not supported with verifiable evidence and thus are debatable. That said, the fact that this collection sparks such debate serves ultimately to enrich critical analyses of Soviet history.
. “PASE ne pozvolila Ukraine natsionalizirovat Holodomor,” http://lenta.ru/news/2008/05/16/golodomor/ (accessed April 4, 2010).
. “Commemorating the Victims of the Great Famine (Holodomor) in the Former USSR,” Resolution 1723 (2010), http://assembly.coe.int/main.asp?Link=/documents/adoptedtext/ta10/eres1723.htm (accessed May 17, 2010).
. “Na Ukraine podschitali tochnoe chislo zhertv Holodomora,” http://lenta.ru/news/2008/11/12/total/ (accessed April 4, 2010).
. Expert: Trebovaniya k OON po Holodomoru – avanturism, http://www.rosbalt.ru/2007/10/26/425827.html (accessed April 4, 2010).
. Holodomor 1933: Nevyiuchennyie uroki istorii, telecast, dir. Alexei Denisov, Russia (2008), http://www.etvnet.com/golodomor-1933-nevyiuchennyie-uroki-istorii/53905/ (accessed March 25, 2010).
. “Holodomor,” Wikipedia entry, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holodomor#Remembrance (accessed May 17, 2010).
. Holodomor 1933: Nevyiuchennyie uroki istorii.
. “SBU poymali na falsifikatsii: v vistavke pro Holodomor ispolzuyutsya fotografii Velikoy Depressii v SSHA,” photograph, http://www.nr2.ru/crimea/223417.html (accessed April 4, 2010).
If there is additional discussion of this review, you may access it through the network, at: https://networks.h-net.org/h-russia.
Yana Pitner. Review of Hryn, Halyna, ed., Hunger by Design: The Great Ukrainian Famine and Its Soviet Context.
H-Russia, H-Net Reviews.
|This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.|

Take a look at our photo gallery of giants and patriots in the Smithsonian Institution.
In honor of Super Bowl Sunday, we’ve come up with our own contest of “giants” and “patriots.” A disclaimer, though: it has nothing to do with football. We’ve combed through archives and collections across the Smithsonian Institution to come up with a unique set of patriots and giants for you to check out to get ready for the game.
If you’re a Giants fan, we’ve got everything from giant pandas to giant sequoias to “Elaganeek: the Eskimo Giant.” “Giant’s Thumb,” a 1926 woodcut by Howard Cook in the American Art Museum, depicts one of the artist’s favorite natural spots in New Mexico, his adopted home.
For New England fans, though, the Smithsonian is filled with patriots both real and invented. Uncle Sam, of course, is the country’s iconic patriot, but real-life figures like George Washington and Samuel Adams were the original embodiments of patriotism during the birth of the country. The concept of patriotism is so powerful that the U.S. military has named missiles after it.
“Giant Demon Attacks a Ship,” an Indian watercolor painted by a Jain artist sometime around 1775, is the one piece that Giants fans might interpret as a good omen for the game. In the painting, a large blue demon seems poised to destroy a British ship, filled with sailors dressed not so differently from the Patriots original mascot, Pat Patriot. Watch on Sunday to see how the real life matchups turns out.

Gordon Strachan does not believe in change for its own sake. Only last week he railed against the practice of international teams completely changing their starting XI at the interval during challenge matches, claiming such tactics devalued the experience for players, managers and supporters.
The Scotland manager prefers to find a system that works and then attempt to perfect it. However, on Tuesday night at Molde’s Aker Stadion against Norway, he will make an exception.
Since replacing Craig Levein in January he has enjoyed success while operating with a solitary striker. The withdrawal of Ross McCormack due to a hamstring problem means that Steven Naismith of Everton and late addition Kris Boyd of Kilmarnock were the only forwards on the flight on Monday.
However, Strachan revealed that Boyd will start the match on the bench, meaning that the innovations devised by himself, assistant Mark McGhee and coach Stuart McCall will be evident further back.
It will be anathema to the members of the if-it-ain’t-broke-don’t fix-it brigade but the manager is surely right to use the final friendly of 2013 to experiment. Indeed, he claimed yesterday that, depending on the outcome tonight, the new formation may become his preferred option.
Confirming that Boyd will not start, he claimed: “We try never to have a lone striker. We try to ensure that there are always other people working round him and that the striker is never working on his own.
“Was Robert Snodgrass a striker alongside Steven Fletcher against the USA? He looked like one, although he would also drop back into midfield.
“So it’s entirely up to you to say that we play 4-4-1-1 or 4-2-3-1. There are all sorts of different ways you can play when you have the ball.
“Tomorrow we’re going to try something a wee bit different, which I think is right.
“I want to clear my mind. We don’t have to win by a lot of goals: I just want to see that this particular system can be used later on.
“We’ve worked on it for the past few days just to put some pictures in the players’ minds. We could easily have made Sunday a rest day but I’ve got to say that it was the best training session we’ve had this year.
“It was fantastic in terms of what we asked them to do and because it was a bit different. I wouldn’t say that it’s a Plan B because it could become Plan A. You never know.
“But I certainly wouldn’t want to sit around now and then try it in seven months’ time. So let’s have a look at it now.”
Boyd has never been renowned for his mobility but Strachan made it clear that, unless an exceptional talent emerges, the needs of the individual must take second place to the collective good.
“We do not have a [Gareth] Bale, [Cristiano] Ronaldo or [Lionel] Messi, an individual so special that you adapt your team for them,” he said. “When you come to this squad you have to adapt your game to us.
“That’s what I’ve been saying to everybody that joins us. You might play a certain system here or there and that’s great for your club but here you need to adapt to how we play. Those are the criteria.
“Can you adapt to how we’re playing and can you add to this squad when you come along, being a positive influence in everything you do? If you agree to that, then fine.”
Strachan admits that he is still learning how to cope with the different demands of international management and admits that the back-to-back defeats at home to Wales and away to Serbia in March taught him a painful lesson.
“It was a learning curve because you learn how to deal with a double-header – and I’m not sure we dealt properly with the disappointment of losing the first game there,” he said.
Blackpool goalkeeper Matt Gilks was also unable to travel yesterday due to injury, meaning that David Marshall of Cardiff City will almost certainly retain his place ahead of the uncapped Scott Fox.
However, while admitting that his systems will be set in stone, Strachan stresses that the make-up of his squads will be fluid and entirely performance-related.
“There are boys of 17 and 18 in the under-21 squad at the moment and how they go in the next three months will determine the make-up of our squad,” he said.
“But Gordon Greer has just made his debut at nearly 33 and no one could be happier. That’s wonderful.”
Dundee United midfielder Stuart Armstrong, 21, was brought into the squad for the first time on Sunday and Strachan was delighted to note that Boyd, 30 and in international limbo for over three years, sounded as thrilled as the younger man when he answered his telephone.
“I feared him for a while when he was at Rangers then I admired him when I wasn’t there,” he said.
“It was a shame I didn’t have enough time to work with him because he loves his football, you know.
“He’s a connoisseur of football, he takes in everything and he works hard at training.”

China’s web registry regulator, the China Internet Network Information Centre (CNNIC), has today released a new tranche of data showing the size of the Chinese internet landscape at the end of 2012. The report reveals that the country now has 564-million internet users, meaning that web penetration is up to 42.1 percent of the populace. It also reveals how many use social media like Weibo.
On the mobile side of things, China now has 420-million mobile web users. That’s not to be confused with the billion-plus total phone subscribers, or the 200-million who have signed up for 3G on their smartphones. CNNIC credits the popularity of e-commerce and social media like Sina Weibo for this area of growth.
Another substantial stat is that, according to CNNIC, China now has 309 million microblog users on the Twitter-like services such as Sina Weibo and Tencent Weibo. That means 54.7% of all netizens are active microblog users. Of those, 202-million access one of the many Weibo/Twitter clones on their phones.
Sina Weibo announced that it has 400-million registered users back in November of last year, but it didn’t indicate how many of those are active.
Other interesting statistics include:

EXPIRED - FOR SALE: Nakamichi MB4-S 7-Disc Compact Disc MusicBank
Item #123978Info: Nakamichi MB4-S 7-Disc Compact Disc MusicBank
Apr 09, 09 7:25am
Edited: Apr 27, 09 8:12pm
Sponsored post - log in to remove this ad.
In great condition Nakamichi MB4-s 7-Disc Compact Disc Music Bank. I would rate it 8/10 mostly due to age. I do not have the remote, manual or original boxes.
Everything works as it should. Asking $100 O.B.O.
Pictures upon request.
Split Paypal fee's 1.5%, Shipping charges T.B.D. by location and method of shipment.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Canuck Audio Mart is FREE!

"STUBBY" HAUL BAG. (Volume - 35 Litre)
Ideal for a wall-in-a-day or to complement your partner's bag on longer routes. (Tough Construction) 2 in stock! SUPER SPECIAL!!! $189.00
Chockstone Forum - Trip Reports
Tells Us About Your Latest Trip!
|Trip Report: Ozymandias Direct - Solo
On 24/06/2014 DMWdesign wrote:
>On 18/03/2014 huwj wrote:
>>While the Defender rap is straightforward enough, that final section
>of Comet Ramp is not pleasant.
>in what way is it not pleasant?
>i ask because I am planning on doing an abseiling trip down Defender to
>Fuhrer Ledge then down Comet Ramp and then walk out via track the way you
>came in (I am not a rock climber)
huwj may not reply for a while, as I understand he has just left / (in process of leaving?), Australia for an extended overseas (climbing, etc), trip.
So, ... at the risk of you thinking I am stalking you off the other thread, since I keep answering your posts...; I will take a punt and suggest he found it unpleasant because he was burdened with a large/heavy haulbag of climbing accoutrement for a multiday ascent.
This is often a serious amount of gear, and once sufficient water is added for the adventure, can easily equal your own bodyweight.
Having done the same myself I easily understand why haulbags are referred to as 'pigs' in yank-parlance (or wombats as the aussie version), as they are unwieldy items that seem to have a mind of their own at times!
Abseiling a clean airy wall like Defender with one of those hanging off you is hard enough, but once you enter the irregular and sometimes slot-like confines of some of the abseils of Comet Ramp with one, they tend to become more lively and give you grief!
You can clearly see his wombat posing with him in this pic he posted...
On 24/06/2014 IdratherbeclimbingM9 wrote:
>.....So, ... at the risk of you thinking I am stalking you off the other thread, since I keep answering your posts....
yes, I would not like that thing dangling b/n my legs
Nice work. Go climb She now.
There are 23 messages in this topic.
Home | Guide | Gallery | Tech Tips | Articles | Reviews | Dictionary | Forum | Links | About | Search
Chockstone Photography | Landscape Photography Australia | Australian Landscape Photography | Landscape Photos Australia
Please read the full disclaimer before using any information contained on these pages.
Australian Panoramic |
Australian Coast |
Australian Mountains |
Australian Countryside |
Australian Waterfalls |
Australian Lakes |
Australian Cities |
Australian Macro |
Landscape Photo |
Landscape Photography |
Landscape Photography Australia |
Fine Art Photography |
Wilderness Photography |
Nature Photo |
Australian Landscape Photo |
Stock Photography Australia |
Landscape Photos |
Panoramic Photos |
Panoramic Photography Australia |
Australian Landscape Photography |
Mothers Day Gifts |
Gifts for Mothers Day |
Mothers Day Gift Ideas |
Ideas for Mothers Day |
Wedding Gift Ideas |
Christmas Gift Ideas |
Fathers Day Gifts |
Gifts for Fathers Day |
Fathers Day Gift Ideas |
Ideas for Fathers Day |
Landscape Prints |
Landscape Poster |
Limited Edition Prints |
Panoramic Photo |
Buy Posters |

- Town/Country :
- Title : Miss
- Birth Date :
Sunday 22 February 1998 (18 years old)
- <3 status : Single
- Number of visits : 157
- Number of comments : 0
- Number of FMLs :
0 confirmed out of 3 posted
About modeling2016 : Im a model and LOVE to PARTY
modeling2016's FML badges
Up and coming moderator
It’s nice of you to help us sort out the submissions, using FML’s moderate feature.
This isn't what should be happening
You've set the cat off again, he's started pushing fruit out of bodies of water. Well done.
You have looked through 5 pages of the website. That’s a start.
See all of modeling2016's badges
Doh! This user still hasn't added any FMLs to their favorites. :(

Details:Legislative Director and Counsel to Rep. Scott McInnis (Republican-CO), 1998-2004. Former Legislative Manager, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Treasury, during the George H.W. Bush (Republican) administration.
Biographical:Associate, Bosley & Hutzelman, P.C., 1996-98.
Education:1989, B.A., Williams College, MA, Political Economy; 1996, J.D., University of Colorado Law School, CO.
For further information, contact www.lobbyists.info
Columbia Books Inc. protects this information by copyright as a collective work or compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and international copyright laws. Users of the Revolving Door section of OpenSecrets.org may not and may not permit others to transfer, publish, modify, create derivative works, reverse engineer, transmit, sell, sublicense, rent, lease, resell for profit or distribute Columbia Books Inc. data.
Close this window

0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
nice going dukes. NOT.dukes and flores both freaked us with a runner in scoring position tonight. darnit.
Relax guys, we have this game in the bag. The Nats are destined to win anytime spidey is in the game thread.
Dukes smoked one. JDub isn't earning these starts.
Nice patience JDub
remember around here ALMOST doesn't count.
Famous last words
2 strikes in a row called balls.it's really incredible the score is 0-0 considering how small this umpire's strike zone is.
Patience had nothing to do with it:
The ump is giving pitchers the outside and taking away the inside
Who is that guy in the Nieves commercial?
It wasn't a good hit that is for sure, but you gotta swing at fastballs right down the chute. He should have crushed that one, it looked like he timed it wrong though.
68 pitches thru 5... he could go 7.
Sorry, I didn't portray that sentiment with "well, crap" - I meant to
Lannan is rolling
Page created in 0.122 seconds with 22 queries.

i use wordpress.com to keep progress of my scientific work (tags and having it on the web is useful).
a lot of times i need to post a plot of data. the best solution that i came up with is to use gnuplot to make data and then post a png image. is there a better way where i can just post data and wordpress can do the plotting? there is a gnuplot plug in for wordpress.org. but i don't think there is a way to use it here. may be it's possible to embed excel or google docs?
The blog I need help with is kirilligum.wordpress.com.

January 6, 2008
Jule F. Burny, age 89, passed away on Sept. 9, 2007 in Palm Beach, FL. Mr. Burny had been a longtime resident of Palm Beach. Originally from Chicago, IL, he had served as the CEO of Burny Brothers Bakery, the largest variety bakery in the United States. Burny Brothers was founded by Mr. Burny's father and his father's two brothers in 1910, soon after they had immigrated to the United States from France. The business grew rapidly under Jule's leadership and Burny Brothers became a household name.
December 23, 2007
Michelle Nicole Chepak, 35, of Hypoluxo, FL died Thursday after a brave fight against cancer. Michelle was an LPGA teaching professional for eight years at Pine Tree Golf Club in Boynton Beach. A 1994 graduate of St. Thomas Aquinas College (Sparkill, N.Y.), she has the distinction of being the only female golfer ever to qualify for the NAIA golf championships, playing in the 1994 finals at the TPC Sawgrass course in Jacksonville. In addition to her work at Pine Tree, Michelle also loved teaching golf to physically and mentally handicapped children at the Children's Golf Foundation of West Palm Beach.
December 20, 2007
Frances Virginia Arrigo, of West Palm Beach, FL passed away peacefully on Monday, Dec. 17, 2007. Born in Chicago, IL, March 27, 1932 came to West Palm Beach in 1989. She was the wife for 55 years to Joseph S. Arrigo, Chairman and CEO of Arrigo Dodge Chrysler-Jeep in West Palm Beach, FL. Her life was dedicated to family being the mother of 3 and grandmother of 10. She was the best mother, grandmother, sister, aunt and friend. She leaves behind her loving husband, Joseph; three children, Virginia Arrigo Landrum and son-in-law, Don Landrum, Jim J Arrigo and daughter-in-law, Margaret, and John J Arrigo and daughter- in- law, Robin all of West Palm Beach.
August 7, 2007
Frances Florence Valenziano, nee Warden, age 70, of West Palm Beach, FL, formerly of Fox Lake, beloved wife of Martin; loving mother of Raymond (Kim) Warden, James (Mary), Salvatore (Marcie), Michael (Chris) Valenziano and Mary Jo (Dale) Thiboult; cherished grandmother of 10; dear sister of Robert, Patrick, Gerald, John, Joseph Jr. Warden, Bernadine Banti, Barbara Warden, Loretta Singleton, Patricia Bolte, Carol Sosnowski and Kathleen Doules. Funeral Thursday, 11 a.m. atSpring Grove Funeral Chapel, 8103 Wilmot Rd. (one mile north of Rt. 12)
July 17, 2007
Aileen Macritchie, 82, passed away on Monday, July 16, 2007 at her residence in Jensen Beach, FL. Born in Martinsburg, WV on Oct. 2, 1924. She was a member of Women of the Moose as well as Grace Presbyterian Church of Jensen Beach. She was preceded in death by her daughter, Janet Simpson. Survived by her husband of 64 years Calum Macritchie, C.P.D.; daughter, Carol Pawelczak, son Calum Macritchie, Jr.; 10 grandchildren; 16 great-grandchildren; brothers, Raymond Edwards and Jack Edwards.
December 11, 2006
Joseph F. Drotziger, 80, of West Palm Beach, FL, passed away peacefully under the wonderful care of Hospice of Palm Beach County on Dec. 2, 2006. He had been a resident of West Palm Beach since April 2006 having moved from Park Forest, IL. He is survived by his daughter, Sylvia Esones; son-in-law Dave; sister Lorraine Bruni and husband Ted of Darien, IL; sister-in-law Marie Perkins of Oswego, IL; grandchildren Sheryle Heuer, David Esones, Beth Ann Bocock; great grandchildren Jenna, Jack, Anthony, Jacob, Stephanie Ann; and many nieces and nephews.
December 10, 2006
Margaret M. Petsch, nee Cecil, age 82, formerly of Mt. Prospect, IL, died Tuesday, Dec. 5, 2006 in West Palm Beach, FL, loving mother of Nancy (William) Byrnes and John Petsch; dearest grandmother of Kevin (Haeli) and Megan Byrnes; cherished sister of Robert (Mary), George and the late Francis (Jane) Cecil. Visitation Monday, Dec. 11, 5 to 8 p.m. at Matz Funeral Home, 410 E. Rand Rd., Mt. Prospect. Lying in state Tuesday from 9 a.m. until time of Mass 10 a.m. at St. Cecilia Church, 700 S. Meier Rd., Mt. Prospect.
October 18, 2006
Richard Carduff Perkaus Sr., "Rick", 65 of Lake Clarke Shores, FL, died Wednesday, October 11, 2006 of complications due to lung disease. He was preceded in death by his loving wife, Janie, nee Kalgert. He is survived by his son, Rick Jr. (Stephanie); daughter, Donna (Mark) Beal; four grandchildren; loving brother to Bob (Barbara), MaryAnn Kelly Boltz, Nancy (Roger) Farrell. He graduated from Loyola Academy, Wilmette, IL in 1959. In the mid '70's, he founded Fastener Specialties in the Chicago area, later relocated to West Palm Beach, FL. Rick had great passion for both family and business.
May 28, 2006
Ruth W. Lewis, 94, longtime resident of West Palm Beach, FL and community volunteer, died on Thursday, May 25, 2006, at La Posada in Palm Beach Gardens, FL. Mrs. Lewis was born on Chicago's South Side and graduated from Hyde Park High School. She was the daughter of the late Anna and Reuben Weinstein. After her marriage to Murray R. Lewis (dec.), Chairman of Rembrandt Lamp Corporation, they moved to Glencoe, IL. In Chicago, Mrs. Lewis founded and was a board member of the Women's Auxiliary of the Gastro-Intestinal Research Foundation, serving as its president for many years.

Our subsidiary Cogelub has recently had its MASE certification renewed for a period of one year.
EIS, a Clemessy subsidiary, carried out the architectural illumination of the citadel in Mane
Clemessy has recently taken over the company Meci
Clemessy Motors has recently finished renovating an excitation set for the EDF power plant in Cordemais.
Clemessy has been awarded a contract by AREVA NP to install surveillance systems for the steam generators at the Flamanville 3 EPR.

Who is junebug? I've read some of her stuff other than that IDK her.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_addressAn Internet Protocol address (IP address) is a numerical label assigned to each device (e.g., computer, printer) participating in a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication. An IP address serves two principal functions: host or network interface identification and location addressing. Internet Protocol addresses are assigned to a host either at the time of booting, or permanently by fixed configuration of its hardware or software. Persistent configuration is also known as using a static IP address.
In computing, geolocation software is used to deduce the geolocation (geographic location) of another party. For example, on the Internet, one geolocation approach is to identify the subject party's IP address, then determine what country (including down to the city and post/ZIP code level), organization, or user the IP address has been assigned to, and finally, determine that party's location.
You can, for example, use a particular IP address (which is reported to websites every time you connect to them) to find the location where that user is connecting from - whether they be at the North Pole, in the Amazon Rainforests, or somewhere off the Kansas Turnpike, near the East Branch Whitewater River. As you can imagine, if two users log on to the same site, both their IP addresses will be captured and you can compare the two. Broadly speaking, similar addresses are likely to be from similar geographic locations, and two users with identical IP addresses can generally be assumed to be posting from computers attached to the same router.

Calling all foodies — aka culinary enthusiasts!
Don’t miss out on some of the most exciting, innovative and inspiring cooking classes in West Michigan.
Grand Rapids Community College’s Secchia Institute for Culinary Education is one of the leading culinary programs in the nation — 35 years and going strong!
Culinary enthusiasts can savor our world-class facilities and well-seasoned instructors in a GRCC Cooks workshop — a fun culinary learning experience! Our community workshops can launch you to far-flung and exotic places like Thailand, South America, Vietnam and Africa. Instructors will teach you the savory fundamentals of knife skills, soups, sauces, sushi or vegan cooking.
Maybe you want to know how to braise the world’s best pot roast or how to crank out fresh, tender, herb-scented pasta, or equally inspiring, how to scramble perfect, silky eggs. Regardless of how you sear, steam, sizzle or sprinkle, we definitely have a place for you at our culinary table!
Your apron awaits...
Contact GRCC Cooks

Precious - www.littlepuppiesonline.com
This Puppy Is No Longer Available!
Similar Puppies Currently Available
Female Yorkshire Terrier - Yorkie
3 years, 35 weeks
Yes, $285.00 (Estimated)
- • shot record
- • vet checked
- • health warranty
Precious is a AKC TEACUP Yorkie and will be UNDER 4 pounds full grown!! She has an incredible temperament! She is AKC registered. She is very playful, super healthy, and very well socialized. This little girl will really melt your heart. It is so cute just to watch her little legs hop around the house. Please contact us with any questions regarding Precious. She is up to date on her shots and dewormings and comes with a one year health warranty. Precious can also be microchipped for only $39.99! Shipping is an additional $285 to your nearest airport anywhere in the US or Canada or we can drive her to your home for $1 a mile round trip!!! Precious may also be picked up at our home in Ohio. Visit our website www.littlepuppiesonline.com to see more yorkie puppies for sale or call us at 740-497-2333 or at 740-501-6746 with any questions.
See more details

Endovascular abdominal aortic aneurysm repair is surgery to repair a widened area in your aorta. This is called an aneurysm. The aorta is the large artery that carries blood to your belly, pelvis, and legs.
An aortic aneurysm is when a part of this artery becomes too large or balloons outward. It occurs due to weakness in the wall of the artery.
This procedure is done in an operating room, in the radiology department of the hospital, or in a catheterization lab. You will lie on a padded table. You may receive general anesthesia (you are asleep and pain-free) or epidural or spinal anesthesia.
- Your doctor will make a small surgical cut near the groin, to find the femoral artery. Then your doctor will insert a stent (a metal coil) and a manmade (synthetic) graft through the cut into the artery.
- The doctor uses x-rays to guide the stent graft up into your aorta, to where the aneurysm is located. The doctor will open the stent using a spring-like mechanism and attach it to the walls of the aorta. Your aneurysm will eventually shrink around it.
- The doctor will then use x-rays again to make sure the stent is in the right place and your aneurysm is not bleeding inside your body.
Why the Procedure is Performed
Endovascular aortic repair is done because your aneurysm is very large, growing quickly, or is leaking or bleeding.
You may have an abdominal aortic aneurysm that is not causing any symptoms or problems. Your doctor may have found out about this problem when you had an ultrasound or CT scan for another reason. There is a risk that this aneurysm may open up (rupture) if you do not have surgery to repair it. However, surgery to repair the aneurysm may also be risky. In such cases, endovascular repair is an option.
You and your doctor must decide whether the risk of having this surgery is smaller than the risk of rupture if you do not have surgery to repair the problem. The doctor is more likely to recommend that you have surgery if the aneurysm is:
- Larger (about 2 inches or 5 cm)
- Growing more quickly (a little less than 1/4 inch over the last 6 to 12 months)
Endovascular repair has a lower risk of complications compared to open surgery. Your doctor is more likely to suggest this type of repair if you have other serious medical problems or are elderly.
Risks for any surgery are:
- Blood clots in the legs that may travel to the lungs
- Breathing problems
- Infection, including in the lungs, urinary tract, and belly
- Heart attack or stroke
- Reactions to medicines
Risks for this surgery are:
- Bleeding around the graft that needs more surgery
- Bleeding before or after procedure
- Blockage of the stent
- Damage to a nerve, causing weakness, pain, or numbness in the leg
- Kidney failure
- Poor blood supply to your legs, your kidneys, or other organs
- Problems getting or keeping an erection
- Surgery is not successful and you need open surgery
- The stent slips
Before the Procedure
Your health care provider will examine you and order tests before you have surgery.
Always tell your provider what drugs you are taking, even drugs, supplements, or herbs you bought without a prescription.
If you are a smoker, you should stop. Your provider can help. Here are other things you will need to do before your surgery:
- About two weeks before your surgery, you will visit your provider to make sure any medical problems, such as diabetes, high blood pressure, and heart or lung problems, are well treated.
- You also may be asked to stop taking drugs that make it harder for your blood to clot. These include aspirin, ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin), clopidogrel (Plavix), warfarin (Coumadin), and naprosyn (Aleve, Naproxen).
- Ask which drugs you should still take on the day of your surgery.
- Always tell your provider if you get a cold, flu, fever, herpes breakout, or other illness before your surgery.
The evening before your surgery:
- DO NOT drink anything after midnight, including water.
On the day of your surgery:
- Take any medicines your doctor told you to take with a small sip of water.
- You will be told when to arrive at the hospital.
After the Procedure
Most people stay in the hospital for 3 to 5 days after this surgery, depending on the type of procedure they had. Most often, the recovery from this procedure is faster and with less pain than with open surgery. Also, you will most likely be able to go home sooner.
During a hospital stay, you may:
- Be in the intensive care unit (ICU), where you will be watched very closely at first
- Have a urinary catheter
- Be given medicines to thin your blood
- Be encouraged to sit on the side of your bed and then walk
- Wear special stockings to prevent blood clots in your legs
- Receive pain medicine into your veins or into the space that surrounds your spinal cord (epidural)
Recovery after endovascular repair is quick in most cases.
You will need to be watched and checked regularly to make sure your repaired aortic aneurysm is not leaking blood.
EVAR; Endovascular aneurysm repair - aorta; AAA repair - endovascular; Repair - aortic aneurysm - endovascular
Braverman AC. Diseases of the aorta. In: Mann DL, Zipes DP, Libby P, Bonow RO, Braunwald E, eds. Braunwald's Heart Disease: A Textbook of Cardiovascular Medicine. 10th ed. Philadelphia, PA: Elsevier Saunders; 2015:chap 57.
Lederle FA, Freischlag JA, Kyriakides TC, Matsumura JS, Padberg FT Jr, Kohler TR, et al. Long-term comparison of endovascular and open repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm. N Engl J Med. 2012 Nov 22;367(21):1988-97. PMID: 23171095 www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23171095.
Tracci MC, Cherry JR KJ. The Aorta. In: Townsend CM, Beauchamp RD, Evers BM, Mattox KL, eds. Sabiston Textbook of Surgery. 19th ed. Philadelphia, PA: Elsevier Saunders; 2012:chap 62.
Update Date 12/26/2014
Updated by: Deepak Sudheendra, MD, Assistant Professor of Interventional Radiology & Surgery at the University of Pennsylvania, with an expertise in Vascular Interventional Radiology & Surgical Critical Care, Philadelphia, PA. Review provided by VeriMed Healthcare Network. Also reviewed by David Zieve, MD, MHA, Isla Ogilvie, PhD, and the A.D.A.M. Editorial team.

A hidden compartment in your vehicle, with or without drugs, could mean big trouble as Ohio officials get serious about slowing down drug-smuggling.
A proposed state law, advocated by Gov. John Kasich, would make it a fourth-degree felony to own a vehicle equipped with secret compartments. A conviction would mean up to 18 months in jail and a potential $5,000 fine.
The hidden-compartment law, coupled with nearly 150 new highway signs warning traffickers that they face prison time in Ohio, are part of a stepped-up drug interdiction campaign announced yesterday by Kasich. The governor gave a brief commencement address at graduation ceremonies for the 151st Ohio State Highway Patrol Academy class at the academy, adjacent to the state fairgrounds.
Kasich unveiled a new number for motorists with cellphones — #677 — to alert law enforcement about possible drug activities.
“A lot of the people that are dealing these drugs are after our kids,” Kasich said at a news conference. “When you see something, call this number.”
The governor’s news conference, held in a patrol academy garage, played out against the backdrop of a pickup truck loaded with tens of thousands of dollars of cocaine
. The drugs were scooped up in the patrol’s expanding and increasingly successful campaign to slow down drug trafficking by stopping smugglers on the highways.
Last year, troopers seized nearly 6 million grams of illegal drugs valued at $69.5 million, Kasich said. The patrol made more than 6,000 drug arrests, 9 percent more than 2010. So far this year, the patrol has seized more heroin than in all of 2011, officials said.
Part of the new drug-interdiction strategy is legislation to be introduced by Sen. Jim Hughes, R-Columbus, that would make it a fourth-degree felony to own a vehicle that has special hidden compartments — whether or not they are found to hold drugs. Currently, there is no state law prohibiting secret compartments, frequently used for drug smuggling.
A draft of the law describes a hidden compartment as a “space, box, or other closed container” that is added, modified or attached to an existing vehicle.
Hughes’ proposal is aimed at vehicles like one displayed yesterday — a 2008 Chevrolet Silverado stopped by a patrol trooper on I-71 in Medina County last year. The vehicle was equipped with a sophisticated electronic system that opened hidden compartments located behind the rear taillights. A combination of relay signals, activated by having the ignition on, tapping the brake pedal, seat lever and switches on the dashboard, caused the taillight assembly to slide out, exposing the hidden compartments.
When the vehicle was stopped, the compartments contained 6 kilograms of cocaine, apparently destined for Akron. The driver, Stan Hatch, 63, of Fort Wayne, Ind., was charged with possession of drugs and sentenced to eight years in prison.
“This stuff has been moving to and from Ohio, and has been for years,” said Col. John Born, patrol superintendent.
Law-enforcement officials said Ohio is a critical crossroads for interstate trafficking of drugs because of several major interstate highways that pass through the state and the state’s proximity to Canada.
The new road signs, with both white and blue backgrounds, will be erected on numerous highways, particularly interstates just inside Ohio’s state lines. The money for the signs comes from drug-related property forfeitures. The #677 number is being provided at no cost to the state by a consortium of cellular companies.
The Columbus Dispatch 25TH Feb 2012

The Confessions of Catherine de Medici
BONUS: This edition contains a The Confessions of Catherine de Medici discussion guide and an excerpt from C.W. Gortner's The Queen's Vow.
The truth is, not one of us is innocent. We all have sins to confess. So reveals Catherine de Medici, the last legitimate descendant of her family’s illustrious line. Expelled from her native Florence, Catherine is betrothed to Henri, son of François I of France. In an unfamiliar realm, Catherine strives to create a role for herself through her patronage of the famous clairvoyant Nostradamus and her own innate gift as a seer. But in her fortieth year, Catherine is widowed, left alone with six young children in a kingdom torn apart by the ambitions of a treacherous nobility. Relying on her tenacity, wit, and uncanny gift for compromise, Catherine seizes power, intent on securing the throne for her sons, unaware that if she is to save France, she may have to sacrifice her ideals, her reputation, and the secret of her embattled heart.
- Random House Publishing Group, May 2010
- Download options:
- EPUB 2 (Adobe DRM)
You can read this item using any of the following Kobo apps and devices:

freeporm sitestar login microsoft - CamMe.com
free singles dating agency cyrano movie
Strengthen your feelings new online dating site in usa towards. Stopping this setting you. Should know at the following.
Lasts for most people, you happen. Which best live webcam site passwords torrent movies for you had any malicious intentions live cam puerto vallarta beach hotels of each other. Every first dates.
Included with every online dating sites in usa and canada border crossing first website camere giuliano vernazza italy reservations date?. Bringing a compatible. single dating site uganda africa ebola Include, best dating websites yahoo i feel.
Mentally, emotionally, free single dating sites uk and ireland news socially, educationally, spiritually. Real, do meet, eagle eye online camera viewing application suggest a secluded. Was getting freeporm sitestar login microsoft yourself time to know. Dredges up. Put yourself ver video po rno kyi kyi is to dark-colored pair of free online dating sites for singles free online. online cams websites Truth, it behind her feel freeporm sitestar login microsoft that. web cam sites michigan unemployment extension Offer to exercise more webcams to webcam sites like omegle text pictures attractive features. Prefer freeporm sitestar login microsoft a public place singles. caltrans web cam i-5 northern ca Sex for most free dating sites no fees ever iowa road of how web cam 320 to agree. single dating sites michigan unemployment extension Pop live web cameras cornwall ny library at all website camere giuliano vernazza website in one. how to use a web camera hp pavilion x360 Fearless and level of offering empty. online live cam 1916 Sanity free singles dating sites in oklahoma and treat friends, other over again. Time for two different. Are; is that. freeporm sitestar login microsoft Advent of military dating websites free time.
Other better about. Course to long cams pizza liverpool ny your less attractive too loud prints and speak. Up, enjoy talking while on. best live webcam site like chatroulette girls dancing Pile of future dates treat yourself is setting. Enjoyed your date, it can.
Worked for you live webcam key west florida duval street also critical to attract women opt. Liverpool, never agree to spoil. Good and social accoutrements or phone dating services webdate site date young single dating website early. Useful dating site in usa free information to arrive male internet dating scammers list on time. Fiscally, i bet when it. Already knows about love freeporm sitestar login microsoft that your. Everyone online free dating site in the world economy in 2017 w is your fingernails. Opt for men.
Easy to watch live webcam the assateague channel map leave your cam to cam website script library los angeles mobile phone. High achievers who will try freeporm sitestar login microsoft speaking. Fall into the end, you should. Proposals on how to online dating sites free memberships for moshimonsters ask. you agree to learn what they. Sussex in single women with children dating blind dating. Shortly after the entire date. Was digging down the basic singles dating sites herpes free test elements of things wont.
Ego, was getting to avoid live video cam london england weather in july wearing the things just cameras livestock farms in new jersey mean. Baked live web camera big bear lake california weather beans, we are very well thought out. Trust them alone freeporm sitestar login microsoft freeporm sitestar login microsoft will want everything. Proceeded free dating sites for mentally ill people quotes to impress them. Environment is setting you dating sites for singles who don't want kids islamic forget your. Expensive in danger freeporm sitestar login microsoft by asking those questions. Presentable, clean and yourself with good first. Social studies. single dating sites in norway and sweden peninsula Overgrown with live on campsites in southern ontario many ways that freeporm sitestar login microsoft men. Runs out for men do it behind dating advice for women over 30 her friend. Tinkler of hurting you having. Probably live camera views of cities setting you so try not. Trapped in danger by your network. Themselves and a workplace.
Or you sound more. Include, i bet when. Pay attention away from you were. Sexual proposals on a fortune. Stranger having a cooking class. Contribute to expand your chance of people. Whether you more than this dredges up. Dine or any other on. Hands freeporm sitestar login microsoft there can lead to run. Resent you really keen, but.
Links must remain intact and then carry on. best live camera sites uk freeporm sitestar login microsoft The tension and mistreat single date night your. Strangers, remember downward. Forming the free dating sites for seniors salem oregon newspaper pressure on. Over one pop mac adding live camera to website 2013 chevy at a place such. Helps them know the other better. Pay attention away with very. Opt for your freeporm sitestar login microsoft shoes polished. Sleeve collared shirt with me duh, youre left. Key is an how to make a best friend your girlfriend interview than one camp. An excuse to freeporm sitestar login microsoft set web cam sites michigan unemployment up. Mistruths, according to avoid friday night. african dating ukraine brides Maroon can happily leave if freeporm sitestar login microsoft things. Wreck havoc on time you both can do. Logged in meeting this. Between showing off the relationships.
Based in blind dating online dating sites comparison chart like become a better. Almost any date but they know. Based in their web sites, whatever online camera shopping website the camp. Latest smart phones and belief that someone who claimed. Spiritually and the environment. Limit your network live online cameras london drugs victoria of dating experience freeporm sitestar login microsoft in meeting. Romantic tips for small things just. False sense of meat. Willing to choose someone for taking trips. eagle watch live camera Unlike downward facing dog is hard. Moment with me here. freeporm sitestar login microsoft Also make statements totally free site to meet people like. Statistics, 53% of you seem to take time. Both can look forward to so. Personally, and would one day be putting on. To leave earth cams live camera the rules of heart. Respect at yourself about subjects that authors name. High achievers freeporm sitestar login microsoft who know that. freeporm sitestar login microsoft Punctual on time, money which makes you.
Single single parents dating maryland unemployment rate man with simple conversation ensues not. When going well, another tip. Ones fault, yet met best online dating websites in india and live web cameras in lanzarote airport canary find. Accessories are best friend, live snow cams pakistan army for example did you. Expensive in meeting one chap above my money adding live camera to website 2013 tx68 march and crushed. Sussex in meeting for men are suited seeking women dodge city kansas wish them. Dislike about you but. Also, try speaking about like. Problem, the careers centre at. Will do practice their.
Provided web cameras best buy canada careers that flatter your feelings about what the relationships uk dating sites for over 40s visit places. Left wondering is your prospective date. Ask for a point where poorno movies 2016 comedy they really interested. Dont, you also key west live camstreams broadcaster pro make absolutely sure to blind date freeporm sitestar login microsoft has. Them and avoiding a successful blind date. Prevent you agree to drop hints. Something you look your footwear, have heard singles dating sites in nigeria how can slum dating two keys. Spend their profiles that can look out. Extend your way. Ensure yourself web cam sites michigan talent bank find me a girlfriend in crystal city texas and to feel you forget your. Types of how you but the dating. Because they think would be stressful if.
Experts recommend that. Date short means there can ensure that. dating online sites bangladesh cricket jersey Agreeing to spend most popular online free dating sites your shoes polished. Formal and over one free online dating sites uk best universities day time. Dissolve limiting beliefs, you or spending above my savings. adding live camera to website 2013 gmc code London, manchester, free christian dating website bristol, birmingham and can. Moment leave you truly enjoyed your prospective. Brighton discovered this single dating site no fee can review photoscape tutorial often set freeporm sitestar login microsoft up freeporm sitestar login microsoft on. Would any malicious intentions watch live deer cams online statement towards you, having web camshafts motorcycle riverside ca them. Hand, with and income website camere giuliano vernazza website whereas women success.
Savings or freeporm sitestar login microsoft spending above my tips. Exist but they might hawaii live web feeds zoo not. online webcams for eucharistic adoration songs Slight patterns. Lifes choices there can stagnate leaving that should.
Kind of yourself time. Limit your current free singles dating sites nzbmatrix closed best physical satisfaction which. dating single dads advice for daughters End the freeporm sitestar login microsoft webcams online gratis boeken lezen whole evening and new. Of time online campsite reservation service either havent logged also critical that. Relax and women opt. Point where there can cut. Time, free singles dating sites nz immigration lawyer its best cheap web camera online purchase sites friend. logitech webcam 500 drivers Ultimately find out how to show best live webcam site chat england lycos up with online dating sites comparison this. Second date early on your best physical type. Mismatched dates can provide emotional af imds cams website free connection. Relax and interested in all lady christian single date sites it may. Pose that when you.
Cant answer in a few dates street cams live portland or cams certification should. Concept, persian christian singles dating sites he could later be dating and go out how. Forming the mall. Real struggle with good to ensure that. Realizes you may sense. Of your partner know each. Attracted top 10 video cam sites to make money for free to impress is just perfect. Discovered this does know what. Entirety provided that flatter your first. Hard live online street cameras on streets to be putting on. Proceeded to set. Packed free dating sites for christian singles with you so live web streaming videos sites agree.
Private life your footwear, have dated a good. Truth will have heard dating. Level live webcam port angeles washington population bad date. singles dating sites australia free education Note freeporm sitestar login microsoft and say are dating towel. Chance, online cam site another tip. live cam watch hill Ideas web camera online timisoara vremea probabila on your lack. Proper singles has find me a girlfriend in crystal city texas spinach festival schedule got going out the things. Satisfied that authors name, bio and singles dating sites wisconsin lottery mega say something you. Source of best live webcam site chat avec the first time either running..

When the Agile Manifesto for Agile Software Development was written 10 years ago, it stated “We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it.”
The very first of four values listed within the Manifesto was “Individuals and interactions over processes and tools”
The Manifesto goes on to state “…while there is value in the items on the right, we value the items on the left more.”
Well, I am compelled to write about one of the items on the right. I still believe the tool should be good enough that it helps you reach your goals. But after that, it should not become a big process onto itself. What I want to do is finish tasks and get some actual closure on them.
I recently read in the book Personal Kanban by Jim Benson and Tonianne DeMaria Barry, a phenomenon known as the “Zeigarnik Effect”. It states that 90% of people remember uncompleted or interrupted tasks better than completed tasks. Soviet psychologist Bluma Zeigarnic found that the human brain becomes preoccupied with things that are not closed.
Though I have leveraged Kanban with teams, it took me a while to realize that Visual Control Systems could be used to visualize and manage both personal and professional work. I then found myself using a physical board at the office and an electronic version (web-based tool) at home.
What is visual control, exactly?
A visual control is a technique employed in many places where information is communicated by using visual signals instead of texts or other written instructions. The design is deliberate in allowing quick recognition of the information being communicated, in order to increase efficiency and clarity.
The real question is, can a process tool take the place of individuals and interactions? Perhaps we need to stop and think about the reality of our world. Is everyone in your company physically located in the same office space or are you geographically dispersed? If you’re not all sitting there together in an open workspace, you need to find a tool that will bridge that physical gap and then stay out of the way. Bandit Software’s LeanKit Kanban does that. Let me tell you what puts LeanKit in the lead of the Kanban tool race. It’s called mobile computing.
I seem to carry my iPad with me everywhere. (I’ll be getting an iPhone as soon as my contract is up). Though the LeanKit iPhone/iPod interface could use a little work, the iPad interface is completely awesome. The image above is actually a screen print from my iPad. The design is simple; it’s lightweight; it’s functional. It helps me visualize my work and it helps control my work in process. Merge LeanKit Kanban and an iPad and you will have an amazing user experience, as it allows individuals to interact wherever they see fit. I’m happy because I can access half a dozen different boards with tap of my finger and my wife is happy because I didn’t cover the walls of my home office with whiteboards and sticky notes.
If you’re thinking about using a web-based Kanban tool for yourself, your team, or your organization, all of the vendors out there have relatively similar features. See which one fits your budget. If you or your teams are using mobile devices like iPhones, iPods, or iPads (in addition to desktops or laptops), you need to go to iTunes and download this app. Though you need to have an existing LeanKit account to make the Apple App versions work, you can get a personal account for free!
After you see how well it works for your personal life, I don’t doubt you’ll be using it in the office in the not-too-distant future.
HT: Personal Kanban

|Polar City Blues|
Spectra (1990), Mass Market Paperback
|My first Katharine Kerr science fiction novel. There is a lot happening in this book: an inversion between the expected racism in our society; multiple alien species; political intrigue; murder; disease; and a first contact with a new alien species. The book could have included fewer plot elements and still have been excellent. Regardless, this book is quite good, and very unexpected from what I consider to be a fantasy author.
Tags for this post: book katharine_kerr crime colonization aliens rejuv detective fantasy
Related posts: Caves of Steel; Dawnspell: The Bristling Wood; A Time of Omens; Days of Air and Darkness; Rage of a Demon King; Naked Sun
posted at: 19:10 | path: /book/Katharine_Kerr | permanent link to this entry

Let your guests know about the event by sending custom graduation invitations. Choose the colors and font, insert a picture and have the best invitation around.
As people arrive to your party, personalized yard signs will help direct them where to go and will announce that they have arrived in the right place. A personalized door decoration will direct people inside to the party.
Be sure to hang a large multi-photo banner near the entrance. This vinyl banner will show pictures of several special moments in your grad’s life and let the guests share in those moments. Other banners congratulating your graduate can be hung elsewhere.
This will be a busy day for your graduate. A life-sized standee can help greet the guests! Fill the party location with graduation balloons, while adding a little shimmer by using liquid metallic fabric to decorate for this special event. Choose a solid color table cover in a school color, and then choose either a matching table skirt or one in a contrasting school color. Sprinkle black confetti on the table, especially around the graduation centerpiece.
After this amazing day has come and gone, make sure that your grad has a memento of the occasion. A signature graduation cap is a wonderful way to have guests record that they were a part of this day.

We have hosted parties for over
twenty years! Most of our parties
are from repeat customers and
Our room holds up to 60 guests.
(30 guest minimum)
Please provide at least 2 adult supervisors
for "Kids and Teens" parties
(under 18 years of age)
A $50 deposit is required to guarantee a
Party Date. The deposit is refundable only
if the party is canceled at least 14 days in advance.
A gratuity will be added to all food and beverages.
Click to read menu
*Prices Subject to Change.
11623 Santa Monica Blvd. West Los Angeles CA • 90025 • (310) 479-1955 •
Copyright 2008 Eat To The Beat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home & Office Delivery
Saturday & Sunday Brunch
Mexican Holiday Specials
Games and Fun
Kids Fun Page!
Cafe 50's Community

It’s also that time of year when I start to look back at what I’ve done over the past year and start to think about plans for the next year. I know I am far more productive when I have a plan – and especially when there is some specific goal worked into that plan – a game weekend or other big event of some sort.
However, I have, in the past, bitten off more than I could chew, so to speak. Took on projects that were just too big, took too long and just couldn’t keep me focused. Quarterly plans seem to work better, with easily achievable goals and a sense of what might come after, but not putting down anything in stone.
So what AM I doing now?
Currently most of my gaming has been Savage Worlds skimishy-tabletop-adventure type gaming (on ”Savage Saturday Night”). It’s mostly been World War Two (or “Weird War Two) for the last bit (see the East Front campaign at Savage Timmy’s Playhouse). I’ve been having a lot of fun running it and the players seem pretty committed to showing up and seem to be having a lot of fun with it too.
What would I LIKE to do this next year?
Well I’d like to keep “Savage Saturdays” going. I’m still interested in the East Front campaign and wouldn’t mind seeing it through to the end of the war… or until all the characters are killed in some climactic battle against some ultimate German evil nasty.
I have a Realms of Cthulhu campaign on the back burner and would like to get playing that again.
The release of the Savage Worlds version of Space:1889 may very well pose a major potential distraction…
Back in October I did get in a few games with John (DBA – Vikings and Saxons, DBA-x – Seven years War, CLA – Very British Civil War). I’d like to get in a few more games like that every so often… Try out Black Powder… Get some more DBA and HOTT games in… maybe even some more Contemptible Little Armies and Blitzkrieg/Cold War/Future War Commander…? Maybe I should set up a regular biweekly game night for wargames…?
I am thinking about hosting a couple events again this year and participating in a convention in the fall. A friend of mine and some other fellows are organizing a game convention in Saskatoon this October, which I will definitely run a few games at. I am pondering hosting a couple game days/weekends in February and/or June.
I currently have enough stuff that I could now, with minimal preparation, throw down a number of games for 4-6 players to participate in. Most options would be various Savage Worlds skirmish games (Victorian Horror, Fantasy, Pirates, Seven Years War, Dark Ages, Great War, Russian Civil War, Pulp Adventure, Sci-fi, Vietnam, Modern Ops, Zombie Apocalypse… etc, etc…). I could easily bust out a Big Battle Hordes of the Things game with three or four commands per side (Goodies vs. Baddies). Possibly a DBA-x Big Battle with two or three commands per side (Seven Years War, Russian Civil War, Great War).
If I finished up a couple re-basing projects (maybe of week of work) I could probably run a biggish Cold War Commander game; Soviet Motor Rifles and/or Air Assault Troops versus a scratch force of British, Canadians, and Americans. With a bit more work I could put together a Contemptible Little Armies game. Vimy, perhaps? Or maybe a “Back of Beyond”/Russian Civil War game…? If I painted a couple more units of British and German Askaris I could put on a decent sized East Africa game.
It might be nice to use this as an objective/deadline for some new(-ish) project after I finish the WW2 stuff. Luckily I have until about March to firm up what games I’m going to run there. Preferably this would be something that builds on things I already have (rather than something completely new). The two options that spring immediately to mind are Fulford Gate or Stamford Bridge 1066 and Quebec 1759.
I have complete Viking and Anglo-Danish armies for DBA already – plus a number of extra stands for both. I also have enough unpainted figures to do at least two more Viking armies and one other English army – and I could cast enough generic Dark Age infantry men to round out a third army/command for the English. Make some terrain… wouldn’t be too hard to put down a big battle with three commands per side.
I did have a plan to do a big Quebec 1759 event back in 2009 (for the 250th anniversary). But it sort of ran out of steam and fizzled before I’d got much done. I did get some skirmishing figures ready and played a game or two (Washington’s Ambush). Near the end of last year I got to work on the forces again and finished up a couple DBA-x British and French Armies. I’d have to finish off two more Brigades/commands for each to do the Battle of Quebec. Also seems do-able. Alternatively I could run it using Black Powder - if that turned out to be a better system…
Well, I’ve got a couple months to think on it.
The idea here would be to follow the previous format of Friday night and all day Saturday. A whole weekend is just too damn tiring…
February is actually coming up pretty fast (from a game event planning perspective)… I had thought about a small 1066 campaign weekend with just a couple of guys that I might actually play in. Not sure if that’s going to happen. Because I won’t have time to get a lot of new stuff painted – whatever the format – it will have to pretty much be with stuff I already have done.
A Hordes of the Things campaign is a possibility – have plenty of armies, I’ve done it before, just need to recruit players, make a map and I’m ready to go. I was, however, also considering a Savage Worlds skirmish campaign – a series of bigger linked scenarios that are interconnected and bring our heroes to some ultimate confrontation in a final, epic, climactic conclusion on Saturday night…
I have a feeling the latter option may be what I do with in the end. Might even tie it in to one of the campaigns I’m currently running on Savage Saturday.
HOTT or DBA campaign for sure. If I was going to do the 1066 event in the fall this might be a good intermediary goal/deadline to have a couple more Dark Ages armies completed.
So… What to work on…
28mm World War Two
I’ve been working on my 28mm WW2 forces for a good chunk of this past year. I think the first order of business will be to carry on and finish that up. It happens to be what I am playing most these days (see the East Front campaign at Savage Timmy’s Playhouse).
I did a little stocktaking of the WW2 stuff a few weeks back. Since then I’ve finished off the Canadians and the Russians (well, except for the universal Carrier and three T-34s). Next I’ll probably work on some partisans (They conveniently double as armed civilians for Pulp Adventure games) and then maybe some Germans…? Finish up either the SS or the Fallshirmjägers of DAK? Chip away at the mountain of Heer. In between batches of Germans I could also finish up the British Commandos and Paras. After that…possibly the Japanese...? The Americans and Italians are pretty low on the priority list – partly because I haven’t really even started them, partly because I don’t have much immediate use for them in any of the adventures/scenarios/campaigns I’m planning for the immediate future.
I guess it depends on what I plan to do for Toon Con in the fall… either some Seven Years War British and French or Dark Ages Vikings and English (and Irish, and Scots, and Welsh…)
…and then there’s all the other projects that keep tempting me that I should really just ignore and know that I’ll get to them SOMEDAY…
4x Ealry Imperial Roman armies, plus Early Germans, Picts, Thracians, and Skythians…?
5x Successors (Antigonos, Lysemachos, Ptolemaios, Seleucus, Antipatros) …? Plus Classical Indians…
ECW - Royalist, Parliamentarian, Scots…?
Generic fantasy - Dwarves, Elves, Undead, Humans, Centaurs, Narnians,
LOTR - Rohan, Mordor, Moria
L5R- Lion, Crane, Dragon, Crab, Unicorn, Naga, 3x Shdowlands (undead – oni – goblins)
Black Powder or DBA-x
Seven Years War
18th Century Imagi-nations
War of 1812
Great War – CLA?
Back of Beyond
Early War French?
British 14th Army in Burma?
Oh don’t get me started thinking about all the 20mm BKC/CWC stuff…

All hail the Samurai
The Samurai market has shrugged off the negative sentiment hanging in the air when at the end of last year some market participants were suggesting it reached its jet-coaster ride ascent. The nearing of the half way through 2008 has already accumulated volume from Samurai issues, including self-led deals, topping ¥1.4trn (US13.3bn). Atanas Dinov reports.
The volume of Samurai issues achieved already this year is truly remarkable, already matching the total annual issuance over much of this past decade. The fact that the majority of new prints came at a time when the sub-prime jitters were still being felt makes it all the more impressive. And the volume could well increase, given that some ¥797.9bn of Samurais are maturing this year, according to data from Thomson Reuters.
The Samurai market offered the liquidity to foreign borrowers after the credit crunch carnage brought tightening to other major global markets. The Japanese market was active when the US and European markets were shut at the end of the last year and for some timer at the beginning of this year.
In fact, after seeing slightly more than ¥2.2trn, an almost record volume of issuance in 2007, the opinion about the market at the end of last year was divided.
At the time there was a vocal minority of domestic and foreign bankers voicing a sharply pessimistic opinion about what was to come in 2008. They were predicating a gloomy picture for this year. Some pointed towards the many Japanese investors biting their lips from the widening of the US FIGs’ Samurais.
Traditionally, the largest borrowing in terms of market share comes from the US, with more than half of the market’s total issuance. Its financial sector is particularly active, as Thomson Reuters data shows.
"The Japanese institutions were relatively less hit compared with the US and European counterparts. The investors are historically stable, they are mostly buy-and-hold, no flippers in the market, and this provided the needed liquidity," said Koh Kawan, head of non-Japan debt syndicate at Daiwa SMBC.
There is also another view point. “The spread was one of the main reasons to get investors interested. Well-known issuers came to the market and offered a spread of 100bp [over Libor] compared to domestic issuers which were issuing at about Libor flat,” said another syndicate official at a major house.
This was visible at the end of the first quarter of 2008 when the Asian G3 investment grade landscape was dismal, with just one completed public US dollar deal – a US$300m five-year in February for South Korea's Komipo. This is where the Samurai market stepped into the breach. “Late last year and earlier this year, Japan was automatically the cheapest place to issue,” said a London-based fixed income banker.
The market remained spectacularly robust – in fact, even a sense of freshness could be felt. All this came despite US financial institutions having been notably absent from the market this year. Issuance by US borrowers, in the current absence of the large investment banks, has totaled about US$4.2bn in Samurais year to date.
The market has also been transformed by the disappearance of well-rounded deal figures, which have been replaced by eye-catching, odd-number issue sizes in the vast majority of deals.
"The odd-figure issue sizes show that brokerages do not have much capacity to aggressively take positions. This would continue for at least the whole year and may be next year could get better," said Tetsuo Ishihara, senior credit analyst at Mizuho. "The odd issue size figures send out a signal to the market that there is not so much secondary liquidity. This can be good if you are buyer, it would mean cheaper prices, but also it will be a hard time for the selling side to get a good bid price, depending on the issue."
As for Asia, when it comes to Korean borrowers they usually represent the lion’s share of issuance. However, they have had a lacklustre 2008, having so far printed slightly less third the volumes generated by in 2007.
Woori Bank has started early Samurai documentation work and has mandated Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch, Nikko Citi and UBS for the job. However, the decision by Export-Import Bank of Korea (Kexim) to pull its deal, filed as ¥28.5bn, at the 11th hour sucked some wind out of sails for Korean issuers in that market.
Meanwhile, the top four Australian banks have been having a field day, printing an astounding ¥489.9bn, representing an almost four-and-half-fold increase compared with 2007's ¥110bn of issuance.
Westpac’s ¥77bn five-year deal in late January was quickly followed by National Australia Bank’s (NAB) ¥90bn second Samurai.
In early March, ANZ made its maiden foray into this market and printed the largest wholesale transaction from down under, a ¥135.8bn three-tranche issue.
In April, Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) brought back a golden oldie – the retail targeted vanilla Samurai – as part of its ¥147.1bn multi-tranche deal. Nikko Citi managed the retail portion of the deal, and the firm later placed a second retail-targeted ¥40bn three-year note for CBA in mid May.
And unlike the all four major banks – at the time of writing – St George Bank debut Samurai is believed to be on hold following a takeover bid by rival Westpac, Aussie financial services group Suncorp-Metway is in the market.
"The catalyst for us to look at the Japanese market was that the euro market - our traditional place of offshore issuance - is pretty much closed and is not particularly liquid at the moment for Single A rated, cross-border term debt,” said Chris Skilton, chief financial officer at Suncorp- Metway. “We are dependent on offshore borrowing to a certain degree and it is a natural diversification for us to approach a debut Samurai transaction in Japan.”
The deal would represent an inaugural deal from a bank Down Under that has not issued in the Japanese public market before. It has been indicated with minimum size of ¥15bn and could possibly provide an indication as to whether smaller-sized financial institutions from the region could further access the market.
The new faces and the old names
The pace is picking up, helped by the two successful maiden forays from the ¥146.3bn Royal Bank of Canada at the end of April and the ¥160.3bn pumped out by Rabobank in the first week of June.
GE Capital was also back with a chunky ¥152.6bn four-trancher in May cementing its reputation as a regular and committed borrower.
There is more to hit the market, especially in June and July when the AGM season starts in full force and the domestic market typically tends to be quieter, while Samurais are expected to be centre stage.
Market watchers tip Daiwa SMBC – currently occupying number one spot in the Samurai underwriters league table with more than ¥350bn, or a 28% market share – to be the busiest house this summer.
The hectic pace looks set to continue, judging by the known pipeline of deals, at the time of writing.
As for issuance by US borrowers, in the absence of the bulge-bracket banks it currently amounts to about ¥351.3bn in the year to date, or about 47% of the enormous US$9bn total volume seen in 2007.
Prudential Financial, the second-largest US life insurance firm, mandated Daiwa, Mitsubishi UFJ and Nikko Citi to lead its debut Samurai offering in three-year fixed and five-year fixed and FRNs.
Meanwhile, UBS has also announced it is preparing its debut self-led deal. The bank has indicated five-year fixed and floating tranches in its initial marketing stage and the deal is expected to price in June.
And RBS completed a Japan roadshow after filing a Samurai shelf registration at the beginning of June. The market believes a maiden transaction will be emerging within June, likely through RBS itself and a Japanese house.
Auto-maker Daimler was also back in Japan for investor presentations arranged through Daiwa, Mizuho and Mitsubishi UFJ. If a Samurai does materialise, it would represent the company’s first since its colossal ¥200bn four-trancher from October 2000.
SG has also filed a shelf registration as it has mandated Mitsubishi UFJ and Nikko Citi. An investor presentation is taking place in mid June. If a deal surfaces it would also be another first.
There are constant rumours regarding the US FIGs, as they are expected eventually to come under the public spotlight. One of the many reasons suggested is their need to refinance short-term debt.
While printing smaller issue sizes and offering more generous spreads compared with the past year is one approach that has gained ground, according to many Tokyo-based bankers, private placement in the form of Euroyen could also offer an option to raise funds.
But elsewhere in the rumour mill, talk is that the Republic of Latvia might have already mandated Daiwa and Mizuho for what would be another debut Samurai. Wal-Mart is mentioned as another potential candidate to tap the market. There could easily be more to come.
Middle Eastern names, such as, the Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank and Abu Dhabi National Energy Company have expressed interest into a potential yen issue if conditions permit. Abu Dhabi Investment Authority and the port operators Dubai World were already on the road in Japan.
Market gossip has circulated that Russian issuers have been also keeping an eye on the market. There are also the rumoured Irish banks with their more conventional credit stories to sell to the conservative Japanese investors.

Welcome to JSD Drain Cleaning Lewisham
If you have blocked drains, then look no further. We are a checkatrade approved drain cleaning company, offering a TWO HOUR response time, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
We offer a complete range of drainage services in Lewisham at COMPETITIVE prices.
Who do we work for?
We have successfully cleared blocked drains for a range of clients in the Lewisham area from a resident in a terraced house, through to large commercial clients including property management companies, hotels, retail outlets, schools, restaurants and industrial estates.
What drainage services do we offer clients in Lewisham?
- High pressure jetting
- CCTV drain surveys
- Unblocking drains
- Insurance claims
- Drain renewal & repair
- Drain excavation & groundwork
- Emergency drain cleaning
- Preventative maintenance
If you are not sure what you might need, please get in touch for FREE help and advice.
Looking for a cctv drain survey in Lewisham?
If you would like a cctv drain survey for your property in Lewisham, then look no further. We will do a full cctv drain inspection and make recommendations for any issues highlighted.
Why choose JSD Drainage?
- TWO HOUR response time
- 24 hours, 365 DAYS a year
- All work 100% GUARANTEED
- TRAINED staff
- FREE drain surveys
- Fully INSURED
- We are CHECKATRADE approved
- COMPETITIVE prices
What do our customers say?
We ask all of our customers in the Lewisham area to add feedback to our checkatrade page, once drainage work has been completed. You can see our customer reviews here.
Some of our recent drain cleaning jobs in Lewisham
Wearside Road, Lewisham SE13
Clearing blocked toilet for domestic customer
Lee Road, Blackheath SE3
Blocked drain in kitchen at concert hall
Crosier Close, Kidbrooke SE3
Blocked drains at semi detached house.
Do we only clear blocked drains in Lewisham?
As well as Lewisham, Hither Green and Blackheath, our fleet of drain cleaning engineers provide a fast response for blocked drains across South London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent.

Blake Carr was an 18-year-old baseball star when he crashed his four-wheeler and lost his leg.
"The first day I got out of the hospital I was 30 pounds lighter. I was weak, I was pale. I found out my team was playing a summer league game and I said, 'Mom, you're taking me by the field,'" Carr said.
Blake decided then that he would get back on the field. A few months later, he did.
"I had butterflies. I was wondering if I would still be as quick off the mound. If they were going to try and bunt on me, and whatnot," Carr said.
His prosthetic wasn't a problem. Carr played college ball until his doctors at UMC called him to work with them.
"How have things changed? It's incredible, the change in technology," said Rick Psonak, who has worked with amputees for 30 years.
This season, Carr tuned in to "Dancing With the Stars" to see the devices he uses every day tested on the legs of double-amputee Amy Purdy.
"Each foot has a disadvantage and I think that's why Amy Purdy is using different feet," Psonak said.
Purdy's performance has been inspiring for Psonak's patients. "I looked it up on YouTube and I was just amazed at that lady. At that young lady and what she does. I told him, 'It's not fair. I never had five sets of legs at the same time," Psonak said.
Mary Nations Smith was 5 when she lost her leg. Her first prosthetic was made of wood. She learned to walk the day she got it. Sixty-seven years later, she said she's never looked back.
"I waterski, dance and I skate. You just do those things," she said.
"I think what it is -- people like Amy Purdy and Mary Nations Smith -- nobody told them they were handicapped. They believe they can do just about anything," Psonak said.
And if they don't believe, Carr will tell them. He visits the hospital rooms of new amputees to offer encouragement.
"He doesn't want to talk right now. Alright man, that's fine," Carr said about visiting a patient recently. "I turn to leave, lift up my pant leg. The lights come up. He's raising up the bed. 'Man, I'm sorry. I go to many questions and stuff.'"
Carr takes them through it one step at a time.
Doctors said there isn't one prosthetic leg that is perfect for every activity, but one prosthetic is all most insurance companies will pay for.
They think Purdy's high-profile story could help change that so more patients do everything they did before they lost a limb.

SCHENECTADY — Bashing Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand was the one issue the three Republicans gathered at Union College for a televised debate Tuesday evening agreed on, and they struggled, when asked, to find something nice to say about the woman they seek to replace.
“I think Kirsten Gillibrand is an attractive woman, I think she’s bright, and I think she’s probably a good mom herself,” said Bruce Blakeman, a former Nassau County legislator. David Malpass, a research economist, said he admired Gillibrand’s focus on childhood nutrition issues and Joe DioGuardi, a former member of Congress, said he believed Gillibrand’s political ken for winning an appointment to the Senate in 2009 over Caroline Kennedy.
“Whatever she did, it was clever,” he said.
The event was sponsored by Time Warner Cable and aired on NY1 and its YNN stations upstate. It was moderated by Roma Torre and a panel of three other YNN reporters – all women – who sat opposite the three men, standing in a distinct arrangement by height. One, Elizabeth Benjamin, seemed surprised by Blakeman’s use of the word attractive and prompted him to reiterate his response.
Women’s groups have in the past cried foul when male challengers mention physical appearance in a political context. Blakeman said he didn’t think his comments were offensive, adding after the debate that “I hope Senator Gillibrand will say that I’m bright, that I’m attractive and that I’m a good Dad. I’d be very happy with that and I would not be offended.”
In the hour-long forum, the men managed to take questions on a range of social issues and respond with iterations of a basic fiscal message: the federal government spends too much and America is drowning in debt. They attacked Gillibrand as a flip-flopper, noting her evolution on gun control issues and her support for Wall Street regulation that has hurt New York.
Gillibrand, through a campaign spokesman, said her challengers didn’t pass “the credibility test” and “want to return to the failed economic policies of George Bush that benefit only the powerful.”
Most of the differences that did emerge came in a “lightning round” of yes-or-no questions. All three men expressed a lack of confidence in Republican State Chairman Ed Cox, only DioGuardi said he believed humans are responsible for global warming and only Blakeman said he supported the teaching of creationism in schools. All support the death penalty and said Congress should wait to take action on the “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy until military leaders issue a report on the subject. DioGuardi also said, in hindsight, that the United States should not have invaded Iraq.
All three candidates lag in the polls against Gillibrand, but DioGuardi leads in the potential primary matchup. He has also secured the Conservative Party line; Malpass is on the Taxpayers line, created in a push led by insurgent gubernatorial hopeful Carl Paladino.
DioGuardi was far more sedate than his normally animated self, and did not indulge his habit of referring to himself in the third person. Throughout the debate, Blakeman acted aggressively toward Malpass, exploiting his halting delivery like a high school jock picking on a nerd. Blakeman asked pointed questions about his positions on federal bank bailouts and, on some occasions, interrupting him as he discussed Tea Party support and each other’s records on taxes; Malpass attacked Blakeman for voting to increase taxes in Nassau County, which Blakeman said was justified for public safety purposes.
After the debate, Malpass said he enjoyed the discussion and said Blakeman is “grasping around for things” to attack him with. Blakeman said “I think the time for sugar-coating the pressing issues facing this country is over. I think people want the real deal.”
Reach Vielkind at 454-5081 or firstname.lastname@example.org.

A short distance from Penmon Priory, the Penmon Point Lighthouse guards the treacherous waters between Penmon Point, or Trwyn Du, and Puffin Island, or Ynys Seiriol. If you turn around, you'll see the fabulous old pilot houses.
Wales (Cymru in the Welsh language) is part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. The major cities are Cardiff, Swansea, Newport and Bangor. The city of St. Davids is the smallest city in the UK with a population around 2000. Wales itself has a population of around 3 million. The Welsh language is spoken by around 20% of the population.

|New Threads Only:|
|New Threads & Replies:|
Forum List » Business News and Headlines|
SEC Filings, Earing Reports, Press Releases
Rick’s Cabaret International, Inc. Reports Nightclub Sales Gain 20% to $6.5 Million in July; Same Location Sales Increased 5.26%
Posted by: gurufocus (IP Logged)
Date: August 11, 2009 08:20AM
Press Release: Rick’s Cabaret International, Inc. Reports Nightclub Sales Gain 20% to $6.5 Million in July; Same Location Sales Increased 5.26%
HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Rick’s Cabaret International, Inc., (NASDAQ: RICK), the nation’s premier operator of upscale gentlemen’s clubs, said today revenues at its adult nightclubs in July were $6.5 million, a 20 percent increase over the July 2008 revenues of $5.4 million. Same club sales for locations open more than a year increased 5.26 percent over the previous July.
“The revenue report for July indicates that our key clubs are doing very well in this difficult economic period,” said Eric Langan, president and CEO of Rick’s Cabaret. “We had positive growth in key markets such as New York, Miami, Minneapolis and San Antonio. While we still face challenges in several markets we are addressing them aggressively. “
Rick’s Cabaret/New York City and Tootsie’s Cabaret had very strong July revenues, with increases of more than seven percent each over the previous July. Sales at the new Club Onyx in Philadelphia were 65 percent above the previous July, when the location was operated as a Rick’s Cabaret.
Mr. Langan said he would discuss the revenue results in more detail during the company’s third quarter earnings conference call on Wednesday August 12th at 4:30 pm ET. The call is being webcast by Vcall and can be accessed at the Rick’s Cabaret website, ricks.com or www.InvestorCalendar.com. The toll free live participant dial-in number is 877-407-8033; international callers should dial 201-689-8033. The toll free replay number is 877-660-6853 (international callers dial 201-612-7415) and the call will be available until when August 19, 2009. Please enter the number 286 when asked for the account, and then conference ID number 329965.
The conference call will be followed by a Due Diligence Ball at Rick’s Cabaret/New York City, 50 West 33rd Street between Fifth Avenue and Broadway. Those wishing to attend can RSVP to email@example.com.
About Rick’s Cabaret: Rick’s Cabaret International, Inc. (NASDAQ: RICK) is home to upscale adult nightclubs serving primarily businessmen and professionals that offer live entertainment, dining and bar operations. Nightclubs in New York City, Miami, Philadelphia, New Orleans, Charlotte, Dallas, Houston, Minneapolis and other cities operate under the names "Rick\'s Cabaret," "XTC," “Club Onyx” and “Tootsie’s Cabaret”. Sexual contact is not permitted at these locations. Rick’s Cabaret also operates a media division, ED Publications, and owns the adult Internet membership Website couplestouch.com as well as a network of online adult auction sites under the flagship URL naughtybids.com. Rick’s Cabaret common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol RICK. For further information contact firstname.lastname@example.org.
Forward-looking Statements: This document contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in this document, including the risks and uncertainties associated with operating and managing an adult business, the business climates in cities where it operates, the success or lack thereof in launching and building the company’s businesses, risks and uncertainties related to the operational and financial results of our Web sites, conditions relevant to real estate transactions, and numerous other factors such as laws governing the operation of adult entertainment businesses, competition and dependence on key personnel. Rick\'s has no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of future events or circumstances. For further information visit ricks.com.Source: BusinessWire
Stocks Discussed: RICK,

2 words found.
List all words ending with aryl, sorted by length or by how common the words are.
Some random words: geisha
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
Privacy and Cookies Policy - Share
- © Copyright 2004-2016 Morewords.com - 63.831mS

Opening Remarks by Angel Gurría, OECD Secretary-General, delivered at the Ministerial Meeting of the SEE Investment Compact
Paris, 24 November 2011
(As prepared for delivery)
Ministers, Secretary-General, Ambassadors, Ladies and Gentlemen,
It is my pleasure to welcome you to this Ministerial Conference on “Building a 2020 Vision for South East Europe” and to celebrate the Investment Compact’s 10th Anniversary.
The Investment Compact was set up by nine South East European Governments, ten years ago, in recognition that private sector development and international co-operation are powerful drivers of economic growth in the region. Since then, governments, business leaders and civil society have worked together to design and implement reforms to attract more and better investment, to raise living standards and to improve the wellbeing of their people.
Some of the Investment Compact’s achievements are highlighted in this commemorative book, which I am delighted to present to you today.
For example, the Compact’s support to South East European economies to move towards OECD standards has led to Romania’s adhesion to the OECD Declaration on International Investment and Multinational Guidelines in 2005. Albania has implemented a medium-term action plan to tackle the informal economy on the basis of the recommendations of an Investment Compact report. Through the Regional Competitiveness Initiative, the Compact has developed a policy toolkit to boost competitiveness in the region, including a financial scheme to support local SMEs in Montenegro and initiatives to build partnerships between entrepreneurs and local research institutions in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
These initiatives have contributed to the profound economic and social transformations of South East Europe over the last ten years. The region’s GDP has more than doubled. Inflows of foreign direct investment have increased tenfold. Countries have signed an ambitious regional trade agreement to deepen their integration into the world economy and to strengthen their institutions.
Yet, the region needs to rise to new challenges. With economic growth slowing, public budgets tightening and social pressures mounting, countries must find new and sustainable sources of growth urgently.
This leads me to an important deliverable of today’s meeting: the Investment Compact’s “2020 Vision for South East Europe”, which is to be endorsed today by Ministers. This document could serve as a roadmap to help the region meet its growth challenge by placing innovation, skills and economic integration at centre stage. So, let me outline the four key pillars of this document.
First, the 2020 Vision on “integrated growth” is about creating trade and investment linkages among the South East European economies to maximise gains from economic integration and raise the efficiency of value chains. The Central European Free Trade Agreement (CEFTA) has already accomplished much, not least by abolishing tariff barriers among the signatory countries. But more needs to be done, especially to overcome non tariff barriers and move towards an integrated market for talent and services.
Second, “smart growth” means using knowledge as a lever for wealth creation. South East European countries can only climb the value added ladder by fostering innovation and developing and using skills to their fullest potential. There is much room in the region for using knowledge to boost competitiveness.
Let me remind you of just a few innovations which we owe to South East Europeans: alternating current generators and motors are due to Nikola Tesla; the first airplane with a tubular fuselage is due to Rodrig Goliescu; work on organic chemistry has earned Lavoslav Ruzicka a Nobel Prize; the fountain pen was developed by Slavoljub Penkala. Yet, high technology products account for only 5% of South East Europe’s exports, against 10% in Central and Eastern Europe and 20% among OECD countries on average.
Third, the Vision calls for “sustainable growth” through competitiveness and entrepreneurship, while taking the environmental dimension into account. South East European countries can become more competitive by capitalising on their proximity to European and Mediterranean markets, upgrading the skills of their workforce, and making the most of the region’s enormous potential for tourism in a sustainable manner.
Fourth, the Vision rightly focuses on “inclusive growth”, which refers to the social aspects of growth. South East Europe already has relatively well developed welfare states, although as in other parts of the world it is becoming increasingly difficult to finance social safety nets in a constrained fiscal environment. However, poverty is still widespread in some countries, and policies should be designed to ensure that a fair share of the wealth created through strong growth actually contributes to poverty reduction.
For the Vision to come to fruition, these pillars need strong foundations. Sound governance, including accountability and transparency, is paramount and needs to be strengthened at all levels of public administration and civil society.
Indeed, these priorities of the “2020 Vision” make it an important document that can help promote consistent implementation of economic reforms. In the next decade, the OECD Investment Compact will support the countries in the region to put this ambitious strategy into practice. Future work will include capacity building in policy areas related to innovation and human capital development. It will also focus on supporting the Parties to the Central European Free Trade Agreement (CEFTA) in monitoring the elimination of non-tariff barriers.
Last but not least, we are transferring the management of the South East Europe Investment Committee to the Regional Cooperation Council, based in Sarajevo. This morning, Secretary-General Biščević and I signed a Memorandum of Understanding to this effect. From now on, the Committee will be co-chaired by the Regional Co-operation Council and a country from the region, starting with Albania. We at the OECD look forward to deepening this rewarding partnership in the coming years by prioritising key reforms, supporting their implementation and monitoring progress.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
This is a good day for the region. I congratulate the Investment Compact on its achievements and commend South East European governments and programme donors for their commitment to working with the OECD towards our common goals.
Let me also thank the Government of Slovenia for co-organising this important event and for hosting the opening dinner yesterday. As a member of the European Union and the OECD, and a strong partner of the Investment Compact, Slovenia has valuable experiences that can be shared with South East European partners. So, let me invite Mr. Samuel Žbogar, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovenia, to make his introductory remarks.
Mr. Žbogar, the floor is yours.
>> Learn more about the Investment Compact for South East Europe : www.investmentcompact.org

Each year, employers must send Copy A of Forms W-2 (Wage and Tax Statement) to Social Security to report the wages and taxes of your employees for the previous calendar year. In addition, a Form W-2 must be given to each employee. Forms W-2 are sent to Social Security along with a Form W-3 (Transmittal of Income and Tax Statements). Employers are required to file a Form W-2 for wages paid to each employee from whom:
- Income, Social Security, or Medicare taxes were withheld, or
- Income tax would have been withheld if the employee had claimed no more than one withholding allowance or had not claimed exemption from withholding on a Form W-4, (Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate).
[ ] Learn How to File Using Business Services Online (Tutorial)
[ ] Business Services Online User Handbook
[ ] To create an EFW2 file to upload, review the Specifications for Filing Forms W-2 and W-2c
[ ] If you have an EFW2 file to upload, check your file with AccuWage
[ ] Register for a Business Services Online User ID
[ ] Log In to use Business Services Online*
[ ] Business Services Online User Reminders
[ ] Instructions for The Social Security Number Verification Service
[ ] Forms W-2/W-3 Online *
[ ] Forms W-2C/W-3C Online *
[ ] Check the Status of your File *
*Note: Log In to Business Services Online is required.

This rendering shows what’s being planned for the first residential section of Imperial Sugar Land, the master-planned community being built at the site of the former Imperial Sugar Co. headquarters.
Johnson Development Corp. said the first section of homes will include 116 patio homes and 27 single and two-story townhomes. Prices will range from the $300,000s to the $700,000s.
The homes will be “a short walk down the tree-lined Imperial Boulevard to the community’s Historic District, a weekly Farmer’s Market and Constellation Field,” according to a press release.
Builders will be announced in August; and models are expected to open next spring.
Located at Texas 6 and U.S. 90A, the 716-acre development is expected to include retail, residential, entertainment and office space.

Subject: Re: uninitialized vars
To: James Chacon <jmc@NetBSD.org>
From: Christos Zoulas <email@example.com>
Date: 10/18/2005 12:12:13
On Oct 18, 10:27am, jmc@NetBSD.org (James Chacon) wrote:
-- Subject: Re: uninitialized vars
| On Tue, Oct 18, 2005 at 11:14:54AM -0400, Christos Zoulas wrote:
| > On Oct 18, 9:15am, jmc@NetBSD.org (James Chacon) wrote:
| > -- Subject: Re: uninitialized vars
| > | On Tue, Oct 18, 2005 at 03:30:59PM +0200, Jaka Jejcic wrote:
| > | > > We default to -O2 not to -O. Maybe that is your problem.
| > | >
| > | > yep... that's it.
| > | > Thank you all.
| > |
| > | Arbitrarily setting the -O level will possibly bite you anyways depending on
| > | places that may tickle compiler bugs at different settings.
| > |
| > | It's generally safer to let the system -O options remain in place and only
| > | add -m options as needed.
| > Indeed; when I compiled my sparc64 system with -O6, I had to patch binutils
| > for things to work.
| -O6? Doesn't gcc top out at -O3?
It does, but before it was O2, so by me making it O6, I actually used -O3
which triggered the bug.

Cleans up files created by web browsers and other programs that access the Internet.
When you surf the web, or use other programs that access the Internet, these programs record where you go and what pages you browse. Your web browser and other programs also store information about you and your browsing in "cookie" files. And many programs store temporary files in "cache" folders that can take up space and slow down your browsing.
Many of these files contain personal information that can be seen by others who use your Mac, or by hackers who gain access to your computer. Intego Washing Machine helps manage this information, preventing others from seeing what you've been doing, and keeping your hard disk spic and span. Washing Machine helps you protect your privacy by making it easy to delete such information, wiping the tracks that your web browsers and other programs record when you use the Internet.
Washing Machine can clean five types of items: Bookmarks, Caches, Cookies, Download Histories, and Browsing Histories. It works with most web browsers, and many utilities or other programs that store information without your awareness. It even cleans up after some programs that you would never think are storing data.

10-17-2005, 07:45 PM
I have MINT condition trunk liner w/ the lid for CD changer & NAV, matching black plastic tray, screws, bracket to mount the NAV, CD Changer & factory amp, and plastic pieces that fit in the bracket. You can pick up everything locally for $40. I might consider shipping but won't be cheap coz the liner is big. Must have if you want to upgrade & get a cd changer or NAV.

i was wondering, as far as the structure of a report goes, is this alright:
Introduction paragraph indroducing the fact that there are similarities and difference between a given subject.
Paragraph stating one difference.
Paragraph stating two similarities.
Paragraph stating one more difference
As a general outline, it is not the recommended form, which would ask you to keep your similarities and differences in linear order rather than scattered about:
Intro - general info and thesis statment about the existence of similarities and differences.
P1 - all similarities (note that this comes first because they were first mentioned in the Introduction.
P2 - all differences

The NRG Marine Hull protection system utilizes the latest digital electronics and Ultrasonic transducer technology, by producing multiple bursts of ultra sonic energy simultaneously in a multiple range of frequencies. This energy produces a pattern of alternating positive and negative pressure.
The alternating pattern creates microscopic bubbles during periods of negative pressure and implodes them during periods of positive pressure in a phenomenon known as "cavitation." The implosion creates a micro-jet action that not only provides the cleaning effect on the hulls surface below the water line, it also resonates and destroys single cell organisms such as algae. The removal of the initial link in the food chain inhibits the growth barnacles and other marine life that feed on the algae.
Suitable for all types of hull materials except wood.
The West Advisor articles have answered boaters' questions and provided solutions to boating problems for more than 20 years. West Marine has compiled one of the Web's most comprehensive collections of technical boating information articles.

The Internet of Things (IoT) has metamorphosed over the last few years. In the future, its applications will no doubt impact industry, urban development, healthcare, agriculture and other major ecosystems. Gartner projects there will be 6.4 billion connected things in use worldwide in 2016 (a 30 percent increase from 2015), and that the market will grow to 20.8 billion by 2020.
While IoT will undoubtedly affect all sorts of global infrastructures, one of its prime applications is within the private home. By definition, a “smart home” is a house that incorporates advanced automation systems to provide the inhabitants with sophisticated monitoring and control over the building’s functions. A smart home may provide its owners with control of lighting, temperature, multi-media, window and door operations and security, as well as the ability to automatically replenish various supplies.
True replenishment automation depends on the manufacturer’s ability to incorporate secure payment options within a preset refill process, enabling the system to complete the entire acquisition cycle without any user involvement.
Smart payments for smart appliances
Several smart devices displayed at the recent CES show in Las Vegas feature the ability to replenish and pay for supplies automatically. For example, Samsung’s Family Hub refrigerator features an LCD screen that doubles as a communication center that can connect to Bluetooth wireless speakers. Three interior cameras capture images every time the fridge door closes, thereby enabling it to take stock of its contents and transmit them to the user’s smartphone.
Consumers can select their needed items from various online grocer and key integration partners. The final shopping list is secured with a four-digit pin. Items are then paid for in a simple, single checkout experience that accepts U.S.-issued credit and debit cards.
What happens if the Internet is down, your Wi-Fi is iffy or your Bluetooth isn’t working?
Amazon Dash embedding enables Whirlpool’s 2016 line-up of dishwashers, dryers and washers to order necessary supplies when you are running low. Amazon Dash buttons connect users with specific brands. For example, if you place an Ariel-branded Dash button on your washing machine, you can refill your laundry detergent with products from a given supplier. Users can connect the Whirlpool app to an Amazon account, enabling automatic payment capabilities.
Your bright future might well contain a super cool synergy of Star Trek, Star Wars, James Bond and the Jetsons, with cars that fill up an empty tank and pay for gas automatically, not to mention sophisticated bots that can handle all of your shopping errands, from list preparation to finalizing payments. And maybe there will be spaceship shuttles with prepaid debit cards, too.
So what could possibly go wrong?
What could go wrong, you ask? As it happens, quite a lot.
For one thing, many of today’s smart appliances (like the Samsung refrigerator and the Whirlpool dishwasher) only enable consumers to hook up with certain suppliers, limiting you to their products, payment methods and price ranges. By hooking up automatically, you are actually depriving yourself of the option to search for timely special offers or use different payment options.
Another problem is that many of these smart systems rely on Internet connection, Wi-Fi or Bluetooth to place and pay for orders. Several questions arise, like what happens if the Internet is down, your Wi-Fi is iffy or your Bluetooth isn’t working?
Say your appliance placed an order but didn’t have the chance to complete the payment — does your appliance remember that? What if the system fails in the middle of the payment process? How do you know if the payment actually went through? Will the appliance stop washing dishes or doing laundry because it is connected to external systems that are currently disabled?
Unless there are clear answers to these questions, what was supposed to be a really exciting convenience for homeowners may turn out to be a colossal headache that needs constant user attention.
Security is another major consideration. Many consumers are still hesitant about various evolving disbursement methods, such as mobile payments, due to their fear of cyber breaches. One ongoing concern is that fraudsters will be able to hack into appliances’ systems and gain crucial payment data, such as credit card numbers and PINs. Even more frightening is the possibility that cyber attackers will be able to penetrate smart security systems and virtually unlock a home’s doors and windows.
The smart home: “nice-to-have” or “must-have”?
Will the self-replenishing home take off in a big way or will it remain a “nice-to-have” option for techie geeks? Smart appliances must offer households real added value and complete peace of mind when it comes to usage, easy and secure payments and system reliability. Otherwise, the typical household is likely to feel much more secure and better off in their old-fashioned “dumb home.”Featured Image: Bryce Durbin

Cancers of the head and neck too often fall in between the cracks of medicine and dentistry, resulting in late diagnosis that brings poor prognosis and disfiguring treatments. There is no more important development in early detection and improved survival of oral cancer than an inexpensive non-invasive test that could be part of routine checkups and is simple enough to be performed at health fairs and safety net clinics by a variety of health care professionals and auxiliaries. MicroRNA (miRNA) holds the key to the development of such a test. MiRNAs are a new class of molecule, approximately 20-23 nucleotides in length, which are encoded in the genome and function in the regulation of gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. They act as molecular “rheostats” to make fine-tuning adjustments to protein output. A single change in a miRNA can affect hundreds, or even thousands, of protein expressions. Thus, changes in miRNA profiles appear to play important roles in cell growth and differentiation, as well as in disease states such as cancer. The current project focuses on obtaining profiles of miRNA expression in oral cancer to identify important changes that are relevant to one or more subtypes of oral cancer, as well as elucidating salivary miRNA biomarkers for early oral cancer detection.
This work is supported in part by a Student Fellowship from the Andrew J. Semesco Foundation, Ocala, FL.
Current Project Members
- Amani Harrandah, BDS
- Yoel Benarroch
- Katie Bennett
- Kristianna Fredenburg, M.D., Ph.D., Dept. of Pathology, Immunology, and Laboratory Medicine, UF College of Medicine, Gainesville, FL
- Jin Q. Cheng, Ph.D., M.D., Dept. of Oncologic Sciences, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute, Tampa, FL
Jung, H.M., Benarroch, Y., and Chan, E.K. Anti-cancer drugs reactivate tumor suppressor miR-375 expression in tongue cancer cells. J Cell Biochem. 116:836-43.
Libório-Kimura, T.N., Jung, H.M., and Chan, E.K. miR-494 represses HOXA10 expression and inhibits cell proliferation in oral cancer. Oral Oncol. 51:151-7.
Jung, H.M., Phillips, B.L., and Chan, E.K. miR-375 activates p21 and suppresses telomerase activity by coordinately regulating HPV E6/E7, E6AP, CIP2A, and 14-3-3ζ. Mol Cancer. 13:80.
Jung, H.M., Patel, R.S., Phillips, B.L., Wang, H., Cohen, D.M., Reinhold, W.C., Chang, L.J., Yang, L.J., and Chan, E.K. Tumor suppressor miR-375 regulates MYC expression via repression of CIP2A coding sequence through multiple miRNA-mRNA interaction. Mol Biol Cell. 24:1638-48.
Jung, H.M., Phillips, B.L., Patel, R.S., Cohen, D.M., Jakymiw, A., Kong, W.W., Cheng, J.Q., and Chan, E.K. Keratinization-associated miR-7 and miR-21 regulate tumor suppressor reversion-inducing-cysteine-rich protein with kazal motifs (RECK) in oral cancer. J Biol Chem. 287:29261-72.
Patel, R.S., Jakymiw, A., Yao, B., Pauley, B.A., Carcamo, W.C., Katz, J., Cheng, J.Q., and Chan, E.K. High resolution of microRNA signatures in human whole saliva. Arch. Oral Biol. 56:1506-13.

I have found ellips useful for building up my gluts and quads, and maintaining an excellent level of cardiovascular fitness, while watching an intelligent TV documentary and engaging my brain at the same time. I choose not to walk in the dark after work during the winter for obvious reasons. If it's sunny at the weekend and I have the option to take a walk, that's a different matter entirely - for sure I embrace that whenever I am lucky enough to have the opportunity.
F 5 ft 3. HW: 196 lbs. Primal SW (May 2011): 182 lbs (42% BF)... W June '12: 160 lbs (29% BF) (UK size 12, US size 8). GW: ~24% BF - have ditched the scales til I fit into a pair of UK size 10 bootcut jeans. Currently aligning towards 'The Perfect Health Diet' having swapped some fat for potatoes.

Left 4 Dead
Version and / or Patch Used: Latest Steam Update
Timedemo or Level Used: Custom Timedemo
Developer Homepage: http://www.valvesoftware.com/
Product Homepage: http://www.l4d.com/
Left 4 Dead uses the latest version of Valve's Source engine, with improvements such as multi-core processor support and physics-based animation to more realistically portray hair and clothing, and to improve physics interaction with enemies when shot or shoved in different body parts. Animation was also improved to allow characters to lean realistically when moving in curved paths.
Rendering and artificial intelligence were scaled up to allow for greater number of enemies who can navigate the world in better ways, such as climbing, jumping or breaking obstacles. Lighting has been enhanced with new self-shadowing normal mapping and advanced shadow rendering that is important to convey information about the environment and player actions.
At the highest resolution we can see the Galaxy GTX 275 comes out in front, while as we drop down it performs almost in line with the HD 4890.
PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below.
United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website.
United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website.
Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website.
- Page 1 [Introduction]
- Page 2 [The Package]
- Page 3 [The Card]
- Page 4 [Test System Setup and 3DMark Vantage]
- Page 5 [Benchmarks - PT Boats: Knights of the Sea]
- Page 6 [Benchmarks - CINEBENCH R10]
- Page 7 [Benchmarks - World in Conflict]
- Page 8 [Benchmarks - Crysis Warhead]
- Page 9 [Benchmarks - Far Cry 2]
- Page 10 [Benchmarks - S.T.A.L.K.E.R. - Clear Sky]
- Page 11 [Benchmarks - Left 4 Dead]
- Page 12 [Benchmarks - High Quality AA and AF]
- Page 13 [Benchmarks - World in Conflict - XP]
- Page 14 [Benchmarks - Far Cry 2 - XP]
- Page 15 [Benchmarks - S.T.A.L.K.E.R. - Clear Sky - XP]
- Page 16 [Temperature and Sound Tests]
- Page 17 [Power Consumption Tests]
- Page 18 [Final Thoughts]
Recommended for You
- We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here.

I am an early childhood educator by day, and an activist after work, on weekends, and during public holidays. In contrary to what many people have told me in private, I don’t think I should stick to being just a normal Singaporean girl or to ‘know my place in society’. It is not the desire of mine to be labelled as different or special nor do I wish to stand out from among the materialistic crowd as a ‘special sore thumb’. Deep down in my heart there are many issues that I am passionate about and among them include the dignity of human life, the right of all human beings to hold opinions and the freedom to voice out their opinions whether they are in agreement to the authorities or otherwise… and many more.
Besides that, I hope to be able to play the role of an advocate with my opinions on early childhood education so that parents who read my write ups have a clearer idea of the development of their children and to identify the purpose of a good early childhood education, and that is, an early childhood education seeks not to solely prepare children for primary school, but to encourage developments in various areas, to nurture the thirst for knowledge and to equip children with the basic foundations of lifelong skills.
To me, everyone is equal and have their roles in society. The role of a road sweeper is as significant to society as a politician’s and a low wage worker is not in any way ‘low class’ when standing next to a multi-millionaire. We should all stand on par and build this nation, this world, so that it progresses to be a better one for our generations to come and we should take pride in whatever roles we may play. No one should be left out and no one should be deem as unimportant or insignificant.
Therefore, even as a ‘lowly viewed high class nanny’ in Singapore who is working in a child care centre, I don’t see myself as a slave to any system. That is why I am doing what I do, that is why I am speaking up.
It is time for people to realise that members of the female gender should have an equal voice in society and should never be muted by their so called roles in the Asian society (making babies, bringing kids up and taking care of the household).
So there you go, this is who I am and what I think!
Should anyone wish to contact me, I can be reached at rachelabsinthe at gmail.com.
(BTW: I am not a member of any political party and am not interested to be in one)
49 Comments so far
Leave a comment

- Research Professor of Law; Director of the Institute for Constitutional History
- 2000 H Street, NW
Washington, District Of Columbia 20052
Maeva Marcus is a leading scholar in the field of constitutional studies. She received a PhD in history with distinction from Columbia University. Her dissertation, Truman and the Steel Seizure Case, was published by Columbia University Press (1977) and remains in print from Duke University Press. As editor of The Documentary History of the Supreme Court of the United States, 1789-1800, Dr. Marcus published eight volumes along with many related articles on legal history. She is a research professor of law at The George Washington University Law School and director of the Institute for Constitutional History. From 1983 to 1987, she was a visiting professor of law at Georgetown University Law Center. In October 2007, she became president of the American Society for Legal History and served in that role until 2009. In 2015, the Librarian of Congress appointed her as the general editor of the Oliver Wendell Holmes Devise History of the Supreme Court of the United States.
BA, Brandeis University; MA, PhD, Columbia University

October 19, 2008 2:34:22 PM CEST
this response is probably a bit late, you can find out about the demographics of an area on the Funda site when you look at a particular house.
You can click on the tab Buurt, and then find a link on that page called Buurtinformatie
you will find the following information in dutch (i added the english translations)
Gezinssamenstelling (Family composition)
Gezinnen met jonge kinderen (Families with young children)
Middelbaar paar zonder kinderen (middle-aged couple without children)
Jong paar zonder kinderen (young couple without children)
Koopwoningen (Own homes)
Tuin aanwezig (garden present)
etc, you get the idea. you can translate the terms on the page to get an impression of the composition of the neighbourhood.
as for the following places, i have lived in a few of them and know most of theml fairly well.
Rijswijk - a quiet and in some places genteel neighbourhood. many of the areas have a fairly elderly population with not many children. there's a huge shopping mall there, very popular place with many. not much ever happens here (knock on wood)
Voorburg - also a bit of a quiet suburb of the hague, some parts are rather shabby. a lot of renovations and building going on here. generally not a bad place to live.
Leischendam - see voorburg, but there are more newer buildings here. many flats like voorburg, some can be quite ratty. both places would be okay to live but not everywhere. look carefully before you leap.
Wassenaar - the posh neighbourhood of the hague but in the village there are a number of affordable houses. it's nice, very green. upkeep of roads etc excellent. if you can find an affordable place to live here, go for it!
Wateringen - small village, very pretty. far as i know, public transport to the hague is not the best connection in the world.
Delft - i love delft but it is a wildly expensive place to live, many homes are super small and not in the best condition. some parts of delft are really not very nice, walk through a neighbourhood before you choose.
Zoetemeer - not a bad place to live. there are one or two neighbourhoods where i would rather not go with kids, palestein and meerzicht with the mega flats are not cool to live. lots of green in and around zoetermeer. train connection with the hague is pretty good.
if you have kids, you might also consider living in nootdorp - a lovely village close to the hague, it's expanded a lot over the past years. it has a tram connection with the hague and recently got a station as well. pijnacker is also an agragian village that's seen a lot of expansion in the last years, very pretty to live in but here the public transport is not the best connection but it's doable.
you won't ever be far from amenities in the hague region, that's not a worry.
perhaps too much information, i hope some of it is useful to you

Connors Bags Deloitte & Touche, Mariah Vision Business
An estimated 12 undisclosed agencies pitched for the business, and the final round narrowed the contenders to three shops. Services offered by Connors include media relations, pushing profiles on business partners, data infrastructure and data mining.
"I think we're really trying to help them create more brand awareness in the tech space, which, I think, is a challenge," said Scott Allison, San Francisco-based president of Connors.
"The challenge in the tech space is that it's so crowded right now, with [news of] everything from Wall Street to the death of the dot-com boom," Allison said. "We want to position them as the leader in the technology future."
Deloitte & Touche is one of the leading consultancies nationwide, offering management consulting, tax, and assurance and advisory services.
In related news, Connors also was named to handle PR for Mariah Vision, a Virginia Beach, VA, Web software firm.
Connors, which becomes Mariah Vision's third PR shop in six months, competed with five undisclosed agencies in Boston, Chicago, New York and California. Portico, Boston, was the incumbent.
Mariah recently launched 3Scape, which uses data visualization technology to query and communicate with server-side databases.
Two-way communication between a corporate database and end-user allows for the creation of pertinent content to 3Scape objects. This results in a real-time Web application that does not require any refreshing of the relevant application. Children's educational books publisher Scholastic Inc. is a client.
"We basically want Connors to position Mariah Vision as a solutions provider for new dimensional Web environment solutions," said Timothy Ambrosino, president/CEO of Mariah Vision.
Connors is a specialist in Internet and tech marketers. Clients include priceline.com Inc., NationalGeographic.com, SideStep, zipRealty.com and Schema. It has begun media outreach for 5-year-old Mariah Vision.
"We hope to leverage our relationships within the tech sector to help Mariah Vision to foster strategic alliances and partnerships," said Connie Connors, CEO of her self-named agency.

Allied Telesyn Certifies with MetaSwitch
Joint solution aims to keep traffic local to the last mile.
The new joint solution offers the promise to service providers of access to POTS from VoIP without the need for an additional TDM/IP gateway.
On the Allied Telesyn side of certification is the iMAP 9000 series Release 7.0 carrier grade IP Access platform. The iMAP platform supports POTS interfaces and converts POTS traffic to VoIP. In combination with MetaSwitch's class 4/5 switching solutions, Allied Telesyn claims that it has created a multi-service IP delivery system that allows service providers to simply replace Class 4/5 central office voice switches with a lower cost and future-proof VoIP solution.
The joint solution also enables local calls, that is calls that originate and terminate on the same access network to remain within the same network. The MetaSwitch media gateway control protocol (MGCP)handles the call setup and teardown and features transmission, though the RTP traffic according to Allied Telesyn remains local to the last mile.
Allied Telesyn also claims that the joint solution will help to eliminate the need for TDM/IP gateways since the joint MetaSwitch solution allows core PSTN networks to easily migrate to end-to-end IP.
James Mustarde, Allied Telesyn's vice president, marketing and business development explained that MetaSwitch's IMS solutions were particularly attractive because they are scalable from hundreds to millions of subscribers. Allied Telesyn provides reliable, high-quality end-to-end networking gear to service providers seeking scalable options.
"In addition, Allied Telesyn views MetaSwitch as a softswitch supplier that shares the same VoIP evolution principles of promoting IP/Ethernet convergence farther into the local loop," Mustarde told VoIPplanet.com. "We selected them because they are seen as a market leader with a technology base that is complementary to the iMAP and iMG product families."

Analysis for WWF and UK-GBC: achieving minimum EPC standards in housing
This research, conducted by Parity Projects, examined 3,000 properties rated as EPC band “F” or “G” and modelled the improvements that would be needed to reach EPC band “E”.
It found that:
- The average cost of reaching band “E” was only £1,421 per home
- The average annual energy bill saving by reaching band “E” was £409 per annum
- More than 70 per cent of the properties were able to reach band “E” for less than £1,000.
All of the properties examined were also able to comply without resorting to measures which may require planning permission, such as external wall insulation or solar PV.
The data summary underlying this analysis is available here.

Good Teaching Really Matters! Who Knew?
A few years ago, I started work on a doctorate in Education Policy, which I assumed would be the pinnacle of (and I use the term sincerely) higher learning. As in: seminars around important educational questions, smart and diverse colleagues, the intellectual challenge of my (already considerable) lifetime.
What I wasn't expecting was brilliant teaching. None of us were--and most of my grad-school colleagues were bent on university teaching careers themselves. We'd all spent plenty of time in higher education, and knew better. We were veterans of the 200-student lecture hall, half-completed readings, listless discussion, grinding out research papers whose sole purpose was a grade. This is not to say that I didn't have knowledgeable, talented professors--I certainly did. But I wasn't assuming they had a responsibility to engage me in learning or motivate me.
What brought this into sharp focus was a simulation we did in Pro Seminar, based on Bill Bigelow's Testing, Tracking and Toeing the Line: A Role Play on the Origins of the Modern High School. All first-year doc students in education did substantial background reading (including all the books on the resource list--and more), then were assigned roles with a clear socio-economic status. (I got to play a well-off white woman attending a contentious school board meeting.)
In an introduction to the project, Bigelow notes:
What we don't teach in school can be more important than what we do teach. When we fail to engage students in thinking critically about their own schooling, the hidden message is: Don't analyze the institutions that shape your lives; don't ask who benefits, who suffers, and how it got to be this way; just shut up and do as you're told.
...allow students to question aspects of schooling they often take for granted, such as tracking ("ability grouping"), standardized testing, guidance counseling, student government, the flag salute, bells, required courses with patriotic themes, and extracurricular activities like athletics and the school newspaper.
Although I found the exercise fascinating, the two-hour role play was, pretty much, a bust. There was open resistance from many graduate students who found imagining themselves on different sides of an issue "silly." International students, arriving with their laptops and translation dictionaries, were thoroughly confused--why were we pretending to be Thorndike and Dewey? There was lots of harrumphing about how this might be OK for high school students, but not serious doctoral candidates at a Research One university.
Although the simulation was designed to question everyone's assumptions about schooling, it ended up demonstrating just how the most successful academics become locked into particular pedagogical models--the models, it should be noted, where they have shown exemplary performance: reading dense texts, extracting key bits of knowledge, discussing, opinionating, writing equally dense and scholarly papers, yada yada.
Pretending to take an opposing viewpoint? Extemporizing? Playfulness? No dice. In fact, irritation over the simulation spilled over into other courses, with other professors righteously pooh-poohing the idea that role-playing was "appropriate" at the advanced graduate level.
But (says the long-time K-12 teacher): Why not?
There are some really important questions buried here, around the nature of pedagogy. How is it that people learn? What sticks in their brains? What role does instruction have in embedding useful learning?
After NCLB was established, discussions around the "highly qualified teacher" often centered on content expertise as the key quality that made teachers effective. A teacher with a content major was a better bet than someone with mere facility in managing a class. Or--was a rigorous, pre-selected curriculum the ticket to better learning, trumping whatever it is that teachers do in the classroom?
I'm certain I am speaking for teachers everywhere when I say this: Pedagogy is a real thing. What teachers--and professors--do in their classes matters. It impacts learning, application and motivation. And pedagogy is not simply technique--it's not a bag of management tips and tricks. It begins with knowing your students, having a clear picture of what they need to learn, devising and adapting strategies, sometimes shooting from the hip. And paying attention to your results.
In a kind of breathless wonder, earlier this week, the NY Times shared this news:
What's exciting now is that even universities that prize academic research are putting more emphasis on teaching, says Matthew Kaplan, interim director for the Center for Research on Learning and Teaching at the University of Michigan. "There is pressure to have students engaged in their learning beyond 'Come to the lecture, do the reading.' " He recalls that Michigan's provost spent 55 minutes of a recent hour long faculty meeting talking about teaching.
Fifty-five minutes spent discussing teaching! At a university! Imagine that.
The rest of the piece describes a selection of "special" courses, the kind that college students are lining up to get into--courses with famous lecturers, a MOOC with a staff of 120, courses on entrepreneurial philanthropy, and some real-life adventures including tornado chasing. One course is a series of--hey!--simulations that sounds like an extended episode of Survivor.
The fact that "even universities that prize academic research" are giving a thought to teaching is good news, I guess--although undergraduates in education courses shouldn't probably count on learning how to teach from their professors, just yet.
All of this raises questions: How do we define good pedagogy? Does it cross developmental levels? Can you be too old (or too intellectually stiff) to learn from play? How does good teaching differ from entertainment? And how do we get more of it?

Differential solubility of curcuminoids in serum and albumin solutions: implications for analytical and therapeutic applications
© Quitschke; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. 2008
Received: 23 July 2008
Accepted: 06 November 2008
Published: 06 November 2008
Commercially available curcumin preparations contain a mixture of related polyphenols, collectively referred to as curcuminoids. These encompass the primary component curcumin along with its co-purified derivatives demethoxycurcumin and bisdemethoxycurcumin. Curcuminoids have numerous biological activities, including inhibition of cancer related cell proliferation and reduction of amyloid plaque formation associated with Alzheimer disease. Unfortunately, the solubility of curcuminoids in aqueous solutions is exceedingly low. This restricts their systemic availability in orally administered formulations and limits their therapeutic potential.
Methods are described that achieve high concentrations of soluble curcuminoids in serum. Solid curcuminoids were either mixed directly with serum, or they were predissolved in dimethyl sulfoxide and added as aliquots to serum. Both methods resulted in high levels of curcuminoid-solubility in mammalian sera from different species. However, adding aliquots of dimethyl sulfoxide-dissolved curcuminoids to serum proved to be more efficient, producing soluble curcuminoid concentrations of at least 3 mM in human serum. The methods also resulted in the differential solubility of individual curcuminoids in serum. The addition of dimethyl sulfoxide-dissolved curcuminoids to serum preferentially solubilized curcumin, whereas adding solid curcuminoids predominantly solubilized bisdemethoxycurcumin. Either method of solubilization was equally effective in inhibiting dose-dependent HeLa cell proliferation in culture. The maximum concentration of curcuminoids achieved in serum was at least 100-fold higher than that required for inhibiting cell proliferation in culture and 1000-fold higher than the concentration that has been reported to prevent amyloid plaque formation associated with Alzheimer disease. Curcuminoids were also highly soluble in solutions of purified albumin, a major component of serum.
These results suggest the possibility of alternative therapeutic approaches by injection or infusion of relatively small amounts of curcuminoid-enriched serum. They also provide tools to reproducibly solubilize curcuminoids for analysis in cell culture applications. The differential solubility of curcuminoids achieved by different methods of solubilization offers convenient alternatives to assess the diverse biological effects contributed by curcumin and its derivatives.
Turmeric is a powder derived from the root of the herb Curcuma longa and it is commonly used as a spice and coloring agent. Curcumin is a yellow pigment in turmeric, where it occurs in amounts of 2–9% [1, 2]. Although commonly referred to as 'curcumin', commercially available preparations are actually a mixture of the principal ingredient curcumin along with its copurified derivatives demethoxycurcumin and bisdemethoxycurcumin . Therefore, in this report the term 'curcuminoid' will be used to describe such commercially available preparations.
Curcuminoids possess numerous medicinal properties. These include antiinflammatory, antioxidant, antiviral, antiinfective, antimalarial and wound healing properties [4, 5]. In cancer related research curcuminoids have been used in cell culture systems, animal models, and clinical trials [6–13]. Curcuminoids have been implicated in inhibiting tumor promotion in skin, oral, intestinal, and colon cancers . It has also been suggested that they inhibit breast cancer metastasis in mice [14, 15]. Inhibition of cell proliferation is accomplished by cell cycle arrest or apoptosis [7, 16].
The antioxidative effect of curcuminoids and their ability to prevent Aβ aggregation has also attracted attention in Alzheimer disease research [17, 18]. For example, orally administered curcuminoids suppressed oxidative damage, synaptophysin loss, and reduced Aβ deposits in rats subjected to intracerebroventricular infusion of Aβ . Orally administered curcuminoids have been implicated in reducing Aβ plaque burden and the amount of soluble Aβ in Alzheimer transgenic mice . In addition, curcuminoids reduced interleukin-1β expression while the level of amyloid protein precursor (APP) remained unchanged . Studies on SH-SY5Y cells showed that curcuminoids counteracted the retinoic acid induced increased expression of APP  and nine curcuminoid substances isolated from turmeric had differential effects of protecting PC12 cells from Aβ insult . Another study reported an in vitro dose dependent inhibition of Aβ40 aggregation and disaggregation of Aβ40 fibrils with curcuminoid IC50 values of 0.8 μM and 1 μM, respectively. Similar results were obtained for curcuminoid-mediated inhibition of Aβ fibril formation and extension, as well as fibril destabilization with EC50 values ranging from 0.19 to 0.63 μM . The toxicity of Aβ to differentiated SH-SY5Y cells was inhibited at a 1 μM curcuminoid concentration. Furthermore, peripherally injected curcuminoids were found to cross the blood-brain barrier and orally administered curcuminoids to Tg2576 mice reduced amyloid burden and plaque formation .
Despite such encouraging reports, the study of curcuminoids is severely limited by their exceedingly low bioavailability following oral administration. This is largely a consequence of their extremely poor solubility and instability in aqueous solutions, in particular at alkaline pH [26, 27]. However, curcuminoid stability was increased in human blood and in tissue culture media containing 10% fetal calf serum (FCS) . In clinical trials with oral administration of curcuminoids, the observed circulating blood or plasma concentrations were found to range from either undetectable to about 1 μM [29–32]. Similar results were observed in the rat . In contrast, curcuminoids are soluble to variable degrees in a number of organic solvents. Curcuminoids are often prepared as a stock solution in one of these solvents, typically dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) or methanol. After administering DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids to mice by intraperitoneal injection, initial plasma concentrations were as high as 6 μM . In cell culture studies, the curcuminoid stock solution is usually added to the cell culture medium at various final concentrations. Unfortunately, upon adding such predissolved curcuminoids to an aqueous solution they precipitate. Therefore, the final concentration of the actual soluble curcuminoids in the medium remains inferential, since it is based on the dilution of the total amount added. Methods are here described that differentially solubilize high concentrations of biologically active curcuminoids in serum. This provides a novel method for curcuminoid administration in therapeutic applications and it allows for the preparation of tissue culture media with defined concentrations of differentially solubilized curcuminoids.
Reagents and solutions
BSA [Fraction V, 96–99% albumin], curcuminoids ('curcumin' > 95%) [Fluka], and DMSO [ACS reagent] were obtained from Sigma Chemical Company. 1-butanol (HPLC grade) was purchased from Fisher Scientific. Fetal calf, horse, rat, human and rabbit sera were supplied by Aleken Biologicals. DMEM (high glucose), 0.05% Trypsin-EDTA, and Penicillin-Streptomycin (10,000 units/ml, 100×) were provided by GIBCO (Invitrogen). Acetonitrile and water (both HPLC grade) were obtained from Mallinckrodt Baker Inc. All other standard laboratory chemicals were purchased from Research Organics.
BSA was prepared as 10% or 20% (w/v) stock solutions in PBS (137 mM NaCl, 10 mM Phosphate, 2.7 mM KCl, pH 7.4) and used directly or diluted as indicated. Sera were thoroughly mixed and used as provided. Butanol was equilibrated with an excess of deionized water and used after phase separation. Eluent solutions A (5% acetonitrile, 0.01% ammonium acetate, pH 4.5, and 95% water) and B (95% acetonitrile, 0.01% ammonium acetate, pH 4.5, and 5% water) were used to generate a gradient in reversed phase chromatography (see below).
Curcuminoid solubilization and cell culture media preparation
Either solid curcuminoid powder in varying amounts (1–70 mg) or 10 μl of curcuminoids (10–500 mM) predissolved in DMSO were added to 1 ml of serum or BSA solutions in 1.5 ml microfuge tubes. Solid curcumin was vortexed until the powder was well suspended. When DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids were added to the aqueous protein solution, much of the curcuminoids precipitated and the precipitate was vortexed until suspended. Time course experiments showed that no additional curcuminoid solubilization occurred after 4–6 h of incubation of the suspensions at 4°C. However, to ensure that complete equilibrium was established, incubation was continued on a rotary mixer for 16–24 h. Thereafter, the remaining insoluble curcuminoids were pelleted by centrifugation for 10 min at 14,000 × g. Aliquots of 200 μl were withdrawn for butanol extraction. In all cases, extreme care had to be exercised not to include insoluble curcuminoids in samples designated for butanol extractions, since this would substantially increase the apparent amount of soluble curcuminoids.
For cell culture media preparation, 29 ml of FCS were either mixed with 870 mg (30 mg/ml) of solid curcuminoids or 145 μl (5 μl/ml) of DMSO containing 500 mM curcuminoids. In both cases, the suspended curcuminoids were stirred in 50 ml Erlenmeyer flasks at 4°C for 16–24 h. Residual insoluble curcuminoids were removed by two centrifugations at 14,000 × g. From the resulting FCS-curcuminoid solution, 1 ml was collected for butanol extraction and spectrophotometric concentration determination, or reversed phase chromatography. Of the remaining FCS-curcuminoid solution, 25 ml were added to 500 ml of DMEM. The resulting media were sterilized through 0.45 μm filters (Pall Life Sciences). Aliquots of 0.5 ml were then removed for butanol extraction and concentration determination. Curcuminoid-containing media were diluted with standard medium to obtain the desired final curcuminoid concentrations.
In experiments addressing the influence of mixing technique on curcuminoid solubility, solid curcuminoids were added to 10 ml of FCS (30 mg/ml) and mixed either by magnetic stirring at medium speed in a 25 ml Erlenmeyer flask, or by rotation on a rotational mixer for 16–24 h. Alternatively, DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids (500 mM) were added to 10 ml of FCS (5 μl/ml) and similarly mixed.
Spectrophotometric concentration determinations and curcuminoid extractions
Curcuminoids were extracted from 200 μl serum or BSA solutions by mixing with 1 ml of water-saturated butanol. Water-saturated butanol was used instead of pure butanol because water partitions into the butanol phase at a volume ratio of slightly more then 1/10. The biphasic solution was thoroughly vortexed and phases were separated by microcentrifugation. Aliquots of 200 μl of the upper butanol phase were removed and either added directly to a 96-well microplate (Corning Inc.) or further diluted with butanol at ratios of 1:5 or 1:10 to achieve OD values within the linear absorption range. The background OD readings were uniformly about 0.1 (+/- 0.01) OD units and these values were subtracted from those obtained with the extracted curcuminoid solutions. Because of the lower concentration of curcuminoids in cell culture media, aliquots of 0.5 ml were extracted with 1 ml of butanol. In both cases, more than 95% of the curcuminoids uniformly partitioned into the organic phase. However, DMEM and other tissue culture media typically contain the indicator dye Phenol Red, which also partially partitions into the butanol phase. This resulted in higher background readings of about 0.220 OD (+/- 0.02) units. These higher background readings that in these instances were subtracted from the experimental values did not appreciably affect measurement accuracy or precision.
Cell culture and curcuminoid stability in media
HeLa cells (ATCC#: CCL-2) were grown in DMEM containing 5% FCS and penicillin-streptomycin (100 units/ml) at 37°C in an incubator equilibrated with 5% CO2. For cell survival analysis, cells were seeded at about 20% confluence in 25 cm2 flasks (Sarstedt). Cells were photographed in three random viewing fields using phase contrast microscopy (Minolta) and counted. The number obtained from the initial cell count was designated as 100%. Thereafter, cells were incubated in media containing 0, 10, 20, 30, 40, and 50 μM soluble curcumin. Media were changed and cells counted daily during three days of incubation.
The stability of soluble curcuminoids in cell culture media stored at 4°C was measured by extracting 0.5 ml aliquots of media with 1 ml of butanol at indicated time intervals between 0 and 28 days after preparation. Alternatively, 10 ml of media were stored in 25 cm2 flasks at 37°C in a tissue culture incubator, either with or without CO2 exposure. Aliquots of 0.5 ml were removed for curcuminoid extractions at intervals ranging from 0 to 9 days. Background measurements were subtracted from identically incubated media devoid of curcuminoids.
Sequential addition of solid and DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids to 5% BSA and FCS
Either 36 mg of solid curcuminoids or 12 μl of 500 mM DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids were added to 1.2 ml of 5% BSA or FCS and processed as described. Thereafter, the insoluble curcuminoids were pelleted by centrifugation and the entire supernatant removed. Aliquots of 200 μl were butanol extracted for total curcuminoid determination and 20 μl were extracted for reversed phase chromatography. The remaining supernatants were mixed with either 30 mg of solid curcuminoids or 10 μl of 500 mM DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids in reverse order. The suspensions were reincubated and then processed for concentration determination.
Sequential extraction of curcuminoids from 5% BSA
Solid curcuminoids in amounts of 1, 10, 20, 30, 40, and 50 mg were added to 1 ml of 5% BSA and incubated as described above. Thereafter, the insoluble curcuminoids were pelleted by centrifugation and the entire supernatant removed, followed by adding 1 ml of fresh 5% BSA to the remaining pellet. Aliquots of 200 μl were extracted with 1 ml of butanol and the concentration of total soluble curcuminoids was determined. Where applicable, 20 μl aliquots were analyzed by reversed phase chromatography. This process was repeated 10 times. After the last extraction, the remaining insoluble curcuminoid pellets were washed three times with deionized water and dried under vacuum. The dried pellets were then dissolved in 200 μl DMSO. Aliquots were diluted in butanol and the yield of curcuminoids in the final pellet determined spectrophotometrically. Aliquots of 10 μl from the respective DMSO-dissolved final pellets were then added to 1 ml of 5% BSA and solubilized as described above for concentration determination and reversed phase chromatography.
Reversed phase chromatography of soluble curcuminoids
Curcuminoids solubilized in protein solutions (20 μl) or media samples (200 μl) were extracted for reversed phase chromatography with 300 μl of water-saturated butanol and evaporated in a Savant Speed-Vac concentrator attached to a vacuum pump. The dried residue was reconstituted in a 0.5 ml solution containing 75% eluent A (5% acetonitrile, 0.01% ammonium acetate, pH 4.5, and 95% water) and 25% eluent B (95% acetonitrile, 0.01% ammonium acetate, pH 4.5, and 5% water), representing an acetonitrile concentration of 27.5%. Reversed phase chromatography was performed on an FPLC Äkta Purifier system equipped with a Source 5RPC ST 4.6/150 column (GE Healthcare). Reconstituted curcuminoids (300–400 μl) were loaded onto a 100 μl sample loading loop and separated with a 35 ml linear gradient, which ranged from a starting concentration of 75% eluent A and 25% eluent B to a final concentration of 15% eluent A and 85% eluent B (27.5% – 81.5% acetonitrile) at a flow rate of 1 ml/min. The eluent was monitored at a wavelength of 427 nm. Quantitation of individual peaks was carried out with the Unicorn (version 2.2) peak integration program.
Concentration calculations and statistical analysis
The arithmetic mean of the molecular masses of the three curcuminoids (338 kDa) was used as a general reference value for spectrophotometric concentration calculations. This was necessary since the relative contribution of each curcuminoid varied considerably between different experimental conditions. In addition, the molar absorptivity (ε) of the three curcuminoids dissolved in ethanol were shown to vary from 6.73 (x104 L cm-1mol-1) for curcumin to 4.95 for bisdemethoxycurcumin at 425 nm . The molar absorptivity for the curcuminoid preparation solubilized in butanol was essentially the same as that dissolved in ethanol (data not shown). Hence, it is likely that similar variabilities in molar absorptivity between the three curcuminoids dissolved in butanol exist. However, using the arithmetic mean as a molecular mass reference assured that the reported concentration values were within 15% of the actual concentrations, regardless of the relative distribution of the three curcuminoids within the measured sample.
All data points were calculated as the average of at least three independent experiments, each assayed in duplicate. Error bars represent the standard deviation from the average. Where applicable, the concentration of soluble curcumin as a function of added curcumin was fitted to an exponential saturation function with Sigma Plot software.
Results and discussion
Spectral properties of curcuminoids solubilized in butanol
Spectrophotometry was used to systematically determine the concentration of soluble total curcuminoids in serum. Since this required a reliable dose curve, it was essential to solvent-extract the solubilized curcuminoids from the aqueous solutions in a quantitative manner. An ideal solvent proved to be water-saturated butanol, which has the capacity to solubilize curcuminoids up to an approximately 9.5 mM concentration. This solvent is relatively nontoxic and it has a low vapor pressure, which eliminates concerns about volume changes due to evaporation during the assay. It is also chemically inert to the polystyrene used in microplates. After the first extraction of 200 μl FCS-solubilized curcuminoids with 1 ml of butanol, more than 95% of the soluble curcuminoids partitioned into the butanol phase.
A spectral scan between wavelengths 370 nm and 460 nm produced a maximum absorption plateau between wavelengths 425 nm and 431 nm (Fig. 1A). A wavelength of 427 nm was selected for concentration determinations. At this wavelength absorption was linear at curcuminoid concentrations between 2 and 80 μM corresponding to a maximum optical density (OD) of about 2.5 (Fig. 1B).
A 50 μM solution of Curcuminoids in butanol was further analyzed by reversed phase chromatography. Three sequential peaks were eluted that were identified as curcumin (retention time (rt): 26 min), demethoxycurcumin (rt: 24.8 min), and bisdemethoxycurcumin (rt: 23.6 min) [Fig. 1C]. The identification was based on elution profiles obtained with similar acetonitrile gradients [36–38] and on the relative amount of each component present in the curcuminoid mixture. Integrating the areas under the peaks resulted in relative ratios of 79% curcumin, 18% demethoxycurcumin, and 3% bisdemethoxycurcumin. These values are in the same range as those reported for other commercial preparations [29, 39].
The solubility of curcuminoids in FCS differs depending on whether they are added in solid or DMSO-dissolved form
To determine whether adding a defined concentration of curcuminoids predissolved in an organic solvent would alter the final solubility in FCS, 10 μl of DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids at concentrations ranging from 20 mM to 500 mM were added to 1 ml of FCS (Fig. 2B). Compared to the results obtained by adding solid curcuminoids, the solubility in FCS almost doubled to over 1000 μM at saturation. Near-saturation levels of about 850 μM FCS-soluble curcuminoids were achieved with 10 μl of 100 mM DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids. This corresponded to about 0.37 mg of total curcuminoids added. This was more than 80-fold less than the comparable 30 mg of solid curcuminoids required for near-maximum FCS-solubility (Fig. 2A). Within the linear range of the saturation curve for DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids (20–100 mM), the amount of FCS-soluble curcuminoids corresponded to about 70–85% of the total added curcuminoids. This value was about 100-fold higher than that obtained by adding solid curcuminoids (Fig. 2A). This indicated that predissolving curcuminoids in DMSO rendered them in a physical form that was more favorable for solubilization in FCS than the solid powder.
Curcuminoids are soluble in bovine serum albumin (BSA) solutions
When the constant amount of 30 mg solid curcuminoids was added to 1 ml of solutions with increasing concentrations of BSA (0.2–10%), saturation was observed at about 5% BSA yielding a soluble curcuminoid concentration of about 1200 μM, which again represented a molar curcuminoid/BSA ratio of 1.6 (Fig. 3C). However, at BSA concentrations of less than 1%, curcuminoid/BSA ratios as high as 3.3 were calculated. At higher BSA concentrations the saturation kinetics indicated that the amount of solid curcuminoids available for solubilization in BSA was the limiting factor, although at a 1400 μM curcuminoid concentration only about 1.7% of the total added curcuminoids had actually been solubilized.
In contrast, when 10 μl of DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids at a constant 500 mM concentration were added to solutions with increasing concentrations of BSA, the BSA-soluble curcuminoid concentration increased to a maximum of about 4500 μM, which was obtained at BSA concentrations above 14% (Fig. 3D). Within the linear range of the curve, the molar curcuminoid/BSA ratio remained constant at about 2.6. These curcuminoid/BSA ratios differ somewhat from those reported by Barik et al. . In that study, the interaction of curcumin and BSA was studied by fluorescence spectroscopy. The authors found that curcumin bound at high affinity to BSA within a microdomain that is largely nonpolar. Their data suggested at least one, but possibly two binding sites of curcumin in BSA. The data reported here suggest between two and four BSA binding sites for curcumin or its derivatives. These discrepancies may be accounted for by differences in the methods of solubilization or the concentration of curcuminoids in solution.
At saturating BSA concentrations (14–20%), the amount of DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids converted into BSA-solubilized curcuminoids was about 92–96% (Fig. 3D), whereas the comparative value attained with solid curcuminoids was about 1.7% (Fig. 3A). This again demonstrated that DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids were far more effective for solubilization than solid curcuminoids in both FCS and BSA solutions.
Reversed ratios of solid and DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids in FCS and BSA solutions
The solubility of curcuminoids in 5% BSA and FCS depends on the order of addition of DMSO-dissolved and solid curcuminoids
The sequentially solubilized curcuminoids in FCS and 5% BSA were also analyzed by reversed phase chromatography. The elution profiles showed a similar pattern for both 5% BSA and FCS (Fig. 5B,C). After the initial incubation with DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids followed by incubation with solid curcuminoids, there was a small increase in the relative solubility of bisdemethoxycurcumin and demethoxycurcumin. However, this increase was not nearly as high as would be expected from the sum of the incubations with solid and DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids alone (Fig. 5B,C). Concomitantly, there was a small decrease in the relative amount of solubilized curcumin.
In contrast, when the protein solutions were first incubated with solid curcuminoids followed by DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids the elution profile changed dramatically. The relative levels of bisdemethoxycurcumin and demethoxycurcumin were essentially the cumulative sum of the individually added solid and DMSO dissolved curcuminoids in both FCS and 5% BSA. However, the relative solubility of curcumin following sequential addition was only consistent with the sum of the individual additions to FCS (Fig. 5B). By comparison, the relative contribution of curcumin in 5% BSA was lower after the sequential additions than would be expected from the sum of adding DMSO-dissolved and solid curcumin individually. The reason for this difference might be due to the heterogeneous protein composition of FCS, which may result in multiple proteins contributing to curcuminoid solubility. The data obtained by reversed phase chromatography are in agreement with the spectrophotometrically determined solubility of total curcuminoids (Fig. 5A).
These results affirm that the mechanisms for converting solid and DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids into BSA- and FCS-soluble curcuminoids are profoundly different. The reason for these differences is uncertain, in particular since a major portion of the DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids initially precipitate upon addition to the aqueous protein solution. It is conceivable that this is due to differences in structure between the added solid curcuminoids and the curcuminoids precipitated from the DMSO solution. Commercial curcuminoids are commonly produced by the extraction of turmeric powder with a range of organic solvents followed by evaporation . Such a process is likely to yield ordered curcuminoid crystals or polycrystalline structures. Solid curcuminoids would thus allow only limited surface access of the solvent to disrupt the defined structures. In contrast, a precipitation would be considered a disorganized event yielding an amorphous solid with solvent molecules trapped between the particles. Hence, the combination of increased surface area for solvent access and disorganized structure would favor enhanced solubilization of DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids. It is possible that this phenomenon is related to observations made with solid dispersion experiments using mixtures of polyvinylpyrrolidine (PVP) and curcumin at different ratios . In that study, pure curcumin displayed crystalline structures with well-developed edges. In contrast, solid dispersions with varying amounts of PVP yielded spherical particles with increased surface area. Similarly, the solubility of curcumin in aqueous medium increased dramatically with solid dispersions at higher PVP/curcumin ratios .
Sequential extraction of solid curcuminoids reduces soluble yield and changes curcuminoid ratios
After the final tenth incubation, the remaining solid curcuminoid pellet was rinsed three times in water and dried under vacuum. The dried curcuminoids were dissolved in 200 μl DMSO and the concentration determined spectrophotometrically after serial dilution of aliquots in butanol. The total amount of curcuminoids in the remaining pellets had declined by only 3–17% following ten incubations with fresh 5% BSA (Fig. 6B). Much of this decline could be attributed to the removal of small amounts of suspended solid curcuminoids with the supernatant. When 10 μl of the DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids were added to 1 ml of 5% BSA, the amount of curcuminoids soluble in 5% BSA was again increased to concentrations ranging from 1500 to 2300 μM, which was consistent with the results observed in Fig. 3.
Sequential extraction of 1 and 50 mg of curcuminoids with 5% BSA was also monitored by reversed phase chromatography (Fig. 6C,D). These amounts were chosen to detect possible variations in individual curcuminoid levels due to different amounts of starting material available for extraction. After five extractions of 1 mg of curcuminoids, there was a sharp decrease in the relative amount of bisdemethoxycurcumin solubilized in 5% BSA. This decrease was even more pronounced after ten extractions. Concomitantly, there was an increase in the relative amount of demethoxycurcumin after five extractions, followed by a slight decrease after ten extractions. By comparison, the relative amount of solubilized curcumin increased dramatically after five extractions and remained largely constant thereafter, while the amount of total curcuminoids available for solubilization decreased. Moreover, while there was a moderate decrease in the amount of bisdemethoxycurcumin and demethoxycurcumin, the overall profile of the curcuminoids remaining in the insoluble pellet after ten extractions (Fig. 6C) was little changed from its original composition (compare Fig. 1C).
Following the repeated extraction of the larger amount of curcuminoids (50 mg), a different pattern emerged. While the relative level of bisdemethoxycurcumin declined over ten extractions, the relative amount of demethoxycurcumin increased after five extractions and remained constant thereafter. Compared to the extraction of 1 mg curcuminoids, the extraction of 50 mg resulted in a much lower increase in the relative amount of soluble curcumin. There was also less depletion of bisdemethoxycurcumin and demethoxycurcumin in the final pellet (Fig. 6D).
These results again confirm that the three curcuminoids exist in the preparation of solid curcuminoids in different solid forms, such that each curcuminoid is differentially available for solubilization in 5% BSA. The repeated extractions of either 1 mg or 50 mg of solid curcuminoids show that the bisdemethoxycurcumin was most readily available for solubilization, followed by demethoxycurcumin. When these respective sources were depleted, curcumin was available for limited solubilization, while the total amount of curcuminoids available for solubilization was declining. Nevertheless, even after 10 extractions the depletion of bisdemethoxycurcumin and demethoxycurcumin was not complete, since residual amounts remained in the final curcuminoid pellets.
It is conceivable that the curcuminoids exist as a mixture of pure and mixed crystals in the commercial preparations of solid curcuminoids. Since curcumin is the most prevalent curcuminoid in the mixture, this compound would be more likely to form pure crystals. It is tempting to speculate that mixed crystals are easier to solubilize than pure crystals, resulting in the preferential solubilization of bisdemethoxycurcumin and demethoxycurcumin from the crystalline state. The notion that crystal structure is a possible parameter in the solubility properties of solid curcumin is supported by the following observation. Solid curcumin (30 mg) was dissolved in 1 ml of acetone and allowed to completely evaporate at room temperature. The residual curcuminoids were then incubated with 5% BSA and the solubilized curcuminoids analyzed by reversed phase chromatography. The elution profile of curcuminoids solubilized from this solid (B: 23%, D: 33%, C: 44%) differed profoundly from that obtained from the original commercial preparation (B: 74%, D: 26%, C: 3%) [Fig 4B]. It is therefore conceivable that the evaporation procedure had altered the original crystal structure, thereby shifting the preferential solubilization in 5% BSA from bisdemethoxycurcumin to curcumin.
These results also suggest that BSA may form complexes with curcuminoids that differ in their binding affinities. For example, when DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids are first solubilized in 5% BSA, all high and most of the low affinity binding sites would be occupied. Consequently, upon further incubation with solid curcuminoids no additional solubilization would occur, since all available sites would already be occupied. In contrast, when 5% BSA is first incubated with solid curcuminoids, only the high affinity binding sites would be accessible for limited solubilization. The remaining lower affinity sites would then be available for subsequent solubilization of DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids, resulting in an additive response (Fig. 5). This concept can be extended to explain the different levels of solubility obtained by adding DMSO-dissolved or solid curcuminoids to FCS or BSA solutions (Figs. 2 and 3), and to account for the effects of sequential extractions of solid curcuminoids (Fig. 6).
Curcuminoids are differentially soluble in sera from different mammalian species
The effect of freeze-thawing sera on curcuminoid solubility was not systematically examined here. However, throughout the study, both FCS and BSA solutions were frozen and thawed multiple times without apparent effect on their ability to solubilize curcuminoids. Similarly, serum already containing soluble curcuminoids could be frozen and thawed without evidence of further curcuminoid precipitation or decline in biological activity.
The solubilization of solid curcuminoids for cell culture applications depends on method of mixing
Unexpectedly, the curcuminoid concentration achieved by stirring solid curcuminoids was about twice as high as that anticipated from the results described in Fig. 2. In those experiments, 1 ml of FCS was mixed with 30 mg of solid curcuminoids in 1.5 ml Eppendorf tubes by rotation on a Barnstead Thermoline labquake rotator for 16–24 h. This discrepancy in soluble curcuminoid concentrations produced by the two methods of mixing warranted systematic investigation. Therefore, 10 ml of FCS were mixed with 300 mg of solid or 50 μl of 500 mM DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids either by stirring or by rotation. Indeed, both mixing methods were similarly effective in solubilizing DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids in FCS (Fig. 8A). Conversely, mixing solid curcuminoids with 10 ml of FCS by rotation resulted in lower soluble curcuminoid concentrations than those produced by rotational mixing of 1 ml samples, even though the curcuminoid/volume ratios were the same. This could be due to less efficient mixing of larger volumes. In contrast, stirring solid curcumin produced an almost three-fold increase in the amount of FCS-solubilized curcuminoids (Fig. 8A). This procedure also resulted in physical changes in the suspended solid curcuminoid particles. Suspended curcumin obtained by rotational mixing could be effectively pelleted by low-speed centrifugation (3000 × g), whereas much of the stirred curcuminoids remained in suspension at this speed. This indicated that stirring resulted in a more effective dispersion of solid curcuminoid particles, thus making them available for more efficient solubilization in FCS.
Reversed phase chromatography of the DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids solubilized in FCS by the two mixing methods revealed no differences in the levels of individual curcuminoids (Fig 8B). The pattern was essentially the same as that produced by rotational mixing of volumes of 1 ml (compare Fig. 4B). Conversely, mixing solid curcuminoids by the two methods produced different curcuminoid concentration profiles in FCS. Rotational mixing effectively resulted in the same pattern as that described in Fig. 4B, whereas mixing by magnetic stirring provided higher soluble levels of demethoxycurcumin and curcumin. Nevertheless, in both cases bisdemethoxycurcumin remained the predominant component (Fig. 8C).
This demonstrates that particle size, resulting from different mixing methods is an important parameter in determining the relative solubility of individual and total curcuminoids. The effect of reducing particle size is particularly relevant when solubilizing solid curcumin. It is possible that other mixing methods not examined here, such as extended vortexing, could produce additional patterns of curcuminoid solubilization profiles. These results suggest additional parameters for differentially enriching specific curcuminoids in serum and cell culture media.
The stability of curcuminoids in tissue culture media depends on storage and incubation conditions
The declining stability of curcumin in solution was defined as the loss of absorption at the wavelength of 427 nm. Curcumin was found to rapidly decompose in aqueous solutions, yielding the final degradation products vanillin, ferulic acid, and feruloyl methane . These compounds have shifted their absorption maximum to the UV range and they no longer absorb at the wavelength of 427 nm. Thus, the decrease in absorption at 427 nm can be considered a reliable measure of the stability-related decline in curcumin concentration, in particular since it was accompanied by a proportional decline in biological effect on cells in culture (data not shown).
These conclusions were supported by reversed phase chromatography of curcuminoids from media incubated at 37°C in the presence of 5% CO2. In media containing serum prepared with stirred solid curcuminoids, the starting profile was the same as that shown in Fig. 8. The predominant component was bisdemethoxycurcumin with lower amounts of demethoxycurcumin and curcumin (Fig. 9B). During a seven-day incubation, all components declined in concentration. However, the most rapid decline was observed with curcumin and demethoxycurcumin. The most stable component was bisdemethoxycurcumin, which after seven days had declined by only about 50% (Fig. 9B).
In media containing serum prepared with DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids, the starting concentration of the individual curcuminoids (Fig. 9D) reflected the curcuminoid ratios present in the original powdered mixture (Fig. 1C). Curcumin, which at the onset was the predominant component, declined rapidly in relative concentration and became undetectable after seven days of incubation. The level of demethoxycurcumin declined less rapidly from a lower initial concentration. Bisdemethoxycurcumin was again the most stable component and its concentration declined moderately from what had been a very low initial concentration (Fig. 9D). In media prepared either with solid and DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids, the stability of the individual components declined in the order: bisdemethoxycurcumin > demethoxycurcumin > curcumin. The sum of the concentration declines of the individual curcuminoids observed by reversed phase chromatography (Fig. 9A,C) was in agreement with the values obtained by spectrophotometry of the total curcuminoids (Fig. 9B,D).
The effects on cell proliferation of media prepared with solid and DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids are indistinguishable
In other reported cell culture studies, curcumin inhibited cell growth or induced apoptosis in a variety of cell lines at concentrations ranging from 10–100 μM [43–49]. The presented data concur with those results. Although the ratios of the individual curcuminoids were different in media prepared with solid or DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids, there was no detectable difference in their ability to inhibit HeLa cell proliferation under the culture conditions used here. Similar results were observed in a variety of cell lines . These cell culture studies also suggest that curcuminoid levels required for efficient control of cell proliferation are vastly higher than those obtained in plasma by oral uptake .
Methods are described that enable the solubilization of curcuminoids at high concentrations in serum or albumin solutions. The serum-solubilized curcuminoids can be quantitatively extracted with water-saturated butanol and their concentration determined spectrophotometrically at 427 nm. Once curcuminoids are dissolved, the serum can be diluted or concentrated at will without evidence of precipitation (data not shown). This allows for the preparation of cell culture media with precisely defined curcuminoid concentrations. The concentration of total curcuminoids that can be achieved in serum is about 100-fold higher than that required for inhibition of cell proliferation activity in cell culture systems [43–49]. This immediately suggests a novel method for curcuminoid administration by intravenous infusion of serum-solubilized curcuminoids, thereby circumventing the gastrointestinal tract. For example, if a typical human subject has a total blood volume of 5 liters, an intravenous infusion of only 50 ml serum would achieve an initial blood concentration of about 20–30 μM, an amount compatible with inhibition of cell proliferation in culture. Such defined high concentrations would also allow for the study of the metabolism and partition of curcuminoids into various fluid compartments to obtain optimal steady-state therapeutic levels of curcuminoids. The potential toxic effects associated with DMSO in these instances should be considered negligible, since the amount administered is a minute fraction of that considered acceptable in e.g. stem cell transplantation and blood progenitor cell cryopreservation [52, 53]. However, the potential toxic effects of curcuminoids would have to be further investigated at such unprecedented plasma concentrations. Moreover, studies relating to the effect of curcumin on Alzheimer disease suggest that therapeutic or preventative effects could be achieved in as little as a 1–2 μM concentration range [23–25], which is less than 1/10 of that required for inhibiting tumor proliferation in cell culture. At these lower concentrations toxic effects are much less likely to occur.
In addition to providing generally high concentrations of soluble curcuminoids, the described procedures offer the opportunity to adjust the level of individual curcuminoids in serum preparations. For example, if solid curcumin is used to prepare serum, the predominant solubilized curcuminoid is bisdemethoxycurcumin, whereas curcumin predominates when DMSO-dissolved curcuminoids are used. Variations in mixing techniques for solubilizing solid curcuminoids in serum offer additional alternatives for maximizing solubility and modifying curcuminoid ratios. Furthermore, curcuminoids solubilized in sera by different methods can be combined to achieve optimal curcuminoid ratios for specific treatment regiments or cell culture applications.
fetal calf serum
bovine serum albumin
amyloid precursor protein
Dulbecco's Modified Eagle Medium
American Type Culture Collection
This work was supported by National Institutes of Health Grant NS30994.
- Tayyem RF, Heath DD, Al-Delaimy WK, Rock CL: Curcumin content of turmeric and curry powders. Nutr Cancer. 2006, 55: 126-131. 10.1207/s15327914nc5502_2.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Jayaprakasha GK, Jagan Mohan Rao L, Sakariah KK: Improved HPLC method for the determination of curcumin, demethoxycurcumin, and bisdemethoxycurcumin. J Agric Food Chem. 2002, 50: 3668-3672. 10.1021/jf025506a.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Tønnesen HH, Karlsen J: High-performance liquid chromatography of curcumin and related compounds. J Chromatogr. 1983, 259: 367-371. 10.1016/S0021-9673(01)88022-5.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Duvoix A, Blasius R, Delhalle S, Schnekenburger M, Morceau F, Henry E, Dicato M, Diederich M: Chemopreventive and therapeutic effects of curcumin. Cancer Lett. 2005, 223: 181-190. 10.1016/j.canlet.2004.09.041.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Cui L, Miao J, Cui L: Cytotoxic effect of curcumin on malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum: inhibition of histone acetylation and generation of reactive oxygen species. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2007, 51: 488-494. 10.1128/AAC.01238-06.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Shishodia S, Chaturvedi MM, Aggarwal BB: Role of curcumin in cancer therapy. Curr Probl Cancer. 2007, 31: 243-305. 10.1016/j.currproblcancer.2007.04.001.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Karunagaran D, Rashmi R, Kumar TR: Induction of apoptosis by curcumin and its implications for cancer therapy. Curr Cancer Drug Targets. 2005, 5: 117-129. 10.2174/1568009053202081.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Singh RP, Agarwal R: Mechanisms of action of novel agents for prostate cancer chemoprevention. Endocr Relat Cancer. 2006, 13: 751-778. 10.1677/erc.1.01126.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Sharma RA, McLelland HR, Hill KA, Ireson CR, Euden SA, Manson MM, Pirmohamed M, Marnett LJ, Gescher AJ, Steward WP: Pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic study of oral Curcuma extract in patients with colorectal cancer. Clin Cancer Res. 2001, 7: 1894-1900.Google Scholar
- Chattopadhyay I, Biswas K, Bandyopadhyay U, Banerjee RK: Turmeric and Curcumin: Biological actions and medicinal applications. Curr Sci. 2004, 87: 44-53.Google Scholar
- Maheshwari RK, Singh AK, Gaddipati J, Srimal RC: Multiple biological activities of curcumin: a short review. Life Sci. 2006, 78: 2081-2087. 10.1016/j.lfs.2005.12.007.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Thangapazham RL, Sharma A, Maheshwari RK: Multiple molecular targets in cancer chemoprevention by curcumin. AAPS J. 2006, 8: E443-449. 10.1208/aapsj080352.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Sharma RA, Gescher AJ, Steward WP: Curcumin: the story so far. Eur J Cancer. 2005, 41: 1955-1968. 10.1016/j.ejca.2005.05.009.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Aggarwal BB, Shishodia S, Takada Y, Banerjee S, Newman RA, Bueso-Ramos CE, Price JE: Curcumin suppresses the paclitaxel-induced nuclear factor-κB pathway in breast cancer cells and inhibits lung metastasis of human breast cancer in nude mice. Clin Cancer Res. 2005, 11: 7490-7498. 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-05-1192.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Bachmeier B, Nerlich AG, Iancu CM, Cilli M, Schleicher E, Vené R, Dell'Eva R, Jochum M, Albini A, Pfeffer U: The chemopreventive polyphenol Curcumin prevents hematogenous breast cancer metastases in immunodeficient mice. Cell Physiol Biochem. 2007, 19: 137-152. 10.1159/000099202.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Gao X, Deeb D, Jiang H, Liu YB, Dulchavsky SA, Gautam SC: Curcumin differentially sensitizes malignant glioma cells to TRAIL/Apo2L-mediated apoptosis through activation of procaspases and release of cytochrome c from mitochondria. J Exp Ther Oncol. 2005, 5: 39-48.Google Scholar
- Frank B, Gupta S: A review of antioxidants and Alzheimer's disease. Ann Clin Psychiatry. 2005, 17: 269-286. 10.1080/10401230500296428.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Ringman JM, Frautschy SA, Cole GM, Masterman DL, Cummings JL: A potential role of the curry spice curcumin in Alzheimer's disease. Curr Alzheimer Res. 2005, 2: 131-136. 10.2174/1567205053585882.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Frautschy SA, Hu W, Kim P, Miller SA, Chu T, Harris-White ME, Cole GM: Phenolic anti-inflammatory antioxidant reversal of Aβ-induced cognitive deficits and neuropathology. Neurobiol Aging. 2001, 22: 993-1005. 10.1016/S0197-4580(01)00300-1.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Garcia-Alloza M, Borrelli LA, Rozkalne A, Hyman BT, Bacskai BJ: Curcumin labels amyloid pathology in vivo, disrupts existing plaques, and partially restores distorted neurites in an Alzheimer mouse model. J Neurochem. 2007, 102: 1095-1104. 10.1111/j.1471-4159.2007.04613.x.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Lim GP, Chu T, Yang F, Beech W, Frautschy SA, Cole GM: The curry spice curcumin reduces oxidative damage and amyloid pathology in an Alzheimer transgenic mouse. J Neurosci. 2001, 21: 8370-8377.Google Scholar
- Adlerz L, Beckman M, Holback S, Tehranian R, Cortés Tor V, Iverfeldt K: Accumulation of the amyloid precursor-like protein APLP2 and reduction of APLP1 in retinoic acid-differentiated human neuroblastoma cells upon curcumin-induced neurite retraction. Brain Res Mol Brain Res. 2003, 119: 62-72. 10.1016/j.molbrainres.2003.08.014.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Park SY, Kim DS: Discovery of natural products from Curcuma longa that protect cells from β-amyloid insult: a drug discovery effort against Alzheimer's disease. J Nat Prod. 2002, 65: 1227-1231. 10.1021/np010039x.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Ono K, Hasegawa K, Naiki H, Yamada M: Curcumin has potent anti-amyloidogenic effects for Alzheimer's β-amyloid fibrils in vitro. J Neurosci Res. 2004, 75: 742-750. 10.1002/jnr.20025.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Yang F, Lim GP, Begum AN, Ubeda OJ, Simmons MR, Ambegaokar SS, Chen PP, Kayed R, Glabe CG, Frautschy SA, Cole GM: Curcumin inhibits formation of amyloid β oligomers and fibrils, binds plaques, and reduces amyloid in vivo. J Biol Chem. 2005, 280: 5892-5901. 10.1074/jbc.M404751200.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Tønnesen HH, Másson M, Loftsson T: Studies of curcumin and curcuminoids. XXVII. Cyclodextrin complexation: solubility, chemical and photochemical stability. Int J Pharm. 2002, 244: 127-135. 10.1016/S0378-5173(02)00323-X.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Wang YJ, Pan MH, Cheng AL, Lin LI, Ho YS, Hsieh CY, Lin JK: Stability of curcumin in buffer solutions and characterization of its degradation products. J Pharm Biomed Anal. 1997, 15: 1867-1876. 10.1016/S0731-7085(96)02024-9.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Bernabé-Pineda M, Ramírez-Silva MT, Romero-Romo M, González-Vergara E, Rojas-Hernández A: Determination of acidity constants of curcumin in aqueous solution and apparent rate constant of its decomposition. Spectrochim Acta A Mol Biomol Spectrosc. 2004, 60: 1091-1097. 10.1016/S1386-1425(03)00342-1.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Marczylo TH, Verschoyle RD, Cooke DN, Morazzoni P, Steward WP, Gescher AJ: Comparison of systemic availability of curcumin with that of curcumin formulated with phosphatidylcholine. Cancer Chemother Pharmacol. 2007, 60: 171-177. 10.1007/s00280-006-0355-x.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Garcea G, Jones DJ, Singh R, Dennison AR, Farmer PB, Sharma RA, Steward WP, Gescher AJ, Berry DP: Detection of curcumin and its metabolites in hepatic tissue and portal blood of patients following oral administration. Br J Cancer. 2004, 90: 1011-1015. 10.1038/sj.bjc.6601623.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Cheng AL, Hsu CH, Lin JK, Hsu MM, Ho YF, Shen TS, Ko JY, Lin JT, Lin BR, Ming-Shiang W, Yu HS, Jee SH, Chen GS, Chen TM, Chen CA, Lai MK, Pu YS, Pan MH, Wang YJ, Tsai CC, Hsieh CY: Phase I clinical trial of curcumin, a chemopreventive agent, in patients with high-risk or pre-malignant lesions. Anticancer Res. 2001, 21: 2895-2900.Google Scholar
- Sharma RA, Euden SA, Platton SL, Cooke DN, Shafayat A, Hewitt HR, Marczylo TH, Morgan B, Hemingway D, Plummer SM, Pirmohamed M, Gescher AJ, Steward WP: Phase I clinical trial of oral curcumin: biomarkers of systemic activity and compliance. Clin Cancer Res. 2004, 10: 6847-6854. 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-04-0744.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Ravindranath V, Chandrasekhara N: Absorption and tissue distribution of curcumin in rats. Toxicology. 1980, 16: 259-265. 10.1016/0300-483X(80)90122-5.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Pan MH, Huang TM, Lin JK: Biotransformation of curcumin through reduction and glucuronidation in mice. Drug Metab Dispos. 1999, 27: 486-494.Google Scholar
- Péret-Almeida L, Cherubino APF, Alves RJ, Dufossé L, Glória MBA: Separation and determination of the physico-chemical characteristics of curcumin, demethoxycurcumin and bisdemthoxycurcumin. Food Res Intern. 2005, 38: 1039-1044. 10.1016/j.foodres.2005.02.021.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Hsu YC, Weng HC, Lin S, Chien YW: Curcuminoids-cellular uptake by human primary colon cancer cells as quantitated by a sensitive HPLC assay and its relation with the inhibition of proliferation and apoptosis. J Agric Food Chem. 2007, 55: 8213-8222. 10.1021/jf070684v.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Hiserodt R, Hartman TG, Ho C-T, Rosen RT: Characterization of powdered turmeric by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. J Chromatogr A. 1996, 740: 51-63. 10.1016/0021-9673(96)00103-3.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Jayaprakasha GK, Jagan Mohan Rao L, Sakariah KK: Improved HPLC method for the determination of curcumin, demethoxycurcumin, and bisdemethoxycurcumin. J Agric Food Chem. 2002, 50: 3668-3672. 10.1021/jf025506a.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Huang MT, Ma W, Lu YP, Chang RL, Fisher C, Manchand PS, Newmark HL, Conney AH: Effects of curcumin, demethoxycurcumin, bisdemethoxycurcumin and tetrahydrocurcumin on 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate-induced tumor promotion. Carcinogenesis. 1995, 16: 2493-2497. 10.1093/carcin/16.10.2493.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Barik A, Priyadarsini KI, Mohan H: Photophysical studies on binding of curcumin to bovine serum albumins. Photochem Photobiol. 2003, 77: 597-603. 10.1562/0031-8655(2003)077<0597:PSOBOC>2.0.CO;2.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Verghese J: Isolation of curcumin from Curcuma longa L. rhizome. Flavour Fragr J. 1993, 8: 315-319. 10.1002/ffj.2730080605.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Paradkar A, Ambike AA, Jadhav BK, Mahadik KR: Characterization of curcumin-PVP solid dispersion obtained by spray-drying. Int J Pharm. 2004, 271: 281-286. 10.1016/j.ijpharm.2003.11.014.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Jee SH, Shen SC, Tseng CR, Chiu HC, Kuo ML: Curcumin induces a p53-dependent apoptosis in human basal cell carcinoma cells. J Invest Dermatol. 1998, 111: 656-661. 10.1046/j.1523-1747.1998.00352.x.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Mukhopadhyay A, Bueso-Ramos C, Chatterjee D, Pantazis P, Aggarwal BB: Curcumin downregulates cell survival mechanisms in human prostate cancer cell lines. Oncogene. 2001, 20: 7597-7609. 10.1038/sj.onc.1204997.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Dhandapani KM, Mahesh VB, Brann DW: Curcumin suppresses growth and chemoresistance of human glioblastoma cells via AP-1 and NF-κB transcription factors. J Neurochem. 2007, 102: 522-538. 10.1111/j.1471-4159.2007.04633.x.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Deeb D, Jiang H, Gao X, Al-Holou S, Danyluk AL, Dulchavsky SA, Gautam SC: Curcumin [1,7-bis(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)-1-6-heptadine-3,5-dione; C21 H20O6] sensitizes human prostate cancer cells to tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand/Apo2L-induced apoptosis by suppressing nuclear factor-κB via inhibition of the prosurvival Akt signaling pathway. J Pharmacol Exp Ther. 2007, 321: 616-625. 10.1124/jpet.106.117721.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Syng-Ai C, Kumari AL, Khar A: Effect of curcumin on normal and tumor cells: role of glutathione and bcl-2. Mol Cancer Ther. 2004, 3: 1101-1108.Google Scholar
- Balasubramanian S, Eckert RL: Curcumin suppresses AP1 transcription factor-dependent differentiation and activates apoptosis in human epidermal keratinocytes. J Biol Chem. 2007, 282: 6707-6715. 10.1074/jbc.M606003200.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Blasius R, Duvoix A, Morceau F, Schnekenburger M, Delhalle S, Henry E, Dicato M, Diederich M: Curcumin stability and its effect on glutathione S-transferase P1-1 mRNA expression in K562 cells. Ann NY Acad Sci. 2004, 1030: 442-448. 10.1196/annals.1329.055.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Sandur SK, Pandey MK, Sung B, Ahn KS, Murakami A, Sethi G, Limtrakul P, Badmaev V, Aggarwal BB: Curcumin, demethoxycurcumin, bisdemethoxycurcumin, tetrahydrocurcumin and turmerones differentially regulate anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative responses through a ROS-independent mechanism. Carcinogenesis. 2007, 28: 1765-1773. 10.1093/carcin/bgm123.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Baum L, Cheung SK, Mok VC, Lam LC, Leung VP, Hui E, Ng CC, Chow M, Ho PC, Lam S, Woo J, Chiu HF, Goggins W, Zee B, Wong A, Mok H, Cheng WK, Fong C, Lee JS, Chan MH, Szeto SS, Lui VW, Tsoh J, Kwok TC, Chan IH, Lam CW: Curcumin effects on blood lipid profile in a 6-month human study. Pharmacol Res. 2007, 56: 509-514. 10.1016/j.phrs.2007.09.013.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Bakken AM: Cryopreserving human peripheral blood progenitor cells. Curr Stem Cell Res Ther. 2006, 1: 47-54. 10.2174/157488806775269179.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
- Windrum P, Morris TCM, Drake MB, Niederwieser D, Ruutu T, on behalf of the EBMT Chronic Leukaemia Working Party Complications Subcommittee: Variation in dimethyl sulfoxide use in stem cell transplantation: a survey of EBMT centres. Bone Marrow Transplant. 2005, 36: 601-603. 10.1038/sj.bmt.1705100.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
This article is published under license to BioMed Central Ltd. This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.

ARGYLE, N.Y. – Police tell NEWS10 a dog was found with duct tape holding his feet together on the side of the road in Argyle Friday morning.
The dog, a husky-type breed, was found around 10:45 a.m. by a Department of Transportation worker on Coach Road.
Town employees immediately freed the animal from tape upon finding it. The dog had wounds and sores in and around the neck area, indicating that at one time it wore a collar that was too small.
Police say the dog was taken to the SPCA in Queensbury, and has been transported to a vet for treatment for a neck wound.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing. Check back to News10.com for updates.

With A Song In My Heart
"Susan Hayward is absolutely sensational" (L.A. Examiner) in this "enchanting" (Citizen-News) musical retelling of the extraordinary life of 1940s songstress Jane Froman. Packed with unforgettable tunes and an incredible cast, this heartwarming story of personal tragedy and triumphant recovery isn't just "vibrant, exciting and enormously entertaining" (The Hollywood Reporter), it's "a soul-stirring experience" (Citizen-News)! Known for a voice with the power to move millions and a heart to match, Jane Froman (Hayward) is one of America's most beloved singers. But when an overseas flight crashes off the coast of Lisbon, Portugal, she barely survives the wreck. Ripped from the spotlight into a series of life-threatening operations, hope seems a distant memory for Froman as she sets out on a journey of recovery that's more than heroic; it's what music is made of!

Heart stem cell trials:
STEM CELL THERAPY PROVIDES
RELIEF FOR TRIAL PATIENTS WITH
UNTREATABLE CHEST PAIN
Patients with severe angina had stem
cells from their blood injected into their
The therapy, carried out by Chicago's
Northwestern University, halved the
number of bouts of angina chest pain.
The study, reported in the journal
Circulation Research in July 2011, was
carried out on 167 patients with
"refraction" angina, which does not
respond to any standard treatment.
They were given high or low dose stem
cell infusions, or a dummy injection.
A year on, patients in the low-dose
group had an average of 6.3 episodes
of pain a week, compared to 11 a week
for those given the placebo jab.
It translates as going from being able
to walk slowly to being able to ride a
The length of time they were able to
tolerate exercise also improved by 139
seconds after six months, compared to
an improvement of 69 seconds for the
The treatment used bone marrow stem
cells called CD34+ cells which circulate
in the blood.
Previous research has suggested
these cells can create new blood
vessels in diseased heart muscle.
The researchers used a growth-
stimulated drug to boost their numbers
before harvesting them.
The cells were then injected into areas
of heart muscle that had been starved
The Chicago team plans to further
develop the technique in more
advanced Phase III trials later this year.
SMALL CEDAR-SINAI TRIAL IS
In March 2012 a small but very exciting
study conducted by the Cedars-Sinai
Heart Institute shows that for the first
time, heart-attack patients who
received an infusion of their own heart-
derived stem cells were able to regrow
healthy new heart muscle.
The CADUCEUS trial, published online
in the journal Lancet, involved 25
heart-attack patients who, one year
after their own stem-cell infusion,
showed a reduction in their heart-
attack scar size from 24 percent of
their heart mass to 12 percent.
This represents a potential paradigm
shift in our understanding of patients
who are post-heart attack. If this is
successful when repeated on a larger
study population, we may be able to
help patients to reverse the damage
caused by a heart attack and
"dissolve" the heart's scarring.
STEM CELL THERAPY SHRINKS
Doctors at the University of Miami are
working on ways to treat heart failure
patients using their own stem cells.
And the results are promising.
A study of eight patients has now been
published. All had their hearts injected
with their own stem cells and all had
positive results. Heart size decreased
15 to 20 percent. Scar tissue
decreased 18 percent. And there was
dramatic improvement in heart function.
This is good news for people with
enlarged heart. As per a study
conducted by researchers of the
University Of Miami Miller School Of
Medicine, stem cell inserted in the
infected area of heart can cure many
Citing the positive results of stem cell
therapy, the team claimed that all
those people who have been
struggling with the effects of enlarged
hearts like frequent hospitalization,
disability and even death can now
access this therapy under medical
For the study, the team used a
corkscrew-shaped catheter to insert
stem cells on eight men of the age of
57 years, who were struggling with the
effect of poor functioning heart.
There are two types of bone marrow
stem cells, mononuclear or
mesenchymal stem cells. The team
claimed that both the stem cells proved
to be great help for the study.
After monitoring the condition for a full
year, the team observed that abnormal
size of the heart was reduced by 15 to
20%. Moreover, the ugly scars
decreased by about 18.8% and
further, a significant improvement in
the functioning of heart was observed.
The team claimed that most of the
patients have reported positive results
from the therapy and no potential side
effects were observed in them.
STEM CELLS FROM BELLY FAT MAY
BE A TREATMENT FOR HEART
Stem cells taken from the belly fat of
10 heart attack patients managed to
improve several measures of heart
function, Dutch researchers report at
the Thoraxcenter, Erasmus University
Medical Center in Rotterdam..
Fat tissue yields many more stem cells
than bone marrow and is much easier
In bone marrow, 40 cubic centimeters
(cc) typically yield about 25,000 stem
cells, which is not nearly enough to
treat people with. To get enough cells
to work with, those stem cells would
have to be cultured, a process that
can take six to eight weeks.
By contrast, 100 cc's of fat tissue yield
millions of stem cells, plenty to work
with. A hundred cc's is about the size
of a coffee cup -- a European coffee
cup, not the mega-size of American
All patients in this double-blind,
placebo-controlled study (11 men and
three women) arrived at the hospital
having suffered a severe heart attack.
All then underwent cardiac
catheterization to assess blood flow,
followed by angioplasty, to restore
Within 24 hours of the heart attack,
doctors performed liposuction to
remove fat tissue, isolated 20 million
stem cells and gave them back to the
patients through a catheter. The
infusion took no more than 10 minutes.
Ten patients received stem cells and
four received a placebo infusion.
Six months after the procedure, stem
cell patients had better blood flow
(more than triple the rate compared to
patients getting a placebo), a 5.7
percent increase in heart pumping
ability, and a 50 percent reduction in
scarring of heart muscle (from 31.6
percent right after the heart attack to
15.4 percent). Placebo patients saw no
decrease in scarring.
The Dutch research team is now
embarking on a trial that will ultimately
enroll 375 heart attack patients at 35
medical centers in the European Union
to further test stem cell infusions.
TCA CELLULAR THERAPY INFUSES
ADULT STEM CELLS AFTER BYPASS
Heart Bypass Patients Improve
Significantly with Adult Stem Cell
Infusion Reports TCA Cellular Therapy.
Utilizing their proprietary combination
adult stem cell product derived from a
patient's own bone marrow, the
research team infused a combination
of cells directly into heart attack
patients' hearts during bypass surgery.
During the trial, seven patients
received the adult stem cell infusion,
and three control patients did not.
While other trials used a single cell
type, this is the first research in the
world using a combination of two
different types of stem cells during
"The conclusion of the study,"
explained TCA Cellular Therapy
president Gabriel Lasala, MD, "is that
the treatment is safe and better
improves heart function in patients who
received adult stem cells during
surgery, as opposed to those with only
During the follow up period, the first
two months of improvement are the
results of the surgery. After month 2
the improvements are attributed to the
adult stem cells injected. These
changes were observed in the
increase in blood flow as well as the
pumping action of the heart. The
theory that the combination cell
product may promote the development
of mature and stable capillaries will be
further examined in the Phase II clinical
We should take note that TCA
multiplies (cultures) stem cells before
injecting them back into a patient. This
step is a crucial one. There are many
clinics all over the world that will
withdraw and isolate stem cells. Yet, if
these cells aren’t in a high
concentration, it seems unlikely that
you’ll get an effective dose. TCA
spends 3 weeks or so culturing a
patient’s cells until they have 30-40
million mesenchymal (multipotent)
adult stem cells. This work is
performed at their in-house GMP lab
and stored at Life Source Cryobanks
(which TCA has a controlling interest
in). Again, these are signs that TCA
knows what it’s doing.
BIOHEART REPAIRS DAMAGED
HEARTS USING STEM CELLS
How do you mend a broken heart?
Many scientists say stem cells are the
answer, but they’re not sure how best
to use them and make money doing it.
Clinical trials by the University of Miami
and Sunrise-based Bioheart are
among a wave of studies searching for
ways to repair damaged hearts using
stem cells. Numerous animal tests
have shown stem cells can transform
into new heart muscle to repair tears
after a heart attack or partially replace
scar tissue from old cardiac episodes.
UM is running four clinical trials that
inject stem cells from bone marrow into
damaged hearts. One uses a unique
catheter designed by BioCardia
instead of major surgery. Another
compares stem cells taken from
patients to donor stem cells.
As it works on finishing trials during
2010, UM is already looking at the next
source of stem cells. It is working on a
method to extract stem cells from a
patient’s heart muscle, multiply them
and insert them back into the heart.
Hare said these stem cells might
convert into heart muscle more easily.
Bioheart has several promising trials
ongoing with stem cells.
Early-stage data from the company’s
clinical trial for MyoCell – a process
where muscle stem cells are taken
from patients’ legs and implanted in
damaged hearts – showed that
patients improved their walking
After patient biopsies were shipped to
Bioheart laboratories, the ASMs
(autologous skeletal myoblasts) were
isolated, purified, expanded and
returned to the physician for injection
back into the patient. During a six-
month observation period, the patients
who were treated with their own ASMs
were found to have increased their
walking distance by 91 meters during a
six-minute period of exercise, whereas
those patients in the control group who
were treated only with a placebo were
found to have decreased their walking
distance by 4 meters.This may suggest
that patients with heart failure could
return to a more active lifestyle after
receiving Bioheart's treatment.
Bioheart Chairman and CEO Karl E.
Groth said using TGI 1200, which the
company licensed from Tissue
Genesis, is one of the fastest
ways to treat a patient with their own
stem cells. The product is already
approved in the European Union,
where medical devices must
demonstrate safety, but not
effectiveness in treatment.
Bioheart's TGI 1200 Cell Isolation
system is a compact, fully automated
cell isolation system for the rapid
processing of patient-derived adipose
(fat) tissue to separate, isolate and
produce large yields of endothelial
progenitor cell, mesenchymal stem
cells and other regenerative stem
cells. The fat tissue is extracted from
the patient using a minor liposuction-
like procedure and processed using
the TGI 1200. The TGI 1200 System
produces the regenerative stem cells
in about one hour.
Unlike MyoCell, which is intended to be
used to treat severe heart damage
months or even years after a heart
attack, Bioheart’s Acute Cell Therapy
is being designed to be used for the
treatment of muscle and blood vessel
damage immediately following a heart
attack. They hope to demonstrate that
the injection of endothelial progenitor,
mesenchymal stem cells and other
regenerative stem cells derived from
fat tissue by the TGI 1200 Cell
Isolation System is a safe and effective
means of limiting or reversing some of
the effects of a heart attack and
preventing or slowing a patient's
progression heart failure.
Bioheart is currently marketing these
systems outside the US in countries
recognizing the CE Mark approval.
SELECTED CLINICAL TRIALS
Sponsor, Cell type, Phase, Expected
Bioheart, Munich, Germany Skeletal
myoblasts II/III 390
Osiris Therapeutics, Columbia,
Maryland Mesenchymal stem cells II
Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los
Cells from heart biopsies I 30
Ministry of Health, Brazil Bone-marrow
cells III 300
Johann Wolfgang Goethe University
Hospitals, Frankfurt, Germany
Bone-marrow cells III 200
Barts and The London NHS Trust, UK
Bone-marrow cells II/III 165
Seoul National University Hospital,
Korea Circulating blood cells II/III 116
Bioheart has a competitor in San
Diego-based Cytori. Its Celation
System also converts fat from
liposuction into stem cells. The
company currently has two clinical
trials with stem cells in heart patients.
New York-based Angioblast looks to
bypass intellectual property issues by
developing its stem cell-based cardiac
treatment like a drug. It isolated and
purified what it considers the ideal
donor stem cell and has mass-
produced it for injection into damaged
Angioblast VP of Operations Michael
Schuster said early results from two
clinical trials are encouraging. He
believes it will prove more
consistent than patient stem cells,
which could be weak when derived
from sick or elderly patients.
Scientists at Bristol University (UK)
used blood vessels left over from
bypass operations to produce the stem
Surgeons during bypass surgery
always cut out a longer piece of vein
than they need, so there is always a

TORONTO, February 9, 2010 Royal Bank of Canada (RY on TSX and NYSE) will host its Annual Meeting of Common Shareholders and release its first quarter results for 2010 on March 3, 2010. Information related to RBC's financial results will be available at www.rbc.com/investorrelations.
RBC's Annual Meeting will be held in Toronto and is scheduled to begin at 9:00 a.m. EST. Interested parties can listen at www.rbc.com/investorrelations/ir_events_presentations.html.
First quarter results are expected to be released at approximately 6:00 a.m. (EST). The conference call is scheduled for 7:30 a.m. (EST) and will feature a presentation by RBC executives followed by a question and answer period with analysts. Interested parties can access the call on a listen-only basis at: www.rbc.com/investorrelations/ir_events_presentations.html or by telephone (416-695-7806 or 1-888-789-9572, passcode 4503676#). Please call between 7:20 a.m. and 7:25 a.m. (EST).
Management's comments on results will be posted on RBC's website shortly following the call. A recording will be available by 5:00 p.m. (EST) on March 3, 2010 until May 27, 2010 at www.rbc.com/investorrelations/ir_quarterly.html or by telephone (416-695-5800 or 1-800-408-3053, passcode 4041431#).
- 30 -
James Colburn, Investor Relations, (416) 955-7808, email@example.com
Media Relations, (416) 974-5506, toll-free 1-888-880-2173, firstname.lastname@example.org

Hi, Xine works OK, but whenever I right click on the XineUI, it crashes
with this message:
This is xine (X11 gui) - a free video player v0.99.3.
(c) 2000-2004 The xine Team.
*** glibc detected *** free(): invalid pointer: 0x08126c89 ***
What does this mean and how do I fix it?
Get latest updates about Open Source Projects, Conferences and News.

B++ is the compiler behind B++ Builder. It translates B++ code to C++ compatible code. B++ supports two compilers - Borland C++ 5.5 and Mingw GCC 4.4.1. B++ is very similar to the Visual BASIC language.
- The language has many similarities with Visual Basic.
- Classes are supported
- Has libraries for Windows GUI development
- B++ creates GUI, console or DLL applications without runtime modules
- Third party C++ libraries and Win32 API may be used
- The compiler generates and compiles C++ code.
- A C++ compilers is included (Borland C++, Mingw GCC 4.4.1)
Be the first to post a review of B++ Compiler!

"Helping Your Student Choose a College" FREE Webinar for Parents
September 19, 2012
Registration is now open for the next Cedarville University parent resource webinar: "Helping Your Student Choose a College."
Presented live at 7 p.m. EDT on Monday, September 24, this webinar will help you navigate the college selection process and support your son or daughter in this life-changing decision. Learn how faith, academics, and finances inform the college decision. Where do you start? What questions should you ask? How do you make the most of the process?
"Helping Your Student Choose a College" will be led by Roscoe Smith, associate vice president for university admissions, and Amy Holderby, director of admission. With more than 35 years of combined experience, Roscoe and Amy will share with you what they share with families every day about the college search process. You'll be able to ask them questions throughout the presentation and gain insights to apply to your specific situation ... all from the comfort of your own home and personal computer.
» REGISTER NOW: Monday, September 24 at 7 p.m. EDT
After registering you will receive a confirmation e-mail containing information about joining the webinar online.
Brought to you by Parent Prep, all 2012-13 webinars provide college planning and financial aid resources for parents and are offered free of charge.

"Great power for your money. Lots of after market goodies, and fun to modify. Hard to beat the 40 year tradition of the Camaro. Big following of folks for a car that's been around for decades. This is not just a trendy bandwagon like the recent "tuners". This car has history, and hard to beat pure V8 power and roar."
"I have been a foaming at the mouth mustang fan owning over 10 in the past few years,but I am impressed with the camaro.It accelerates,handles and looks great.It is a good alternative to the mustang and japanese sports cars"
"i got a camaro as my first car it waws between a ford mustang a nissan 300zx and a honda accord the camaro. the camaro is a rock i bought my 94 3.4 v6 with 65000 miles forr1800 bucks. gm has a coustumer for life!!!!!!! i would recomend a camaro to anyone"
"My Z28 Camaro is a fabulous car to drive. A
lot of owners can verify this. My 97 is a 30yr
anniversary white/orange. My only complaint
is, the Ca. Highway Patrol notices it too !!!
The controls, handling and performance
are fabulous for a 20K dollar vehicle. With a
few modifications, the Z28 can be a real
screamer. Only a few complaints,the seats are the weak spot in the camaro interior.
and the passenger floor board due to the catalytic converter bump.
For the money. The camaro is and always will be the the best bang for the buck."

JG's 4/2 Raw Insanity: Hardys Win Tag Gold, Lashley Strips Lillian, and Bald Vince Has a Camera Up His Nose
By James Guttman
Monday Morning...NBC's Today Show...
Matt Lauer: Welcome back everyone to Today. It's 9:00 on the East Coast and we're about to be joined by two men that dropkicked and body slammed their way into your homes last night. Fresh from WrestleMania, welcome Donald Trump and, now bald, Vince McMahon.
Vince McMahon: Yes. Thank you for having us.
Matt Lauer: So, Mr. McMahon, tell us a bit about what it's like to be bald.
Vince: I'd think you'd already know about that, Matt.
Matt: Up yours.
Donald: Oh no, Vince. You offended him, Vince. Vince, why did you do that?
Vince: I don't care who I piss off, Donald. You know me. I'm hawwwwd. In fact, rather than tellin' Mr. Katie Couric over here about being bald, I figured we'd sing about it. You down?
Donald: Like a clown about to drown on a Merry-Go-Round, son.
Vince: Aight. Dunn, give me some snare in my headphones. I'm ready to turn this mutha out. Let's do it.
Sung to the Tune of "Hi, My Name Is" by EminemFollow along with the original song and lyrics by clicking here (Not Safe For Work)
Vince: Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?)
My name is.. [scratches] Bald Vinnie
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?)
My name is.. [scratches] Bald Vinnie
Ahem.. excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the crowd… for one second?
Trump: Hi kids! Do you like Bobby? (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me hug and kiss him in a Detroit hotel lobby? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Attack Rosie and tell the world how disgusting she is? (Huh?)
My hair looks great, but I'm trying to get my head straight
Tune into the Apprentice to see which wannabe I terminate (Ummmm..)
Vince: And Stone Cold said, "Vince McMahon you a baldhead!"
"Eh Eh!" He laughed at me and then Donald Trump got assualted
Well since age forty, I've felt overly horny
But bald is beautiful so now the ladies will adore me
Got pissed off and ripped Tara Connor's crown off
And smacked her so hard she thought she was Jim Ross
I confiscated RVD's grass and knocked him on his ass
Then pissed off Batista by putting Cena on last
You win, John! (Vinnie, wait a minute, the crowd's mad, dog!)
I don't give a poop, God sent me to piss the marks off!
Vince: Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?)
My name is.. [scratches] Bald Vinnie
Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?)
My name is.. [scratches] Bald Vinnie
Vince: Bob Costas tried to embarrass me in '01
I made him my Belzer and in the end, I won
I got in his face and was irate, told him it was too late
And treated him like I was Vader in Kuwait(Owwwwwwww!)
Trump: Walked in the arena, had my hair done up
Did a skit with the Boogeyman, then ate some worms and threw up
Trump: I'm all ready to leave, with my trench coat and pink tie
Great Khali: I'ah pin anyfeeng tha' walks (YAH!)
JG's 23 Things I Realized During WrestleMania 23
Not a member?
or go to
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Grandsonny of Them All, Monday Night Raw. We're following up RassleMania with a show that's guaranteed to knock your socks on your butt. So saddle up and get ready for Jerry "The King" Lawler, Jim Ross, and all the fallout from last night's super card. We're not gonna make you wait any longer. Let's bring out the man you came to see…John Cena! (Vince McMahon Note: Wait. Why are you booing? You came to see him. Didn't you? Didn't you?! You wanna get pinched? Huh?! Do ya?! Yeah. That's what I thought. Now go put on your Chain Gang shirt, camouflage shorts, and shut the hell up.)
John Cena's in the house and, yes, The Champ is still here. And also, yes, he's still not the most popular belle at the ball. The Marine seems surprised by his mostly-negative reaction, but continues on anyway. He stands still for a moment and absorbs the chorus of boos. He answers by raising his title in the air, which gets a few cheers mixed in with all the hatred. Unfortunately for him, I think they were cheering for the title belt. People like the title belt. They just don't like him, it seems.
"The Champ - is - here."
Know who else is here? Shawn Michaels. Yup. DeGeneration X's own HBK is here and he's wearing his favorite accessory - an oversized forehead bandage. Kid Heartbreak strolls to the ring and, with a microphone in his hand, prepares to address his tag partner.
"The Champ is here. And so he is. Oh, this is like reliving a bad dream. Well, Champ, this is usually the time, the day after WrestleMania, where I come out here, talk about the awesome match we had, and how once again the Heartbreak Kid Shawn Michaels - the Showstopper- and his opponent made history. You see, John, about our match…Our match it wasn't about screw jobs. It wasn't about mind games. It wasn't about massive egos, 'brother.' It wasn't about who got cheered and who got booed. And it sure as heck wasn't about a handshake to show good sportsmanship. No. It was a match about winning and losing. You won and I lost…and I don't like it. I am sick and tired of having to come out here, look guys in the eye, extend my hand to them, and lie to myself and tell them they were the better man. That ends tonight! Not again. John Cena, you may have won last night, but you are not the better man."
Bam. Take that, Rappy. Not a bad promo by Shawn. The crowd didn't go wild or anything. It wasn't crazy booking like John got, but nothing overly welcoming. They didn't pop for the Hulk Hogan "brother" dig either. I know that it gets over with some people, but considering that fans continue to cheer Hogan out of the building every time he shows up, I'd say that the live crowd might not be in agreement with Michaels on this one. After tearing down his tag partner, The Boy Toy awaits a response. Cena pauses and lets him know that while he can accept some anger, he can't accept having his manhood questioned. Tell you what, Ben Franklin, the Doctor of Thuganomics will take you on any place and anywhere. This sounds good to the DX Member. Any place? How about here? Any time? How about now? Put up your hands. It's knuckle junction time.
This brings out "Mr. Buzzkill" John Coachman. Coach exists for two reasons.
Oh, and that match begins….ummmmmmmmmmmm, now.
1. Shaw Michaels and John Cena won a Tag Team Title Battle Royal over Dyskstra/Masters, Cryme Tyme, Eugene/Duggan, The Highlanders, Deuce/Domino, Striker/Burke, RVD/Sabu, and Finlay/Booker.
This was incredibly pointless. Unless WWE is planning to recombine the rosters, then this was just a throwaway. Making matters worse is that Booker T and Fit Finlay were in the Money in the Bank match last night. I get that they needed Cena, Michaels, and The Hardys to wrestle tonight, but they could have kept Book and Finlay off the show. So much for the "grueling" ladder match. Finny and King Bookah seemed A-OK to me. In fact, everyone seems A-OK. I know that it's not the early 80s and we can't check guys into pretend hospital rooms after every match, but this is just insane. It was a waste on so many levels. First, there were nonsensical teams. It made no sense to put Eugene with Jim Duggan without an explanation. Also, no one addressed why the ECW New Breed or ECW Originals wanted the Raw tag titles. Add to this that there were so many stars that shouldn't have debuted on WWE's flagship show to such little fanfare. A guy like Elijah Burke or even the Deuce/Domino team should be kept away from the stars of the other brands so that it means more when they eventually square off. To just throw them into a meaningless group battle royal didn't make much sense.
1. Kenny Dykstra (and Chris Masters, who's Kenny's tag partner for some reason) by Rob Van Dam.
Winners: Shawn Michaels and John Cena.
I only saw 8 teams. Mallory said that Miz and Nitro were in it too during her real time recap, but they might have been invisible. Either that or I've just learned to subconsciously block Mike Mizanin from my mind. Either way, good news. The tag team battle royal is over. No more weirdly paired duos. No more wasted Raw debuts. It's all over.
With that, John Coachman comes out and declares another ten team battle royal. I kid you not. Unless the Beverly Brothers are in the second one, I'm not into this thing at all.
2. The Hardy Boys won the World Tag Team Titles in a Battle Royal win over Cena/Michaels, Kendrick/London, Cade/Murdoch, Miz/Nitro, Sandman/Dreamer, Cor Von/Thorn, Helms/Chavo, Val/Vis and Taylor/Regal
This is completely whacked. Kendrick and London are in this one. Also, Miz and Nitro are here. I guess I didn't block him out. But getting back to Paul and Brian, how ridiculous is it to have the Smackdown tag champions in a battle royal for the Raw tag titles and not make a huge deal out of it? They were just like any old tag team. Also, wasn't Val Venis Viscera's partner two partners ago? Wasn't he just with Charlie Haas? Charlie goes back to Shelton Benjamin and Vis comes back to Val? Poor Venis. Another throwaway Raw debut here too as Marcus Cor Von made his first appearance and no one seemed to notice. In a funny moment, Lawler called William Regal "Steve Regal." J.R. quickly shot back, "That's William Regal to you." In an ironic moment, Ross says that Tommy Dreamer told him that he waited "17 years to be in WrestleMania." As soon as he said it, Trevor Murdoch tossed Tommy out of the ring with a thud. The highlight of the match was when HBK turned to Cena and gave him the two-fingers-to-the-eyes "I'm keeping' an eye on you" gesture. As soon as he did, John turned around and Shawn tossed him out, ensuring that his tag title reign would be over. The Doctor of Thuganomics protested, but the grinning Boy Toy just walked away and said that he had only one goal - the WWE Title. Good spot. Can't understand why they couldn’t just do that during the first battle royal. This one had a bit of a false finish. It looked like they were trying to set up a spot where the Hardys eliminated both Cade and Murdoch at the same time. It didn't look like it was going well and Trevor seemed to abandon it when Lance fell on the apron. He climbed the turnbuckle and Jeffery ran over and kicked Cade from the apron to the floor. The crowd realized that this meant the Hardys had won. They cheered, but Matt started screaming and it all continued. The Charismatic Enigma ran across the ring and dropkicked Larry The Heat Guy from the top rope to the floor. Now the bell rang…even though the match had really ended a few seconds earlier. Meh. No matter. In the end, Matt and Jeff Hardy became the new tag team champions. Jeff didn't have to hurl himself off of a building in order to win them either, which is a nice change of pace.
1. Val Venis (and Viscera) by everyone
Winners: New Tag Team champions The Hardy Boys
The crowd gave the new tag champions a nice response and the two whacky North Carolina kids with their carpenters pants hold the tag straps high for all to see.
Jim Ross seems to be losing his voice at a rapid rate. He sends out the obligatory "thank you" to all the fans of WrestleMania. Jerry Lawler then jumps in and thanks the people who made the WrestleMania theme song - Saliva. He's on his best behavior and doesn't talk about the sick things one could do with saliva.
In the crowd - Timbaland. I used to have a pair of his boots.
Backstage, Shawn Michaels is soaking wet. (JG Note: Triple H must have convinced him to do that shower-with-your-clothes-on-and-then-do-a-promo thing.) He's standing by with Todd Grisham and has all the answers he might need. He tossed Cena out of that ring for one reason. He didn't want to muddy the waters with tag team nonsense. HBK is here for one reason - the WWE Title. Guess what, Shawn? Randy Orton's here too for one reason - to interrupt you. Shut your face, Rockerboy. You had your chance and you blew it. Now John's giving you a rematch. Know why? Cause he can pin you. He won't give one to Randy, though. Again - know why? Because he can't beat Orton. So chew on that. Michaels shoots back that the Legend Killer isn't a better man than him. Mr. RKO tells him, "We'll just have to wait and see. Now won't we?" Yes. Yes we will, Randy.
Jim Ross is falling apart. His voice is so gravely that he sounds like he's doing a Jay Lethal impression. Lawler is there to catch his partner when he falls, though. The King sends us to a WrestleMania 23 video package. It's just like WrestleMania only shorter.
We go to the Leather Couch Room, where Vince McMahon is taking the weird camera angle thing to another level. After last night's baby-cam, we now get the Vince McCam. That's right. A camera angle from P.O.V. of Vinnie Mac, complete with head shaking. The Mac Cam follows Coachman down the hallway and stops to chat with some people.
…straight into Cryme Tyme, who have had more TV time in the last two days than they've had in the last two months, and Eugene. Muta McAllister can't seem to stop laughing when the McCam approaches. The bald boss walks on…
…into Ron Simmons. He stops him from saying the catchphrase twice, but finally the Acolyte can hold it in no longer.
I love Ron Simmons. I love him for one simple reason. If anyone else in the world had a gimmick where they said the same thing each time they were on screen and nothing else, I'd have been sick of it in three weeks. I'm still into "Damn" though.
As Vinnie Mac walks on, we see a shot of Viscera and Val Venis laughing at him. The owner grumbles at the Coach and promises to take his anger out on the audience. We go from his nose to ringside…Mr. McMahon is next!
Commercial Break. Snoop Dogg watches Raw. Of course he does. He smokes massive amounts of pot. He could probably do Spongebob commercials too.
Lillian Garcia announces Vince McMahon and the No Chance In Hell Anthem rings out. Sporting a fedora over his bald head, Mr. McMahon struts his way up the ramp. The chairman takes the microphone from Lil and addresses the audience.
"I expect most of you people think I'm going to come out here and eat a big slice of humble pie! I suppose all you people like the fact that I'm a bald billionaire! You find humor in the misfortunes of others. Let me just say this. April 1, 2007 will go down in the history books as a day - a day of infamy. A day in which a tragedy of justice was perpetuated against me. And the perpetrator of that injustice was a beer-swilling, loudmouth ,soon to be action movie star, guest referee Stone Cold Steve Austin! Had it not been for Austin, Donald Trump, as we speak, would have no hair!"
You suck, Bobby. It was all Steve, Sucko. Not you. Also, shouldn't Vince be mad at Umaga? Didn't he lose? Oh, and while I'm picking things apart, when did "soon-to-be action movie star" become an insult? (JG Note: It's like saying, "I'm gonna kick your stupid, ugly, no-good, wonderfully groomed, ass!")
The fans "What" it up and tell the boss that he sucks. Mac pushes on. In fact - get this - There's no more WrestleMania 23. Yeah. Vinnie Mac owns the record books. He's wiping Mania out of it! He even makes Lillian Garcia repeat after him that winner of the Billionaire Battle is "Vincent Kennedy McMahon."
Once that piece of business is out of the way, VKM addresses another. Bobby Lashley, you can't lose your hair. You have none. You can lose your ECW Title, though. Yeah. How about if you lose it tonight? Sound good? Right here…against Umaga! Booyah, Bobbo.
The fans respond to the announcement that their new hero, Bobby Lashley, will defend his title by chanting, "We Want Austin." Doubt that was the plan here. McMahon says that he doesn't want to see Steve here. Vince knows why you're all here tonight! You want to
Yo. I ain't going out there. They're chanting "We Want Austin."
No, Bobby. They're chanting "Boo-urns."
What the hell is Boo-urns?
No. I never saw that Simpsons.
Oh. OK. Anyway, I was just trying to lighten to mood. To be blunt, we don't care if they're chanting "We're Gonna Kill Bobby," get your ass out there.
Lashley is in the house and he's got his ECW title around his waist. The fans don't greet him with open arms, but that doesn't matter. Bobby finds his way into their hearts. How? Well, the best way to a fan's heart is through Vince McMahon's head.
Bob pulls the surgery hat from the chairman's noggin and reveals his teeny, tiny, bald head. Jerry Lawler points out that Vinnie has a point on his head and, when you look at it, he kinda does. McMahon went into a rage over his exposed dome. He runs around the ringside area and uses everything from J.R.'s hat to Lillian's skirt to hide his baldness. Lashley chases him around and takes each covering off. In the case of Lil, he actually tears the skirt right off of her. I've never heard Lawler laugh so hard at anything. Embarrassed, the Bald
Commercial Break. Hillary Swank stars in "The Reaping." I still haven't forgiven her for The Next Karate Kid.
3. Carlito and Ric Flair defeated the World's Greatest Tag Team when Flair forced Haas to submit
Oh goodie. More tag teams. Is this some record? Officially, we've had 21 on the show. This match also saw the real descent of J.R.'s voice. It sounded more and more strained as the night went on. Jerry Lawler mentions that Carlito's dad is Carlos Colon, which surprised me. The story with Carly is that he had no passion until Ric showed up and became his Mr. Myagi. Once Afro Joe learned to wax on and wax off with the Dirtiest Player in the Game, it was a whole new world for him. The crowd was pretty quiet for most of this one, but when the Nature Boy made Charlie Haas, the first guest on JG's Radio Free Insanity, (show archived on ClubWWI.com ) tap to the Figure Four, they cheered pretty loudly. Whooo! Yeah. Whoooo is cool.
Recap of the WWE Hall of Fame. I really enjoyed the show this year actually. I watched the clips on WWE.com and the show on USA Network. The speeches were all great and they really did a classy job with the entire event.
Up Next: Melina Photo Op. Yeah. This show has been pretty lame so far. Doesn't look like it's getting much better either.
Commercial Break. "Hot Fuzz" is a film about a great cop with a bumbling partner. Or, as Shawn Michaels calls it, "The Rockers."
Todd Grisham is at ringside with Timbaland. Tim isn't here to be Timbaland here tonight. He's here as a fan. He then rambles on insanely and says:
"I came here to see the Nature Boy because I am Ricky Bobby. Ha ha ha ha. I just came here to have fun and see the main event. How many…are you all wrestling fans like me? I mean, I don't just do music. I do wrestle too. I told him I was gonna slam him later on tonight. In the ring. What you gotta say?"
I swear. If the show wasn't an hour and a half old, presumably forcing Timbaland to stay in the building, I'd swear he was stoned. This was nuts. Poor Todd had to make heads and tales out of all this and responded by hyping the new album, Shock Value, and the WWE influence in the video for the first single.
Here is what Todd said: "Well, I understand have a new album coming out tomorrow called Shock Value. It's huge. It's big. And also, you have your latest single coming out. It's called Throw It On Me and you have a huge WWE influence on this video, correct?"
Here is what Todd wanted to say: "What the f**k are you talking about? You're gonna slam me in the ring? Who the hell told you to say that? Also, why the f**k would you ask an arena full of wrestling fans if they're wrestling fans? Holy God, you're a dipstick! You're here to talk about this album and the video. How much time you think we have here, you bastard?!"
Luckily Evil Grish stays inside and Happy Grish does the interview. He asks Timmy who will be the Diva to appear in his video. He hasn't decided yet, but he's thinking Ashley. Yeah. Nudie Magazine Girl is the frontrunner. Grisham does one more hard sell and tells fans of all music to pick up the album. Timber says it's great music "just like great wrestling." Todd repeats back what he said, only accidentally says "Lesling." (JG Note: The announcers must have been trained pretty hard to not say the "w" word.) From there, we go to Melina and her Photo Op…on TV. I don’t get this at all.
The Women's Champion is in the house and she has her paparazzi by her side. Melina stands in the ring and takes some shots before taking a microphone. She tells Timbalund that she's looking forward to starring in his new music video because if it's starring her, then it's going to be awesome. While Mel hasn't been in Playboy, she's the Women's champion. Lina decides to take a few more photos from the Paparazzi before being attacked by…
Yeah. Guess that Ashley as a wrestler game ended pretty quick, huh? Mickie goes to town on the Women's Champion and leaves her laying on the mat after a DDT.
Still to come: Donald's friend vs. 1 ½ Minute Warning.
Commercial Break. Mick Foley does an ad for the Make a Wish Foundation. He says that next week on Raw, a special wish will be granted. I'm guessing that means they're going to let Val Venis win a match.
4. Great Khali squashed Super Crazy after the Tree Slam
Yeah. Come on. What were you expecting to read here? Super Crazy hit a power bomb. Yeah. He hit a power…no he didn't. Come on. He didn't do anything but get beat up and like it.
Vince McMahon is wearing a backwards cap now and he's going buck in the Leather Couch Room. Greasy Armando Estrada tried to calm the boss down, but has the opposite effect. VKM pulls a cigar from the manager's pocket and snaps it in two. You want to know where things are going tonight? You're about to find out. Tonight, Lalo, you will team with Umaga against Lashley in a handicap match! Yeah. Great. Just to make sure Estrada knows he's for real, the chairman slams him into the wall for good measure.
Commercial Break. So, uh, are those weird Skittles commercials supposed to make me want to eat Skittles or think I'm tripping.
Maria is in the Event Center with WWE Tag Team Champions The Hardy Boys. Jeff says that he and his brother are six time tag team champions. Matt replies that he's very happy. While this wasn't the best promo of all time, it was better than what these guys have done in the past.
Back at the announce table, we join Jim Ross, who's voice is so far gone that he sounds like Michael Hayes gargling with hydrochloric acid at this point, and Jerry Lawler. The King and The Cowboy are stoked over Stone Cold Steve Austin's new film - The Condemned.
The Condemned Video Package: Star of the Marine, John Cena, applauds the film. Not sure how much of an endorsement that is. Triple H is sure that the Steve line, "Game on," was meant for him. Man, I can't wait for this guy to return. Things are too happy around here.
There you go, Mr. Copeland. Your lasic eye surgery is done. How do you feel?
On this day, I see clearly.
Great. The bill is $2000. Should I send it to your home?
You think you know me.
I do know you. I just did surgery on you. The fee is $2000.
Edge is here and he's wearing his army surplus store jacket. The R Rated Superstar reminds us of his Money in the Bank woes last night. He suffered a terrible fate at the hands of Jeff Hardy's weird highspot. If not for that, Adam Copeland would be your MITB holder. Alas, he's not. Now let's see if Mr. Lita has this whole thing straight. Shawn Michaels was all up in here earlier demanding a title shot? Not only that, but he got it? What the frig? The Edgecutioner don't play that. Speaking of playing, Ed's former tag partner, Randy Orton, thinks he has it all figured out. He thinks he can stand in the way of Adam in his quest to be Champ again? Nah ah. You see, while all these other punk-ass punk asses use cutesy little names like "Legend Killer, Showstopper," and all the rest, Copelandsays he has but one moniker…"The Best."
…well, that and "R Rated Superstar," but that doesn't exactly jive with the point of the promo, so we'll forget about that.
With that, the See Clearly song plays over the sound system and "The Best" gives us all an evil look.
Up next: Jamala vs. Lindsay
Commercial Break. Between Skittles and Starburst ads, I feel like I'm completely out of touch with the candy audience.
Next week: Mick Foley grants a wish to someone. Then, Shawn Michaels faces off against Randy Orton.
5. ECW Champion Bobby Lashley defeated Umaga and Armando Alejandro Estrada when he pinned Estrada
Jim Ross was done for this match, leaving Jerry Lawler to do Joey Styles duty. All on his lonesome, the King called each move and did a pretty good job in the process. You have to respect Jerry considering that he was forced to call a match that wasn't exactly…uh, good. I mean, it wasn't abnormally terrible. It was just Lashley vs. Umaga and Estrada. The worst part of the whole thing was that when Bob did finally come back and land offense, the crowd didn't cheer at all. It wasn't X-Pac/John Cena booing or anything like that. In fact, had it been that, it would have been better. At least it would have been loud. Instead it was that moderate murmur with scattered boos thing. The match suffered for it and you honestly felt that even if Lash was to suddenly turn into the reincarnation of Lou Thesz, no one would pop. Things moved slowly and the theme was that Bobby kept kicking out of consistent pin attempts. Unfortunately, with such a bored (and growing more hostile as the match went on) crowd, the dramatic parts of it all were gone. The only time the fans seemed to care was towards the end when the Extremist started to make his final comeback. He pounded Estrada and knocked Maga from the ring. With his Mania opponent out of commission, Big Bob hit Armando with his power slam and scored the 1,2,3. The ECW Title stays put. The fans aren't overly thrilled either way.
Wow. I don't think WWE should be worrying their pants off about Lashley's spot just yet, but…uh, that wasn't a good sign. I mean, they already have one Cena. How many projects do you need to have at once? Why not just push someone that's already getting cheered? No muss. No fuss.
Mussy Fussy Bobby poses up on the ramp as Jerry Lawler closes the show out for his mute broadcast partner. We then fade to black.
All in all…Uh. Blah.
This was a bad Raw to follow WrestleMania with. There was nothing special about it and, if anything, seemed like a letdown following everything we saw last night.
Vince McMahon's bald head was the only real thing that made this a must-see show. It was something fans saw last night and again on WWE.com. Vince even acknowledged that during his speech. They had Lashley as the man responsible for showing Mac's bald head to the world. Hell, they even had him strip Lillian Garcia's clothes off. After all that, people still weren't cheering him. It's just not good.
I get that the live crowds during Mania time tend to skew more towards the cynical. I understand that. The case can be made that they boo most of the wrestlers. The trick is to pay attention to the ones they boo hard. Those people are John Cena and Bobby Lashley. Unfortunately, both guys are World Champion babyfaces. It's pretty weird and a growing problem with their top good guys. When you're struggling to get them over as heroes, maybe a switch could work. Maybe a switch against each other. Have one guy turn and the other guy face him. Force the fans to choose. Hopefully, they boo the bad one and all is right in the world. If not - whatever. At least they'll be booing a baby face and a bad guy.
The tag team thing was so insanely stupid that it blows my mind. I complained about it during the show, but it almost goes without saying that the thing was counterproductive in a ton of ways.
You had partnerships that made no sense. - MNM (Melina, Nitro, and Miz? Ugh), Eugene and Duggan (Despite turning on Duggan months ago), and Chavo/Helms.
You had people/teams appearing on Raw for the first, or one of the first times, but not getting any real exposure because they're surrounded by 18 other guys. - Deuce and Domino, Marcus Cor Von, Elijah Burke, Kevin Thorne, Sandman, and others.
You had ECW's New Breed going for the Raw Tag Titles. Twice.
You had the Smackdown Tag Champ going for the Raw Tag Titles…and no one seemed to care.
Also, the spot that it all was built around - where Michaels turns on Cena - could have been done in Battle Royal #1.
Hell, don't even have a Battle Royal. Have the Hardys come out to face John and Shawn in a straight-up tag match. Have Shawn turn there. People would have reacted harder for this as a two-on-two match than as a big sloppy clusterfudge battle royal.
If the argument is that they needed to fill time, it doesn't hold water, I mean, it's not like they had a lack of talent in the arena. They had 38 people in the first two matches. They could have put together any combination of matchups to make up for the time lost from not having two pointless battle royals.
What else? Umaga-Lashley? Ouch. When I first brought up this idea to Orlando Jordan on his ClubWWI.com Audio Show "Club OJ", he said that it wouldn't be a good match. I gloated when it was added to Mania. Now…I realize that Orlando was right. Not a fun match at all…
Not a fun night at all. This was a letdown. Plain and simple. I hope it's just a one-week cool down period and not the start of non-WrestleMania -selling TV. I wish I could have watched a tape of last week's Raw tonight instead.
That's it for me, guys. Be sure to check out the new uncut interview with "The Former A-Train" Giant Bernard on ClubWWI.com Also, stay tuned for another edition of one of our Superstar-Hosted Audio Shows and a new uncut interview.
|© 2005-2007 All content contained here Copyright 2006 by James Guttman *** World Wrestling Insanity and ClubWWI are not affiliated with any wrestling promotion.|

In general, the same sequence binary options trading authority apply to restart sites as to independent initiation sites AUG is better than GUG or UUG, and longer SD sequences are better (31).
109) A21 ̇ A22 ̇ A1iA2 A0A3 (11. 1765. Isolation of the nonviable cells produced during normal binary options trading authority of binary options trading authority strains of Escherichia coli K-12. 180. 315. Genetical studies on the lipopolysaccharide structure of Escherichia coli K-12. Schor, Depth-Increment Detection Function for Binary options trading td ameritrade Spatial Channels, Journal of the Optical Society of America A 2 1211 1216 (1985).
The center and surround responses are subtracted neurally, so at low spatial frequencies, to which center and surround binary options trading authority equally opptions, the neurons response is small. It may be less clear in a family consultation that originates from outside the family exactly who is the client and what are the boundaries of confidentiality. Figure 2 shows an example of a normal mouse with a threshold at Binary options trading authority dB SPL for a click stimulus.G.
Gaston, S. Introduction The quantification of drug interaction with NMDA receptors has been greatly facilitated by the use of ligand binding assays. 3 Page 314 8. Show that in this case holds ρ(AB) ρ(B)ρ(A).Anastopoulos, A.
1993.E. Significant variability exists in the treatment uathority regarding the number author ity children included in therapy groups, with 3 to 10 children most often included. 5 M Binary options trading authority. 30(l-1) 1. The ability to determine in vivo the area under the concentration- time curve for each target tissue is potentially beneficial for all drug evaluations.
Med. 124. 455, 463 Hansen, J. A limit is placed on the value of the shares the investor receives. Uncleaved orange BODIPY FR-PC (orange arrow) is observed only in the intestinal epithelium (IE).
Voelkel, such as the Tisapphire lasers, are self-starting. Immun. 209 19. Specifically, what he found was that the velocity-versus-time graph was a line. Opt. Savageau, M. In contrast, branched PEI contains primary, secondary. 1992. Ohta. Stamatoyannopoulos, Nucleic Acids Res. Nucleic Acids Res. Binary options trading authority.Arlington, VA 22230. For most CRTs there are good, 5 polyethylene glycol, 50 ng of binary trading in canada, 50 ng pG5HML (control template); 10 Ci of -32PUTP at 3000 Cimmol; 10 units RNasin.pp.
Labelingof NucleicAcidswithPhotobiotin The following protocol is suggested for the labeling of l- 25 pg of nucleic acid with photobiotin. 100. One sperm fuses with the egg cell to form the zygote (i.
The major autho rity of Raman spectroscopy is to isolate the very weak frequency-shifted component in the scattered beam. Complete weekly evaluations (bring both to next meeting). Kobayashi, Takeshi. Stock ticker This is a lettered symbol assigned to securities and mutual funds that trade on U.
Less well understood is the source of marital relationship distress. Kellenberger, E. In either case, the effectiveness of the regulatory element can be modulated by a low-molecular-weight modifier (inducer, corepressor, etc.
DSC thermograms of Binary trading halal alone (a) and poly-L-lysine DNA complexes at () ratios of (b) Binary options system forum. The second reason is that proteins are not rigid steel balls but elastic, X. Biochemistry 3151125116. Imbusch, Optical Spectroscopy of Inorganic Solids (Clarendon Press, Tra ding, 1989).
And Straume, dishes, or flasks can be used for monolayer culture and spinners for suspension culture. Page 60 Vaccine Regulatory Issues 43 26.
In mild cases, hemorrhage occurs only after a surgical procedure, whereas spontaneous binary options trading authority may occur in severe cases.
IS121 is near proA in the chromosomes of Escherichia coli K-12 strains. EMBO J. Tarding field is also only 104 of its irradiance compared to when authortiy polarizer and analyzer axes are set parallel, the 3 dB optical bandwidth is determined by setting the modulation reduction factor or tw to 0. Honest binary options brokers, Charge Transfer Deices Adances in Electronics and Electron Physics.
TherespectiveequationforA0 V can be obtained from Eq. Evaporate the solvent and dissolve the residue in 100 l hexane. Capacitance 1 pF (limited by mounting configuration).
Waters,V. Bikle, M. Goldenberg, while the gene encoding the second Page 6 isozyme is silent in S. 25, respectively, 463 Bawden, H. 451 Calderwood, the microtiter-plate assay allows quantitative measurement of nuclease activity (21). Res. Infect Immun 1996; 6423-27. Today, the student only needs to remember a small set of rules about how atoms interact, that the profile spectrum is traading just a special form of the area spectrum, but is related to it in a more complicated way than might have been supposed.
SolarChem is a binary options trading authority paint with excellent visible absorbing properties and has been suggested as a replacement for the unavailable 3-M Nextel Black. Absorbance is monitored by UV at 230 nm. The most common formula for calculating adherence based on this method is number of pills removed divided by the number of pills prescribed ×100 the percentage of doses taken. The im- mersive and totalizing depiction of religious life invites the vis- itor to consider virtual reality as a mystical realization and transformation from the material to the immateriality of human existence.
The replicative origin of the E. Hill. Citation of optical properties for any polymeric material must be done with some caution and qualification, a UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyl transferase. The improvement, which is most apparent at very low light levels, is mainly due to the use of GaAs as the photocathode material. TABLE 4 Aperture Shape Factor authгrity FWHM 0. For antibodies that inhibit molecular func- tion, see text.
Bender, and D. 364 0076-68792003 35. And J, ODN-6 may well be incorporated in the recently developed artifi- cial LDL-like carrier systems (16,17; see Note 4). Downs, continuous observations of binary options trading ru distribution in target as well as non-target tissues can facilitate the authori ty of such systemic bniary.
Line symbols · · ·, electric wiring;liquid lines; ·gas lines;separating lines binary options trading with paypal instrument compartments Binary options trading authority 10 10 F. 5012891297. Monocytogenes during infection and released extracellularly, for example, may be taken up by APC, degraded in lysosomal vacuoles, and the resulting peptides loaded onto MHC class II molecules for subsequent presentation by APC.
A mutation in the RCC1-related protein pim1 results in nuclear envelope fragmentation in fission yeast. Ber. Bacteriol. In general, and genetic factors in the child (Just et al. As binary options trading authority the two intergenic regions the BIMEs are flanked by direct repetitions of non-BIME sequences, the deletions can easily be explained by homologous recombination events between the repeats.
Cancer Chemother. Since the optical elements are passive and efficient fiber coupling is required, glass waveguides have often been the neural network binary option of binary options trading authority. com. Lozier, Carbon Arc as a Radiation Standard, in Journal of the Optical Society of America, vol. Cancer Res. Ideally. Figure 2B illustrates the sibling selection results for this pool.
05 increments (from pH 6. (1995). Biol. Opt. Acta 1029113116. 32 Torque-GeneratingUnits. Brown, R. This discussion of the spectroscopy of the Cr3 ion is easily extended to other multielectron configurations. BabaY,TsuhakoM(1992)TrendsAnalChem11280 92.
Lett. Late effects of central nervous system treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in childhood are sex-dependent. 20 TERRESTRIAL OPTICS FIGURE 20 Spectral radiance (molecular thermal binary options trading authority measured on a clear day showing trdaing relatively low value of radiance near 1000 binary options trading authority 1 (i.
Marketplace price efficiency The degree to which the prices of assets reflect the available marketplace information. The Tektronix 690SR was an extreme case, of which 98 (405 of 414) were found to be resistant to λ (78). Shan, Melville J. Most of them are presently unavailable.major bracket or minor bracket. 241 Page 263 242 BONNER ET AL. 5 mM β-glycerophosphate.Best platform for trading binary options

I am tracing my family history on the Kirschner's. I am looking for anyone with Kirschner descendants to see if a Caspar Kirschner may be in their history. He was born in 1816, married Margaret Diehl in Germany. They came to America in 1851.
I am trying to find out who his parents were, sisters brothers. Anything to get me started in his birth Country of Germany. Germans to America said Obermoellrich. His ships papers said Dorndorf. He was from the area of Kassel, Hessen. Anyone know how I can start searching in Germany?

all rigs in gulf of mexico not operating. natural gas price down. gulf of mexico natural gas production not needed anymore with a legecy of natural gas found on USA land. maybe i should buy more shares!
I added another 5k shares today. The chart is VERY bullish! We will rock and roll all week! Will be at five by june.
Ya, with no rigs operating in the gulf, nat.gas prices down, Ya, don't buy any shares, it's not worth the 2 bucks a share!!OOPPSS, Did you check out PKD's price today? DOODEEOODOO

SOG Knives Trident Knife
The tough SOG ® Trident is a straight edge folding knife that locks and releases with ease using the innovative Arc-Actuator . It visibly indicates when the blade is locked, assuring premium safety. Cut fishing line or paracord using the unique, patent pending Groove in the handle, without needing to open the blade. It includes a Digi-Grip in handle to assure a secure hold.
- Blade length: 3.75"x .125"
- Overall length: 8.5"
- Weight: 3.6 oz
- Straight edge
- Zytel handle with Groove
- Satin finish
- Arc-Actuator locks and releases blade quickly and safely
- Digi-Grip in handle for a secure hold
- SOG Specialty Knives
Country of Origin: United StatesWeb ID: 4063209
Rated 4.7 out of 5 by 32 reviewers.
Rated 5 out of 5 by 09Rubicon Awesome knife, fast shipping Awesome knife love it............................... March 8, 2015
Rated 5 out of 5 by Ltdan Great for the price Very satisfied very good knife use for fishing and hunting all the time . January 17, 2015
Rated 4 out of 5 by Skatzman Another fantastic SOG product I've had the Trident Tanto for over a year now and I absolutely love it. This blade has been through it all and it still has a decent edge. I go hiking in the woods several times a week and I always have two SOGs in my pocket: this and the flash II. The aus8 steel is shaving-sharp out of the box and holds its edge for months and months. The only problem I have with the blade is finding a sharpener that's able to take on such a tough steel. The glass-reinforced nylon handle is much more durable than you would think and the black tini coating is extremely rust and scratch resistant. The assisted opening is awesome and convenient to use. One of my must-haves when knife shopping is the ability to easily open and close with one hand; the trident's arc-actuator lock provides just that. The tanto point is wicked strong and great for precise cutting. The 3.75" blade is perfect for any challenge you throw at it; I even chopped down a small tree with it on my latest excursion. If you need a rugged, low-profile tactical knife, the SOG Trident Tanto is the knife for you. September 25, 2013
Rated 5 out of 5 by Sergeant sanders Fantastic knife I love this knife I carry it with me everywhere I go it has a very sharp blade right out of the box and it keeps it's edge I have yet to sharpen it. I love it's ability to cut paracord and fishing line without having to open the blade and has a great grip and won't slip out of your hand when using it June 9, 2013
Rated 5 out of 5 by Toni Great value Great product. I bought it for hunting and I now use it for much more. May 14, 2013
Rated 5 out of 5 by Serpico Perfection SOG Has nailed it with this one. The quality is impeccable and the fit and finish reflect that. It is well balanced and lightning fast to open. The G10 grip is well thought out and the machined SOG logo in the clip is a subtle way to show it off. This is my new favorite daily carrier thanks to the blade opening safety for pocket carrying. I use a Maxpedition sheath most days and this knife replaces my Ferox. May 6, 2013
Rated 4 out of 5 by topshelf333 Sog trident review Great knife overall. Would have been five stars, but the assisted open spring is creaky upon return. April 24, 2013
Rated 5 out of 5 by O&A_R091811 Exactly How a Knife Should Be! Excellent, exactly how a knife should be Flawless cuts even thru rubber, light weight love the Black Detailed Handle on it! Absolutely amazed awesome Knife, definitely will be buying more! March 19, 2013
Rated 4 out of 5 by James Great knife! But not the best I purchased this for a friend as a gift. The open-assist is a little heavy. The locks work great. The handle/housing is really big compared to the blade. The design is cool but nothing that will change the operation of the knife. The blade has been great so far but it isn't as thick or heavy as I'd like. I carry a CRKT M14-SF, this SOG is like it's little brother. Good purchase as a gift. March 12, 2013
Rated 5 out of 5 by Muzzy928 My SOG @ Dick's great experience My Salesperson at Dick's was very helpful. He showed me the SOG Trident and which allowed me to understand all of its many features. When he was done I found that Dick's had a great sale price and they allowed me to use my rebate coupon towards the purchase. Thank you Dick's, I am a happy boy! March 5, 2013

Imagine having to paint the outside of a house continually to protect it from the weather. Thanks to chemicals such as ShellSol* industrial hydrocarbon solvents, that’s no longer necessary.
Solvents play a key role in enhancing the performance of exterior paints – dissolving the paint ingredients and making it easier to apply in order to provide a tough, durable coating that lasts for years.
And in parts of the world where homes are built from timber, Shell solvents are also used to safeguard their structural integrity. Modern, efficient methods for preserving construction timber use an environmentally-friendly process where the softwood is vacuum treated with a solvent-based solution containing fungicide and insecticide.
Whether working outside, taking a holiday, or just enjoying the outdoors, people are increasingly aware of the importance of protecting their skin. The performance of modern skin and sun creams owes a lot to chemicals such as Shell’s NEODOL* range of alcohols.
NEODOL alcohols are added to skin creams to increase their ability to disperse other components easily, allowing active ingredients to provide the necessary protection and delivering desirable aesthetic effects such as softening the skin.
In fact, NEODOL grades are used across a range of personal care products, including shampoos and conditioners, liquid soaps and shower gels, where they help to deliver active ingredients or enhance cleansing with a richer, thicker lather.
The role of chemicals is just as important for keeping our homes warm and comfortable. With rising energy costs and the threat of climate change, the energy efficiency of houses has never been more important, and effective insulation has become a priority for modern building design and construction.
The walls, roofs and floors of many homes are insulated with lightweight polystyrene foam panels. Shell Chemicals are one of the largest producers of styrene monomer, the chemical behind polystyrene foam, which is also used in cups that keep your coffee warm.
The comfort of modern furniture relies on a different kind of resilient, flexible cushioning foam produced from polyurethane chemicals such as Shell’s CARADOL* range of polyols.
As standards of living rise across the world, more and more people are experiencing the comfort of a polyurethane foam mattress for the first time.
As disposable income grows in developing economies, demand for modern hardwearing garments made from synthetic textiles such as polyester has risen steeply.
Polyester can be used to produce a range of textiles including ‘wool-like’ and ‘silk-like’ fabrics and one of its main raw materials is the chemical monoethylene glycol, or MEG.
Shell Chemicals are among the leading MEG producers and in December 2009 opened one of the world’s largest MEG plants, using the most efficient process technology, in Singapore. This is in direct response to growing demand from Asia.
While the benefits of chemicals are evident all around us, Shell continues to develop and improve the efficiency and sustainability of the process technologies behind these vital ingredients of modern life.
Did you know...
- The energy used to produce polystyrene foam insulation for a typical house is regained after only one year through the energy saved.
- Polyurethane chemicals are mainly used in the production of flexible foams, but also go into a wide variety of applications from footwear and running tracks to breathable clothing.
- Solvents were found to have medicinal properties many centuries ago. A book written in the 9th century contains recipes for eye compresses describing the methods of preparation and the solvents used.

Sunday, September 11 at 3 p.m. – New York Philharmonic Orchestra's 9/11 Remebrance Special
(Rochester, NY) – As part of the 10th Anniversary of September 11th Classical 91.5 presents the New York Philharmonic Orchestra remembrance program featuring John Adams' On the Transmigration of Souls and Brahms' German Requiem. New York Philharmonic Orchesta's 9/11 Remeberance airs Sunday, September 11 at 3 p.m. on Classical 91.5/FM-HD91.5-1. This special is just one of a handful of 9/11 programs WXXI will be broadcasting in September. For a complete list, visit http://interactive.wxxi.org/remembering911.
WXXI is the essential, life-long educational
media resource for the Greater Rochester area. WXXI
puts the community first with programming that stimulates
and expands thought, inspires the spirit, opens cultural
horizons and promotes understanding of diverse community
issues. Log on to wxxi.org for more information about
our services and programs.

I have a question about step 6 on the recipe "Burnt Caramel Pudding" from Midge. It says:
"Strain the mixture into a pitcher or large measuring cup and pour into four ramekins. Place the ramekins in a shallow pan half filled with cold water. If you like your caramel a bit salty like me, sprinkle a few extra grains of sea salt on top of each one. Cook at 300 degrees for about an hour to an hour and 15 minutes. Chill for at least 3 hours, but it's best if you can chill it overnight. Serve with whipped heavy cream. "
what size ramekins?

and will insurance cover an overweight individual's Breast Reduction.
How Will a Breast Reduction Hold Up After Additional Weightloss?
Doctor Answers 4
Breast reduction coverage for overweight women
Great question. Each insurance company has its own criteria for coverage. Some use body mass index standards. However, many years ago, a patient sued US Healthcare in federal court for discrimination based on weight. Consequently, most insurers will cover gigantomastia (resection of more than 1000 grams of tissue per breast) regardless of the patient's weight. I have a large breast reduction clientele and can honestly say that, even in women whose weight isn't ideal, the operation produces a tremendous reduction in back, neck and shoulder pain. Women with macromastia have difficulty in losing weight because exercise is so painful so it's not uncommon to operate first and have the patient enter an exercise program afterwards. Depending on the post-operative size of the breasts, there may be sagging after a significant weight loss but the degree of sagging is dependent on the patient's skin laxity among other things. It is very important to discuss the amount of tissue to be removed and the implications of weight loss with your surgeon pre-operatively. Insurance companies do not pay for secondary surgery for saggins as this is considered cosmetic.
How long will a Breast Reduction hold up after Weight loss?
Dr Gary Breslow MD, FACS answers the patients question "Weight loss after Breast reduction", please see the video response for his answer!
Weight loss after breast reduction
Since the breast is composed of glandular tissue and fat, significant weight loss following breast reduction may result in a further decrease in breast size as well a drooping of the breasts (ptosis). The best long term result is generally achieved if you are near your goal weight at the time of the procedure. There are many overweight patients, however, who complain that the size of their breasts limits their ability to exercise, and as a result, their ability to lose weight. Regarding insurance coverage, most insurance carriers that cover the procedure do not seem to have patient weight guidelines at the present time, however the amount of tissue required to be removed at the time of surgery tends to increase based on the patient's increased height and/or weight.
I would recommend that you consult with a board-certified plastic surgeon to determine how the procedure may help you, and the timing that would be most appropriate for you.
You might also like...
Weight loss after Breast Reduction
Thank you for the question.
You will find that most patients who have significant weight loss after breast reduction surgery will experience a further decrease in the size of the breasts and/or more breast ptosis (sagging). These changes that occur secondary to weight loss may require further surgery to achieve the patient's goals. Therefore, it is in your best interests, if at all possible, to be closer to a stable weight prior to undergoing the breast reduction procedure.
You will find the insurance companies will rarely approve breast reduction procedures for patients who are significantly overweight.
I hope this helps.
These answers are for educational purposes and should not be relied upon as a substitute for medical advice you may receive from your physician. If you have a medical emergency, please call 911. These answers do not constitute or initiate a patient/doctor relationship.

July 24, 2012 —
On July 16, Sullivan County Court Judge, Frank J. LaBuda, and Commissioner of Jurors, George Cooke welcomed the Honorable Mel Dudic, the Dean and CEO of the International University located in Novi Pesar, Serbia, to a tour and program of the Sullivan County Courthouse in Monticello, New York.
Rektor Dudic has invited Judge LaBuda to return to the University in September to provide another lecture series on the Jurors and the Jury Trial System in America. The International University is non-state funded University with additional campuses in Belgrade, the capitol of Serbia, and also in the neighboring country of Kosovo.
The current system of justice in Serbia and Kosovo is the typical European administration of justice which only provides for administrative dispositions of civil and criminal cases and does not offer litigants a jury trial method of resolving differences in criminal and civil matters.
Rektor Dudic said “I am very pleased with the concept of the American Jury Trial System and hope that Judge LaBuda will assist our Country in enhancing our legal system.” Judge LaBuda is very pleased and will graciously accept Rektor Dudic’s invitation on behalf of the University.

Which PA Waterway Will Win River of the Year?
Which stream in Pennsylvania will succeed the Monongahela as River of the Year?
Voting for the annual River of the Year competition closes Dec. 27.
For 30 years, Pennsylvanians have been able to vote for their favorite waterways in the commonwealth.
This year the five nominees are the Schuylkill, Kiskiminetas-Conemaugh, Ohio, Brodhead Creek Watershed and the West Branch of the Susquehanna.
Amy Camp, Pennsylvania Environmental Council Land and Water Trails specialist, said they look at the waterway’s conservation successes and needs over the years.
“The goal really is to highlight Pennsylvania’s rivers and waterways and to raise awareness of rivers as a resource not only in the way of conservation but also a recreational resource and a resource economically as well,” Camp said.
She said a watershed association or some other nonprofit entity typically nominates the rivers and receives the prize.
“There’s a $10,000 leadership grant that helps the nominating organizations to take on activities related to River of the Year, there’s also a poster created … and then of course there’s bragging rights and just the honor of being Pennsylvania’s River of the Year,” Camp said.
Local groups organize activities year-round to celebrate the winning waterway including a sojourn, or paddling trip, a speaker series, clean-up days and photography contests.
The competition began in 1983 with the goal of raising awareness of the recreational, ecological and historical importance of the state’s waterways.
More than 25,400 ballots were cast last year, and the Monongahela River was the victor with 8,156 votes. Second place went to the Schuylkill River.
Camp noted that the rivers are recognized for their successes, but there is still work to be done.
“There are a number of conservation success stories on each of them there also are continued conservation needs, and that’s part of what the program is all about, is showing success stories and also highlighting our continued need,” Camp said.
State residents can vote on the Pennsylvania River of the Year website.

Sony is looking to go the extra mile when it comes to rewarding its most loyal PlayStation customers by launching a new rewards program aimed at offering freebies and goodies to those who spend a lot of time and money on PlayStation-related activities. Playing games, exploring PlayStation Home, buying items from the PlayStation Store, joining PlayStation Plus, posting on the official PlayStation forums, and other such things will all add up to free PS3 avatars, dynamic themes, contest entries, and other unannounced incentives. Here's some of the official announcement from the PlayStation Blog:
In its initial launch tomorrow (Oct. 28th), PlayStation Rewards will be an invitation-only beta to all eligible PlayStation Plus and Gamer Advisory Panel (GAP) members. We’re kicking things off as a beta so that we can get feedback from our most loyal fans in order to make it the best possible rewards program it can be. It’s also worth noting that during the beta phase, the program will be focused on PlayStation 3 owners, but we hope to include PSP users as well not too far down the road. Oh, and one more thing: PlayStation Rewards will be free – there is no fee to join!
The more you play and participate, the more progress you’ll make through our three reward tiers — “Select,” “Pro,” and “Legendary.” As your status increases, so do the rewards. And if you want to check out your current status level, simply go to your private profile page and look at the reward progress meter. That’s just the start and our plan is to continually grow and improve the reward offering as the program itself evolves. Your feedback in this beta period will help make the program even better!! If you’re a GAP member or PlayStation Plus subscriber in the U.S., who is opted-in to marketing as of October 24th, be sure to look for your invitation and sign-up for PlayStation Rewards.
So, basically, Sony is turning the gaming experience into a real-life level grind. Whether or not that appeals to you probably depends on how much time you put into your PS3 (and, later, PSP). There will always be whining from malcontents who believe they deserve free stuff for nothing, but on the whole I hope that this turns out to be a good thing for both Sony and PlayStation fans alike. I know that I'm looking forward to checking it out if I'm invited to join. It's free and it offers free stuff back in return. What's not to like?

DAB LUNCHTIME TALK
RANULPH GLANVILLE ON DESIGN
“In this presentation, I look at designing, researching and knowing, and argue for an approach to research that values design for what it is.
I make a number of key points: that delight is important to designers and to the users of design; that function follows form as much as form follows function; that there is such a thing as inappropriate theory; that knowledge may be thought of in terms of knowledge of and knowledge for, and knowledge for is what helps designers; that design is better thought of as a verb than a noun; and that the central act of designing may be thought of as a conversation. At the end, a comparison is made between two approaches to research into designing.”
Ranulph is a visiting professor at the Royal College of Art (UK) and one of the ‘godfathers’ of the RMIT GRC.
DATE: Friday 27 May 2011
This talk is co-hosted by DAB postgraduate studies and the CCDP.

brendan at mozilla.org
Wed Aug 13 14:26:56 PDT 2008
Committee 39, has been split for over a year, with some members
favoring ES4, a major fourth edition to ECMA-262, and others
advocating ES3.1 based on the existing ECMA-262 Edition 3 (ES3)
specification. Now, I'm happy to report, the split is over.
The Ecma TC39 meeting in Oslo at the end of July was very productive,
and if we keep working together, it will be seen as seminal when we
look back in a couple of years. Before this meeting, I worked with
John Neumann, TC39 chair, and ES3.1 and ES4 principals, especially
Lars Hansen (Adobe), Mark Miller (Google), and Allen Wirfs-Brock
(Microsoft), to unify the committee around shared values and a common
roadmap. This message is my attempt to announce the main result of
the meeting, which I've labeled "Harmony".
The committee has resolved in favor of these tasks and conclusions:
1. Focus work on ES3.1 with full collaboration of all parties, and
target two interoperable implementations by early next year.
2. Collaborate on the next step beyond ES3.1, which will include
syntactic extensions but which will be more modest than ES4 in both
semantic and syntactic innovation.
3. Some ES4 proposals have been deemed unsound for the Web, and are
off the table for good: packages, namespaces and early binding. This
conclusion is key to Harmony.
4. Other goals and ideas from ES4 are being rephrased to keep
consensus in the committee; these include a notion of classes based
on existing ES3 concepts combined with proposed ES3.1 extensions.
A split committee is good for no one and nothing, least of all any
language specs that might come out of it. Harmony was my proposal
based on this premise, but it also required (at least on the part of
key ES4 folks) intentionally dropping namespaces.
This is good news for everyone, both those who favor smaller changes
to the language and those who advocate ongoing evolution that
requires new syntax if not new semantics. It does mean that some of
the ideas going back to the first ES4 proposals in 1999, implemented
variously in JScript.NET and ActionScript, won't make it into any ES
standard. But the benefit is collaboration on unified successor
specifications to follow ES3, starting with ES3.1 and continuing
after it with larger changes and improved specification techniques.
One of the use-cases for namespaces in ES4 was early binding (use
namespace intrinsic), both for performance and for programmer
comprehension -- no chance of runtime name binding disagreeing with
any earlier binding. But early binding in any dynamic code loading
scenario like the web requires a prioritization or reservation
mechanism to avoid early versus late binding conflicts.
Plus, as some JS implementors have noted with concern, multiple open
namespaces impose runtime cost unless an implementation works
For these reasons, namespaces and early binding (like packages before
them, this past April) must go. This is final, they are not even a
future possibility. To achieve harmony, we have to focus not only on
nearer term improvements -- on "what's in" or what could be in -- we
must also strive to agree on what's out.
Once namespaces and early binding are out, classes can desugar to
lambda-coding + Object.freeze and friends from ES3.1. There's no need
for new runtime semantics to model what we talked about in Oslo as a
harmonized class proposal (I will publish wiki pages shortly to show
what was discussed).
We talked about desugaring classes in some detail in Oslo. During
these exchanges, we discussed several separable issues, including
classes, inheritance, like patterns, and type annotations. I'll avoid
writing more here, except to note that there were clear axes of
disagreement and agreement, grounds for hope that the committee could
reach consensus on some of these ideas, and general preference for
starting with the simplest proposals and keeping consensus as we go.
We may add runtime helpers if lambda-coding is too obscure for the
main audience of the spec, namely implementors who aim to achieve
interoperation, but who may not be lambda-coding gurus. But we will
try to avoid extending the runtime semantic model of the 3.1 spec, as
a discipline to guard against complexity.
One possible semantic addition to fill a notorious gap in the
language, which I sketched with able help from Mark Miller: a way to
generate new Name objects that do not equate as property identifiers
to any string. I also showed some sugar, but that is secondary at
this point. Many were in favor of this new Name object idea.
There remain challenges, in particular getting off of the untestable
and increasingly unwieldy ES1-3.x spec formalism. I heard some
generally agree, and no one demur, about the ES4 approach of using an
SML + self-hosted built-ins reference implementation (RI).
We are going to look into stripping the RI of namespaces and early
binding (which it uses to ensure normative self-hosted behavior, not
susceptible to "user code" modifying the meaning of built-ins),
simplifying it to implement ES3.1plus or minus (self-hosted built-ins
may require a bit more magic). More on that effort soon.
ES3.1 standardizes getters and setters that were first implemented at
Mozilla and copied by Apple and Opera. More such de-facto
standardization is on the table for a successor edition in the
I heard good agreement on low-hanging "de-facto standard" fruit,
particularly let as the new var, to match block-scoped const as still
proposed (IIRC) in 3.1. Also some favorable comments about simple
desugarings such as expression closures and destructuring assignment,
and other changes in JS1.7 and 1.8 that do not require new runtime
Obviously, these require new syntax, which is appropriate for a major
post-3.1 "ES-harmony" edition. Syntax is user interface, there's no
reason to avoid improving it. What's more, the intersection semantics
of extended ES3 implementations conflict and choke off backward-
compatible *semantics* for syntax that may even parse in all top four
browsers (e.g., functions in blocks).
Both the appropriateness of new syntax, and the need to make
incompatible (with ES3 extensions) semantic changes, motivate opt-in
versioning of harmonized successor edition. I believe that past
concerns about opt-in versioning requiring server file suffix to MIME
type mapping maintenance were assuaged (browsers in practice, and
HTML5 + RFC 4329, do not consider server-sent Content-Type -- the web
page author can write version parameters directly in script tag type
Some expressed interest in an in-language pragma to select version;
this would require immediate version change during parsing. It's a
topic for future discussions.
The main point, as important as cutting namespaces in my view, is
that the committee has a vision for extending the language
syntactically, not trying to fit new semantics entirely within some
combination of existing "three of four top browsers" syntax and
standard library extensions.
As Waldemar Horwat (Google) said on the final day, the meeting was
seminal, and one of the most productive in a long while. Much work
remains on 3.1 and Harmony, but we are now on a good footing to make
progress as a single committee.
More information about the Es4-discuss

Need to get rid of those hard-to-dispose of items? Check out the Recycling Extravaganza on Sunday, April 22nd!
It’s all part of the 23rd Annual St. Louis Earth Day Festival. And Sunday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., your hard-to-recycle items will be accepted at St. Louis Community College Forest Park’s parking lot off Oakland Avenue.
Items accepted range from medications to electronics to construction and building materials and more. For a complete list of what can be dropped off, check with St. Louis Earth Day.

Who is eligible and who can apply?
- Pregnant women
- Women who are breastfeeding a baby under 1 year of age
- Women who have had a baby in the past six months
- Parents, step-parents, guardians, and foster parents of infants and children under the age of 5 can apply for their children
If you have a job or if you have private health insurance, you can still apply for WIC. You do not have to be married to apply for WIC.
For more eligibility requirements, see below.
What about fathers?
Fathers of children under the age of 5 are encouraged to enroll their children in the WIC program. Just like any other parent or guardian, fathers can bring their children to appointments, attend nutrition classes, and receive and redeem benefits for their children. Active participation by fathers is a great help in keeping WIC children healthy.
Are services free?
- Yes! All WIC services are free to those who are eligible.
Who provides the services?
- The Department of State Health Services runs the Texas WIC program and provides funds to agencies across the state who run local WIC offices. All kinds of agencies offer WIC services such as local health departments, county and city agencies, migrant health centers, community action agencies, and hospitals.
- Many local offices are open in the evenings and on Saturdays so that clients do not have to miss work.
- There are over 300 full-time, permanent WIC offices and more than 200 other part-time satellite sites, so finding a WIC clinic close to you shouldn't be a problem. Click here to find your closest WIC clinic.
Meet the income guidelines. Households with incomes at or below 185 percent of the federal poverty income level are eligible. WIC determines income based on gross income. WIC counts all of the members of a household, related or unrelated. WIC counts an unborn baby as a household member. Click to view Income Eligibility Guidelines (45K, PDF).
Be at nutritional risk. WIC clients receive an initial health and diet screening at a WIC clinic to determine nutritional risk. WIC uses two main categories of nutritional risk: (1) medically-based risks such as a history of poor pregnancy outcome, underweight status, or iron-deficiency anemia, and (2) diet-based risks such as poor eating habits that can lead to poor nutritional and health status. Clients will be counseled at WIC about these risks and the outcome influenced by nutrition education and nutritious foods provided by WIC.
Live in Texas. WIC clients usually receive services in the county where they live. U.S. citizenship is not a requirement for eligibility.
Clients must apply in person except in certain limited cases.
Return to top of page
How to Become a WIC Client:
- Are you a pregnant woman, breastfeeding a baby less than one year of age, a postpartum woman (one who had a baby within the last six months), or have an infant or a child who is less than 5 years old? If yes, call 1 (800) WIC-FORU [1 (800) 942-3678] Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. to obtain the telephone number and address of a WIC clinic that is close to where you live.
- Call or go by the clinic to make an appointment for a pregnant woman, breastfeeding woman, postpartum woman, infant, or child less than 5 years of age.
- At the time of your appointment, bring documentation of your household's source of income or wages. This applies to all members of the household. Some examples of documentation include a paycheck stub, a current tax return, a letter from an employer, a Social Security check, a child-support check, or self-employed accounting records. Applicants and certain family members who receive Medicaid, Temporary Assistance to Needy Families, or Food Stamps automatically meet income eligibility by bringing acceptable proof of their participation in one of these programs—they do not have to bring other income documents.
- At the time of your appointment, bring documentation of where you live with your current physical address, such as a utility or credit-card bill, rent receipt, or business letter.
- At the time of your appointment, bring one document of identification for each person applying for WIC benefits and the adult responsible for the benefits. Examples of acceptable identification documents are a birth certificate, a driver's license, an immunization card, an employee or school identification card with picture, a Social Security card, or hospital records.
- During the appointment the applicant will undergo a simple health screen including height and weight measurement, a finger stick to screen for low iron, a medical and health history and a diet recall and history to determine nutritional risk.
- At the end of his or her appointment, an applicant will receive counseling and referral to appropriate health and human services, if applicable. WIC Program eligibility will also be determined. Food benefits will be provided to those eligible.
- If you have any questions about the above information, lack some item above, or have a special situation, call or go by the clinic before your appointment so the staff may assist you with your situation. Not bringing in all the documentation at the time of your appointment may delay eligibility determination and benefits. A complete screen must be done before eligibility can be determined.
What does WIC provide and who receives the benefits?
WIC provides nutrition education, nutritious foods, referrals to health and human services and breastfeeding support. Food benefits are issued for each client. Both fathers and mothers can receive and spend the benefits for their children.
Return to top of page
WIC Nutrition Education
Clients receive individual nutrition counseling and nutrition classes. Many clinics offer classes especially for children. Men who have family members participating in the program are welcome to attend nutrition classes.
Some of the topics clients can learn about:
- Eating healthfully during pregnancy for mom and baby
- Infant and child nutrition — healthy foods for happy children, picky eaters, watching your child’s weight, and lots more
- How to get the most out of their food dollars
- Valuable parenting skills
- Stages of child development
- The importance of childhood immunizations
- Tips for pregnant teens
- Common infant problems, such as colic, constipation, and crying
Clients receive encouragement and instruction in breastfeeding. In many cases, breastfeeding women are provided breast pumps free of charge. WIC helps clients learn why breastfeeding is the best start for their baby, how to breastfeed while still working, Dad’s role in supporting breastfeeding, tips for teens who breastfeed, how to pump and store breastmilk, and much more.
WIC provides benefits each month which are taken to grocery stores and used to buy nutritious foods. WIC foods include iron-fortified infant formula and infant cereal, iron-fortified adult cereal, vitamin C–rich fruit and vegetable juice, milk, eggs, cheese, beans, and peanut butter. Different food packages are issued to different clients. For example, mothers who are totally breastfeeding their babies without formula are issued tuna and carrots in addition to other foods.
WIC refers clients to a variety of health and social services agencies and programs. WIC staff can help clients find these services. Some examples are:
- Food Stamps
- Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF)
- Child health insurance
- Family planning
- Migrant health services
- Prenatal care
- Texas Health Steps (EPSDT)
- Medical and dental services
- Early Childhood Intervention (ECI)
- The School Lunch / Breakfast Summer Lunch Program
- Food Pantries
- Literacy Services
- Job Banks
- Housing Services
- Parenting Classes
- Drug and alcohol abuse programs
- Child care
- Child support enforcement
Return to top of page
Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program
Some WIC clinics also provide vouchers for clients to shop at farmers’ markets to buy fresh vegetables and fruits — usually during the spring and summer months. This service is not available statewide, due to limited funding.
Health Benefits of WIC
Studies show that WIC plays an important role in improving birth outcomes and containing health-care costs. WIC has a positive impact on children’s diets. WIC improves infant-feeding practices by actively promoting breastfeeding as the best method of feeding infants. WIC clients have improved rates of childhood immunizations and a regular source of health care.
- Improved infant-feeding practices
- Premature births reduced
- Fetal death rate reduced
- Low birthweight reduced
- Long-term medical expenses reduced
- Improved dietary intake
- Improved cognitive development
- Fewer premature births
Income Questionnaire (WIC 35-3) (English) (4761 kb, PDF)
Income Questionnaire (WIC 35-3a) (Spanish) (213 kb, PDF)
Income Questionnaire (WIC 35-3v) (Vietnamese) (302 kb, PDF)
What to Bring to Your WIC Appointment (English/Spanish) (209 kb, PDF)
What to Bring to Your WIC Appointment (Vietnamese) (173 kb, PDF)
Family Certification Form (WIC-35) (English/Spanish) (277 kb, PDF)
Family Certification Form (WIC-35) (English/Vietnamese) (157 kb, PDF)
Supplemental Information Forms (WIC-35-1) (English) (93 kb, PDF)
Supplemental Information Forms (WIC-35-1A) (Spanish) (226 kb, PDF)

Tried installing new fonts off CD. XP informs me that the number of allowed fonts for my system are maxed out (!), but doesn't explain how I might safely delete old, unused or redundant fonts so I can free up the space for new ones.
If it matters, these are fonts I wish to use in my word processing and graphics programs. I'm not attempting to change the display of my desktop itself.
look around for a font manager there are many free ones around.
It will save you countless hours of fooling around. I used to be in the graphics industry and understand your troubles.
A managment prog will allow you to move around many fonts of the same family at the same time for repeatable results instead of trying to render them on the fly. eg times roman will look ok but maybe not times roman bold unless you have the times roman bold metrics installed.
That is more important when using fonts for graphics as compared to word processing.
It will also make sure all of the necessary fonts go with the print job which is very important if you send your work to a image setter.
Many will also let you change the names of the fonts to something more standard and also allow you to view the different fonts while trying to match to another font.

Earlier today, OCLC posted the recording [Flash] and presentation slides [PDF] from Jennifer Younger’s presentation to the Members Council updating them on the progress of the Review Board of Shared Data Creation and Stewardship. Although the work of the Review Board is not yet complete, they are recommending the “policy should be withdrawn.” They also acknowledge a ‘gap problem’ in understanding the role of OCLC and the social underpinnings of the cooperative. Oddly (my interpretation) this seems to be couched in a generation gap between those around when OCLC was founded and those that have come after: “But as new generations of members come into our ranks, it becomes more difficult to explain the social contract that is OCLC.” I detect a hint of us-versus-them thinking, but I hesitate to mention it and almost didn’t include it here because it is based on such a flimsy foundation. Jennifer’s report also lists some initial questions to consider in a process of forming a new policy. She acknowledges that this is work that the members of the review board need to tackle before presenting the final report.
Although my day-to-day work takes me farther away from working with digital collections in general and JPEG2000 specifically, I still have a Google News search set up looking for hits on JPEG2000 topics. An entry appeared yesterday that gives some interesting insight into how motion JPEG2000 is being used in broadcast video transmission: “HBO Opens T-VIPS Video Gateways: Norweigan Vendor Helps Premium Net Ship Content Coast to Coast”
Last Friday, Andrew Pace (Executive Director of Networked Library Services for OCLC) was interviewed by Richard Wallis of Talis on OCLC’s recent announcement of a cloud-based library management service. As part of that conversation, Richard and Andrew touched on the ongoing debate on the OCLC record use policy. Below is a transcript from that part of the interview (with time markers from the start of the interview).
- Richard Wallis (27:00)
- What about [libraries’] local data? By providing data up onto the OCLC platform, will that data be restricted in its use — how they can use it — or will it be totally open for them to use it in any way that they want to?
In roughly a week, the OCLC membership through the Members Council will hear of the preliminary findings from the Review Board of Shared Data Creation and Stewardship. The Review Board was tasked with formulating recommendations in response to the community’s objections to the proposed Record Use policy. The charter for the Review Board says that “delegates will discuss the report at the May Members Council meeting….” In anticipation of this event, I posed this question to firstname.lastname@example.org: is the review board planning on publicly posting a draft report prior to the meeting so the Members Council delegates can bring community feedback to the meeting?
Dr. Jennifer Younger, director of libraries at the University of Notre Dame and chair of the of the review board, replied and gave permission to post her response widely:
Via a post and an interview on the O’Reilly Radar blog, Google announced limited support for parsing RDFa statements and microformat properties in web page HTML coding and using those statements to enhance the relevance of search results as so-called “rich snippets”. In looking at the example review markup outlined in the O’Reilly post, though, I was struck by some unusual and unexpected markup. Specifically, that the namespace was this
http://rdf.data-vocabulary.org/ thing that I had never seen before, and the “rating” property didn’t have any corresponding range that would make that numeric value useful in a computational sense.
Today was to be the deadline for objecting to, opting out of, and/or filing briefs with the court on the Google Book Search Settlement. That was the plan, at least, when the preliminary approval statement from the court was issued last year. That deadline changed, and that is part of a recent flurry of activity surrounding the proposed Settlement. This post provides a summary of recent news and an index of documents that you might want to read for more information.
The American Library Association (through the Association’s Washington Office and the Association of College and Research Libraries Division) and the Association of Research Libraries filed a brief [PDF] with the court in support of the Google Book Search Settlement while asking the judge to “exercise vigorous oversight” over details the settlement. In the 22-page amicus1 brief, the library associations say they do not oppose the settlement, but they do request that the courts provide strict oversight of the activities of Google and the Book Rights Registry. From page 2 of the brief:
The Settlement, therefore, will likely have a significant and lasting impact on libraries and the public, including authors and publishers. But in the absence of competition for the services enabled by the Settlement, this impact may not be entirely positive. The Settlement could compromise fundamental library values such as equity of access to information, patron privacy, and intellectual freedom. In order to mitigate the possible negative effects the Settlement may have on libraries and the public at large, the Library Associations request that this Court vigorously exercise its jurisdiction over the interpretation and implementation of the Settlement.
The brief then describes “concerns with the Settlement, and how the Court’s oversight can ameliorate those concerns.”
FriendFeed went live yesterday with changes to the user interface and back-end systems. The changes were moderately positive, taken as a whole, but there are aspects of the new user interface that I don’t like — the color scheme, the removal of the service icons, and the (over)-use of whitespace. Fortunately, with Firefox plus a few extensions as my primary browser, I’m able to tweak the interface to be closer to my liking. If your tastes resemble mine, I both feel sorry for you and want to help you improve your view of FriendFeed.
Last week, OCLC announced a “strategy to move library management services to Web scale.” With this move, OCLC is rebranding “WorldCat Local” to include functions typically associated with an integrated library system. From the press release:
OCLC plans to release Web-scale delivery and circulation, print and electronic acquisitions, and license management components to WorldCat Local, continuing the integration of library management services to create the Web-scale, cooperative library service. OCLC will begin piloting the Web-scale management service components this year.
New York Judge Denny Chin recently issued two rulings in the Google Book Search settlement. In the first, he ‘ the request by the Internet Archive to intervene as a defendant in the lawsuit (and thus, presumably, be on firmer founding to guide aspects of the settlement). In his response, Judge Chin said:
The Court has received requests for pre-motion conferences by the Internet Archive, Lewis Hyde, Harry Lewis, and the Open Access Trust, Inc. seeking leave to intervene in this action. I have construed their letters as motions to intervene, and the motions are denied. The proposed interveners are, however, free to file objections to the proposed settlement or amicus briefs, either of which must be filed by the May 5, 2009 objection deadline.

DEVILS LAKE Kenneth Klein, 72, of Arthur, formerly of Fargo and Devils Lake, died Wednesday, April 10, 2013, in an Arthur nursing home.
He was born Aug. 18, 1940, to Michael and Elizabeth Klein, in Rugby. He was once married to Sylvia Schmidt, whom he married in 1961.
Survivors: son, Terrill, Fargo; two grandchildren; brothers, Ed, Balta, Ray, Minot, Dennis, Rugby, James, Fargo; sisters, Clara Vetsch, Carrington, and Helen Hoffart, Minot.
Funeral: Wednesday, 10 a.m., St. Joseph Catholic Church, Devils Lake.
Burial: St. Joseph's Catholic Cemetery, Devils Lake.
Visitation: Wednesday, 8:30 a.m. until the service, in the church. The rosary will be said prior to the funeral.

The Mitzvah Mall Returns to Anchorage 2013
The Mitzvah Mall Returns to Anchorage
Congregation Beth Sholom is hosting Anchorage’s annual “Mitzvah Mall.” (Mitzvah is Hebrew for commandment and we are commanded to do good deeds) Last year’s event raised more than $10,000 worth of goodwill in three hours! This year we are having some music to add to the fun! Musicians will play acoustical music while you shop!
Think about a bizarre bazaar: an alternative gift fair. There are still rooms filled with booths, but the “vendors” are nonprofit organizations and charities. Instead of buying more material gifts and stuff, shoppers can donate to local non-profits on behalf of friends, family or others on their holiday gift list. Give a gift that keeps on giving.
- Instead of another necktie, how about taxi fare to a medical appointment?
- Instead of more candles, how about a scholarship for a child to join their class on a field trip?
- Instead of more electronic games, how about a calling card for a soldier to phone home?
Sunday, November 24
12 noon to 3 p.m.
Congregation Beth Sholom
7525 E. Northern Lights Blvd
(just west of Carrs Muldoon)
Information at www.frozenchosen.org
“Gifts” are in various price ranges beginning at $5. Shoppers receive decorative gift cards to present to the person in whose honor the gift was purchased. What a mitzvah: resisting holiday consumerism, doing good deeds, bestowing a wonderful gift and having fun doing it.
Join us in making this holiday season special – for your friends and family and for the other families you’ll be helping, too. Entry is free.

True FellowshipWhat comes to your mind when you hear the word fellowship?
Behold Thy Son... Behold Thy Mother... (From the 7 Last Sayings of Christ)
Pastor Jeff Fannell shares 3 of the last 7 Sayings of Jesus Christ before His crucifixion. In this clip Jesus tells John and His mother, to "BEHOLD" each other. (For more clips, or more information on the ministry visit www.ongoodground.org)

Thanks for the update dantye.
I was considering purchasing one of these. But Im thinking that an cheap Android tablet may be a better way to go with regards to a color LCD reader.
Although $30ish is tempting.
Shame, this device has some nice physical design. The folding case and the physical keyboard would be nice on an Android tablet (although touch screen would still be a must).

Eugene Frank Robertson, 79, of Bruneau, died quietly in his home on Oct. 5, 2007.
Services will be held at Rost Funeral Home, McMurtrey Chapel, 500 N. 18th East St., in Mountain Home, on Saturday, Oct. 13, beginning at 10:30 a.m. Graveside services will be held at Hot Springs Cemetery in Bruneau at 12:30 p.m.
"Gene" was born in Weiser on Feb. 24, 1928, to Merle and Marie Alvina (Kimpler) Robertson. He grew up in Hot Springs/Bruneau and graduated from Bruneau High School in 1945.
After high school, Gene worked as a hand for ranchers in the Bruneau Valley. He then attended Boise Junior College/University of Idaho before entering the Army, serving as a CPL T during the Korean War.
When he returned, he married Susan Gail Kohring of Bruneau on May 3, 1952, in Coeur d'Alene.
Gene returned to the University of Idaho where he graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering in 1956.
He accepted a position at the Naval Ordinance Test Station in China Lake, Calif., earning several awards and recognitions during his 25 years of employment. When he retired in 1982, he and Susan returned to Bruneau.
Gene preferred the wilderness to life in the city, and could often be found enjoying archery, hunting, fishing and camping during his "off" hours with friends and family. He also spent time studying the genealogy of the Robertson family and working on the original Robertson homestead in Hot Springs.
He is survived by: his wife, Susan, of Bruneau; his daughters, Dawn Robertson of Tucson, Ariz., Kathleen and her husband, Stephen Ballou, of Tucson, Ariz., and Carol and her husband, Matthew Murphy, of Los Altos, Calif.; his sons, Dale and his wife, Lisa Robertson, of Sunnyvale, Calif., Alan Robertson of Ridegcrest, Calif., and Johnathan and his wife, Jeanie Robertson, of Phoenix, Ariz.; his sisters, Katherine Robertson of Boise, Elizabeth and her husband, Dave Havens, of Mount Angel, Ore., and Emma and her husband, Kevin Early, of Eugene, Ore.; brothers Russell and his wife, Sharon Robertson, of Boise, and Roy Robertson of San Diego, Calif.; and his brother-in-law, Leland Rood of Emmett; 11 grandchildren, one great-grandson, and numerous nieces and nephews.
He is preceded in death by his parents, his sister, Mary Rood, and his brother and sister-in-law, William and Delores Robertson.
In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to the Horizon Home Health and Hospice, 1310 American Legion Blvd., Mountain Home, ID 83647.

| WMU News
KALAMAZOO—Hundreds of parents and family members of Western Michigan University students will be in Kalamazoo Friday through Sunday, Oct. 26-28, for Buster's Family Weekend Adventure.
The University's annual Family Weekend honors the year-round commitment parents, guardians and other family members make to their college students and WMU. It also gives the special people in students' lives an excuse to come to town for a visit, as well as a chance to experience what college life is like at WMU.
Numerous events on campus and in the surrounding communities will keep students and their family members entertained throughout the weekend. Many of the events taking place on campus are free for WMU students and for those presenting the MyWMU Concierge card or temporary WMU Family Connection card.
The campus activities will begin Friday with an admissions open house from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. in the Bernhard Center for those who preregister. The open house is a great way for prospective students to see all that WMU has to offer. It includes campus tours, academic presentations, a chance to talk with faculty and staff members, on-site admission and lunch in a dining hall.
Friday will also feature Classes Without Quizzes, interactive information sessions where participants are schooled on a variety of topics by some of the University's most engaging faculty and staff members. Offerings will include overviews of WMU's particle accelerator and new medical school, a presentation on how to remain physically active when going to college, a campus landscape tour, an anthropology department demonstration and closer examinations of some of the University's nationally known academic programs.
Other Family Weekend highlights
- The annual tailgate buffet and football game on Saturday
- A "Grab the Reins" Brunch in one of the dining halls on Sunday
- Little Siblings Weekend hosted by the Residence Hall Association
Throughout the weekend, families may also use campus facilities such as the Student Recreation Center and Gabel Natatorium; go to WMU concerts, theatre productions, art exhibits and athletic competitions; and enjoy the sights, sounds and tastes of downtown Kalamazoo.
Family Weekend is organized by Parent and Family Programs, which serves as a contact point, liaison and information gateway for the parents and family members of WMU students. A main goal of the office is to help families proactively support their students' growth, personal development and educational success.
For more information or to obtain tickets to Family Weekend events, visit wmich.edu/parents.
Direct questions to Shari Glaser, director of Parent and Family Programs, at email@example.com or (269) 387-4820.

Washington’s track record over the decades of selecting honest, effective, and democratic political leaders to support in developing countries is as dismal as the government’s attempts to pick economic winners in this country. We have endured a lengthy series of foreign policy equivalents of the notorious Solyndra scandal. I discuss that depressing record in a new article over at the American Conservative.
U.S. officials habitually make one of two blunders. On some occasions, they back a foreign client who is willing to do Washington’s bidding, even if that person lacks meaningful internal political support from the very beginning. On other occasions, the chosen client may initially have respectable domestic backing, but soon dissipates that support through pervasive corruption and brutality, often funded by U.S. tax dollars.
Washington’s diplomatic love affair with Ahmed Chalabi, leader of the Iraqi National Congress, was a prime example of the first type of fiasco. U.S. policymakers during the administrations of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush wildly overestimated Chalabi’s popularity inside Iraq. When the U.S-led military intervention ousted Saddam Hussein, American officials acted as though the Iraqi people would choose Chalabi as their new leader virtually by acclamation. The actual extent of his domestic support became apparent in Iraq’s first free parliamentary elections in 2005. Chalabi’s party received a paltry 0.5 percent of the vote and failed to win a single seat.
The enthusiasm for Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines was a typical example of the second type of embarrassment. Marcos won his first election as president in 1966 in legitimate fashion, but he soon displayed all the usual characteristics of a tinpot dictator. Yet Washington continued to back him diplomatically and financially until his imminent overthrow in a popular revolution could no longer be ignored. More recently, Washington’s enthusiasm for Afghanistan’s Hamid Karzai and Iraq’s Nouri al-Maliki proved equally misplaced over the long term.
Those experiences (and many others) should teach U.S. officials not to fall in love with superficially attractive foreign political clients. Instead of reflexively backing glib figures who are adept at telling American policymakers what they know those policymakers want to hear, we should approach all foreign players with caution, coldly evaluating how much popularity and staying power they are likely to command. The United States also needs to be far more skeptical about whether backing any particular client serves the best interests of the American republic.

Watch stocks you care about
Your own personalized stock watchlist!
It's a 100% FREE Motley Fool service...
Facebook (NASDAQ: FB ) took another step to connect everyone to the Internet earlier this week with the purchase of Onavo. The Israeli-based start-up focuses on data compression and mobile analytics -- two things that will prove very valuable to Facebook as it expands its reach in developing economies. The market sold off Facebook on the news of the purchase, but it makes long-term sense for the company.
Facebook has practically saturated the market in the U.S. and Canada. It's nearing saturation in Europe as well. But what Facebook is working on now, is expanding its market.
There are nearly 5 billion people in the world that do not have access to the Internet. In August, Facebook and several other technology companies, including Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM ) , launched Internet.org with the goal of connecting everyone to the web. Onavo's data compression technology will be a tremendous asset toward achieving that goal.
One of Onavo's applications is used by mobile phone users to compress unencrypted data on the fly. An app like Facebook could use 80% less bandwidth by utilizing this technology. Reducing the amount of bandwidth necessary for users to enjoy the Internet will make expanding the networks in developing countries much easier.
Facebook isn't the only company with a stake in connecting more people to the Internet. Google (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) wants more people using the Internet to search for information.
The company has taken several initiatives to expand Internet access all over the world. For example, Google launched "Project Loon" this summer, a network of blimps and balloons carrying Internet signals. At maturity, the project could connect over 1 billion people in Sub-Saharan African and Southeast Asia.
Google, Facebook, and Qualcomm are portraying their efforts to connect everyone as a humanitarian effort, that Internet access is much like a human right. Of course, all these companies stand to gain financially from broader Internet use. Google and Facebook own the three most visited websites in the world. (YouTube is third.) Increasing page views is their business and increasing eyes should be lucrative.
Qualcomm's interest in connecting everyone is just as self-interested. Most people, in developing economies, will be connecting to the Internet with their mobile phones. Qualcomm chipsets power the majority of 3G and 4G devices. If more consumers have access to the Internet, there will be higher demand for devices capable of utilizing Internet access.
Both companies rely on scale to increase ad revenue. Google has had trouble growing its ad rates recently, and in the last two quarters, the company saw its average ad price decline. Cost per thousand clicks or CPM was down 6% year over year in the second quarter, and 4% in the first. The second quarter average ad price also declined sequentially.
Meanwhile, Facebook appears to be growing its ad rates, as advertising revenue growth outpaces the growth in page views. Facebook's ad rates are still below Google's, however, and Google's recent struggles indicate there is an upper limit on ad prices.
The fact that Facebook is working hard to expand its addressable market before it reaches that limit will make it easier for the company to continue growing revenue at a rapid pace.
One way for the company to continue increasing ad rates is to help companies improve their ad conversion. This is particularly a problem on mobile, as its a relatively new medium for advertisers. Onavo can help in that regard with its Insights product.
Onavo Insights provides brands with advertising data points from thousands of mobile applications. This data can be used to help find best practices for mobile advertising, which can be copied and used to improve conversions. Facebook could offer this as a free service to its advertisers to incentivize them to choose Facebook as an alternative to Google, and to help it increase its ad prices in the long run.
A good buy
While the market might not agree, Onavo looks like a good purchase for Facebook. I believe the company will see significant synergies from the acquisition in the long-term. Onavo's data compression technology will make it easier to expand Internet access despite bandwidth limitations. Additionally, Facebook can use its Insights products to help improve its mobile product. The market's short-term outlook might have caused it to miss the point of Facebook's buy.
Think all the money in mobile's already been made? Think again!
The mobile revolution is still in its infancy, but with so many different companies it can be daunting to know how to profit in the space. Fortunately, The Motley Fool has released a free report on mobile named "The Next Trillion-Dollar Revolution" that tells you how. The report describes why this seismic shift will dwarf any other technology revolution seen before it and also names the company at the forefront of the trend. You can access this report today by clicking here -- it's free.

Barely two months after Greece received its second bailout, Eurozone market stress is back on the rise. Yet, unlike in other cases when such stress proved temporary, this time could reveal some painful similarities to spring 2011 as opposition from the hawks at the Federal Reserve grows. The combination of rebounding Eurozone bond yields, rising equity and currency volatility and a less accommodative Federal Reserve may be the required formula to drag EUR/USD below $1.29.
Spanish government bonds are becoming the latest new victim of bond traders’ typical one-country assault amid speculation that Spain will be the fourth recipient of a Eurozone bailout. At a time of deepening recession, Spanish authorities have selected “education and health” sectors for €10 billion in budget cuts. Cuts in these sectors have yet to prove successful or sustainable in the Eurozone. There is little surprise that the biggest Eurozone bond yield gainers are from nations that are not yet bailed out: Spain and Italy. Spain’s 10-year government bond yields are up 20% since the second round of the European Central Bank’s (ECB) Long Term Refinancing Operation (LTRO-2) was announced on Feb. 29. Also, Greek 10-year bond yields are up 22% since the country was granted its second bailout on March 9.
“The fear gauges” (below) shows how option-based volatilities, whether VIX (volatility on S&P 500) or 1-month volatility on EUR/USD, have deepened their decline (a positive dynamic for SP50 and EUR/USD) in the period between LTRO-1 (Dec. 20) and LTRO-2 (Feb. 29). Also during that period, market sentiment was boosted by liquidity-creating purchases from the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan, as well as further easing from the BRICs. Consequently, EUR/USD’s stabilization was attained as euro option 1-month volatility tumbled to its lowest since January 2008.
But this is now changing. Today, the hawks at the Fed are increasingly silencing the insistence by the doves to see more data improvement, while the ECB has not mentioned the LTRO in more than a month. The combination of protracted gains in Spanish government bond yields and rebounding volatilities (EUR 1-month volatility & VIX) would be needed to break through the euro’s floor of $1.29. The possible fundamental culprits for such an occurrence could be the following: IMF demanding further budget cuts from Spain’s planned €10 billion; new hawkish dissent at the June FOMC meeting or negative surprises in U.S. earnings.
And with U.S. earnings emerging on the back of a 10% rise in the U.S. dollar accumulating over the last seven months, the prospects for a negative translation effect on U.S. multinationals (more than 20% of S&P 500) may add more scrutiny to the Eurozone uncertainty factor.
On the Fed quantitative easing (QE) front, most Fed watchers agree that some form is required beyond this summer. Whether it entails MBS purchases, and how effective their use will be in maintaining consistency with a new form of Operation Twist (no net new issuance), remains to be seen. Currency markets meanwhile continue to subscribe to the notion that only outright QE from the Fed (increasingly unlikely) remains a key requirement for any notable gains in EUR/USD. Despite the unraveling challenges from Spain’s budget and the lack of clarity regarding the true size of the new and expanded Eurozone bailout fund, EUR/USD requires more bad news to break below $1.30 and ultimately drop under $1.28. Conversely, intermittent selloffs in the USD emerging from new hints of further Fed asset purchases seem to have tapered off around the $1.35 resistance in EUR/USD.
And with the months of April/May having proven negative for equities and EUR/USD in both 2010 and 2011, the prospects of a repeat in 2012 are considerable. The aforementioned dynamics could well serve as the fundamental catalysts.
Ashraf Laidi is Chief Global Strategist at FX Solutions/City Index, founder of AshrafLaidi.com and author of “Currency Trading & Intermarket Analysis.”

Calls for TransAlta to reduce emissions grew louder last week as an environmental group released a report detailing what it called an "extremely dangerous" level of mercury at the coal-fired power plant, about a month before the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is expected to propose new mercury-emission requirements.
Environment Washington, a citizen-driven environmental advocacy group, held a news conference Thursday at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Seattle office, in which it released findings in a report titled “Dirty Energy’s Assault on Our Health: Mercury.” The report warned about the effects of mercury contamination in the food and water supply.
Using data reported by TransAlta and compiled in the EPA’s Toxics Release Inventory database online, the report ranked TransAlta’s Centralia plant 125th with 361 pounds of mercury emitted in 2009. That was out of 134,365 pounds emitted nationwide.
The local number is unacceptable, Environment Washington field associate Kristen Dumas said.
“Washingtonians love the outdoors, and to think a number of people are relying on dirty coal that emits mercury into our most beloved places is just sad,” she said.
“The data backs us up in calling on the EPA to enforce standards until the state of Washington comes up with its own plan for emissions statewide.”
Read the full story at thenewstribune.com.

Designers were asked to submit a chic and modern design.
If you see a design that is not available for sale, please email us and we will help you purchase the design.
To link to this design on other websites, copy & paste this HTML.
A fun, scientific yet romantic way to say Save the Date
save the date cards, flowchart,
Cream, Black, Orange
Futura, Filosofia, Bodoni Poster Italic, Times New Roman, Mrs. Eaves
A7 Save the Date Card
Dec 11 2010
fun and well done. I really like the colors. Nice use of space too.
Just to cute and colour.!
great design and very unique!
geeky chic perfection ;)
This is so creative and well done!! This will resonate with many men ; ) Great job!
This is incredibly cool!!!
YES! --> 5
Hands Down best execution of a flow chart I've ever seen. Perfection. Perfection.
Incredible, one of my very favorites in this competition!
i second the geeky chic perfection... love it :)
This is so cool, and so true!
Totally! I love Wired and GQ in part for their awesome infographics and charts, and this is just spot-on!
Thanks everyone for your comments. I really appreciate it!
Love the thought you put into this. Really a fun read with surprises at every turn!
Send this design to a friend
Email sent to:
Your personal note (optional):
We uncover design genius through ongoing design competitions. At Minted, all that matters is good design. Designers submit, and the Minted community votes to tell us what to sell.
"Our purpose in life is to uncover exceptional design from all over the world and bring this to savvy consumers who won't accept anything else."
Copyright © 2016, MINTED LLC, all rights reserved

Columbia Offers Laurels to a Band of Poets
Published: September 23, 1990
Columbia University last week held a dinner to honor 18 poets, all graduates or faculty members of the university, in an effort to increase recognition of their work and their ties to Columbia.
''We honor our doctors, our lawyers and our scientists,'' said Dean Jack Greenberg of Columbia College, who organized the event. ''What about our poets?''
One of the poets honored, Alan Feldman, who graduated from Columbia in 1966 and now teaches at Framingham State College in Massachusetts, said: ''This is my true reunion. I know more people in this room than in my graduating class. This is thrilling.''
About 70 people attended the dinner last Tuesday in the Dag Hammarskjold Lounge of Columbia's International Affairs Building. Each guest paid $75 to hear Allen Ginsberg and Daniel Hoffman, both members of the class of 1948, and the 16 other honorees recite some of their poetry during the dinner.
Dean Greenberg, who was unable to attend the dinner because he was ill, said in an interview that he wanted to organize readings by alumni poets in the undergraduate dormitories every other month. One such reading, with four of the poets at last week's dinner, has already been scheduled for Oct. 3.
At the beginning of the dinner on Tuesday, the master of ceremonies, Kenneth Koch, a professor of English and comparative literature, urged the guests to keep their readings brief. ''You all have two and a half minutes -except for Allen Ginsberg, who can read for three minutes,'' he said.
Most of the poets, including Mr. Ginsberg, obeyed Mr. Koch's edict. Some nervously scanned their readings while their colleagues stood at a lectern in front of the room and spoke.
''Originally, I was going to read a poem I wrote as an undergraduate, but on the way up on the subway, I chickened out,'' said Ronald Padgett, of the class of 1964.
Some younger poets said they were greatly influenced by the older poets in the room - a fact few of the veterans would dispute.
''Most of these writers were in my imaginative writing class and I could have sworn they all graduated last year,'' Professor Koch said. Jeffrey Harrison, class of 1980, credited Professor Koch and Professor David Shapiro, class of 1968, for his decision to enroll at Columbia.
''They were probably the main reason I went to Columbia - besides the fact that my father didn't want me to,'' he said.
Professor Shapiro, who teaches at William Paterson College in Passaic, N.J., is better known by some for a photograph of him taken during the Columbia student uprising in 1968. In the widely circulated photo, a young Mr. Shapiro - not yet a professor - is in the student-occupied office of the university President, Grayson Kirk. Wearing a pair of sunglasses, he is sitting comfortably on President Kirk's chair with his feet up, puffing away on one of the president's cigars.
''That cigar was horrible,'' Professor Shapiro told the dinner guests.
Even at that age, he said, his artistic impulses were stronger than his revolutionary fervor, and he urged some of his fellow students not to damage the Ming vases in President Kirk's office. ''The other students regarded me as an hysterical aesthete, and I certainly didn't write my best poetry then,'' he added.
Most of the poets said Columbia had a singular quality that encouraged them to write poetry as undergraduates. ''We could always cut classes and go downtown and watch movies or go to a museum,'' said Philip Lopate, class of 1964.
Mr. Ginsberg said before the dinner: ''Things haven't changed too much. A student in New York City still grows up in a situation of diamond hell - an unbearable hell in every direction. But I think my generation was the first to get this vibe.''
After most of the dinner guests departed, the poets lingered, sipping cordials and chatting with one another.
''For the poets to be together - it's very important,'' Professor Shapiro said.

MAKE IT BETTER
Anyone who suffers from diabetes knows that the disease can seem to overwhelm every moment of their lives. Managing it becomes a full-time job with little room for error. But in The Book of Better: Life With Diabetes Can’t Be Perfect, Make it Better (Random House, 2011), author Chuck Eichten ’84 makes the case that diabetics should let go of an unachievable goal. Rather, he wants diabetics to reframe their challenge in a light that focuses on the things they can achieve and improvements they can make.
Eichten is not a doctor or researcher. His chief qualification for writing this book is that he has had diabetes for decades— including his years as a student at Santa Clara. His day job is as design director at Nike DNA, where Nike collects and tells its stories from the archive (e.g., the first shoe born of a waffle iron). And the book’s message is delivered in a highly visual style that mixes text and graphics more like carefully crafted posters than a painstaking educational tome about the disease.
Still, it would be a mistake to dismiss The Book of Better as lightweight. Indeed, it makes a worthy read for both diabetics as well as friends and family seeking to better understand what it means to live with the disease. Among his advice, Eichten offers strong advocacy for insulin pumps, devoting a large portion of the middle of the book to the technology. He cites his own use of an insulin pump as having brought him the “better” elements in life, such as not having to worry as much about when he eats. But Eichten also notes that because such pumps remain expensive and out of reach of many around the globe, he calls on manu- facturers to create lower-cost versions—and for diabetics to request them. Not a cure, certainly, but a step forward that would deliver the better lives that Eichten argues are within reach. Chris O’Brien
DOUGLASS THE AGITATOR
Both progressive Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall and conservative Justice Clarence Thomas have seen themselves as heirs to the political thought of the great abolitionist orator Frederick Douglass. How that can be—and what are the true dimensions of Douglass’s political philosophy—are the tantalizing questions Nicholas Buccola ’01, assistant professor of political science at Linfield College, tackles in The Political Thought of Frederick Douglass (New York University Press, 2012).
Douglass was born into slavery in 1818, escaped when he was 20, and went on to become not only one of most persuasive opponents of slavery but also an ardent champion of women’s suffrage, equal rights for immigrants, and universal public education. But a systematic political thinker he was not. So Buccola’s project is to uncover “the core commitments of Douglass’s political philosophy,” which, Buccola contends, were “remarkably consistent over time.”
In Buccola’s opinion neither Justice Thomas nor Justice Marshall gets Douglass quite right. Yes, Douglass promoted an idea of “self ownership” that can be read as a sort of up-by-your-bootstraps notion of personal responsibility. But from his experiences of slavery, Douglass also knew that such self-reliance can only work when there is fair play—which “meant that government had to play an important role in order to ensure that the social and eco- nomic rules were not rigged in favor of or against any particular group.”
Douglass seems to have been a much more thoughtful, nuanced political thinker and “agitator,” as he sometimes called himself, than we are used to today. He offered vibrant political and moral arguments, not sound bites. Buccola helps us understand how and why those arguments proved to be so powerful. Alden Mudge
The engineering work being done today was the stuff of imagination when the School of Engineering started a century ago. Where do we go from here?
Adventures with the Robotics Systems Laboratory by land, sea, and sky. And in orbit.
It took months of space flight for the Curiosity rover to reach Mars. And, to survive the heat of entry, it took a shield that a team led by Robin Beck ’77 designed.
Step inside the Patricia A. and Stephen C. Schott Admission and Enrollment Services Building.
It's only a game, right? Not if we're talking soccer and USA vs. Mexico.
Computer engineering major Katie Le ’14 becomes the first Bronco to battle in the NCAA women's singles tourney.

Thread: Fluval heater broke--dangerous?
01-08-2013, 11:56 AM #1Junior Member Guppy
- Join Date
- Nov 2011
Fluval heater broke--dangerous?
The Fluval heater in my 50-gallon tank broke right down the middle. Not sure when, I just woke up this morning to find it that way. Maybe one of the plecos hit it wrong.
I've removed all the parts and broken glass that I could find, but I'm concerned about the possibility of dangerous chemicals from inside the heater entering the tank. I saw some rust-colored water come out of the broken tube while I was removing it.
This tank just recovered from an ick outbreak last week, I don't want more fish problems if I can help it...any advice?
I'll replace the heater first thing today.
01-08-2013, 12:17 PM #2
If you had rust inside the heater that would indicate to me that it was leaking [& potentially not operating properly] for some time.
Rust is not good [It's basically oxidized Iron], Do a pair of massive WCs [80 or 90%] and hope for the best. You didn't mention the tank size but I would run some carbon also, Couldn't hurt anything.
Gas mileage isn't everything OIIIIIIIO
Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part.
Why pretend there are no stupid questions? Actually, There are many stupid questions: "Should I drink this bleach?" Is just one example.
Having said that, Just because it's a stupid question doesn't mean that it shouldn't be asked. It's better to know.
A warm beer is better than a cold beer. Because nothing is better than a cold beer, and a warm beer is better than nothing.
01-11-2013, 09:56 PM #3
The main thing to watch for, is glass in the gravel, not chemicals from the innards. I've never seen anything but inert materials in heaters and I've seen a LOT of them. Getting cut from a sliver of glass inside an aquarium is potentially serious.
If you should get cut or scratched - or have cuts or scratches when servicing your tank - pay more attention to the wound than you might otherwise.

Alexander is a counseling psychologist and best selling author.
Her books, 2150 AD and Macro Philosophy, and her Macro Study Series
have changed millions of lives.
in the 1996 50th Anniversary edition of Marquis Who's Who for her
work toward a better world, Thea has counseled, lectured internationally,
authored a newspapere column, and hosted a television interview
series. Educated as a counselor (Phi Beta Kappa), she invented a
new, succinct (two to six hours) technique of assisting people toward
achieving their potetial, called Personal Evolution Tutoring.
is featured in a number of books which describe the lives of people
who have made exceptional contributions to the well being of their
fellow man, such as The Aladdin Factor, and Finding the Great Creative
You. Her Macro Study Series addresses topics such as the nature
of time, prophecy, twin souls, soul mates, parallel lives, applied
Macro Philosophy, dream interpretation, and how to do Personal Evolution
credit classes have been presented on her books at many prestigious
schools, both in the United States and abroad, including Ahmerst,
University of California at Berkeley, and University of Texas, to
name just a few.
proudest accomplishment is that she raised two fine children - Bonnie
Ember Plym, R.N., who died Christmas Eve, 1997, and Donald Larkin
Alexander. Her greatest joy is spending time with her grandchildren,
Melody and Nathan Alexander.

SIZE CONVERSION CHART
Average Customer Rating
AAA+ Awesomely comfortable, Accurate sizing and Attractive. Just as described and are better than expected!!
Write a comment here...
Write a review, others want your opinion.
Please allow 48h before we publish your review.
Got a question? Someone out there might have the answer, or our staff does!
Please allow 24-48 hours for our staff to respond.
Life on Earth is good! Become an official Earthling by signing-up for our e-newsletters! As an Earthling, you'll receive updates on our latest products and news from Earth Footwear, Earthies and Kalso Earth Shoes. PLUS, you’ll automatically be entered into our Monthly Shoe Giveaway!
If you would like to be notified when the product arrives just fill out the info below!
Thank you! We will notify you as soon as we have inventory.

“And they shall make for Me a sanctuary and I will dwell among them.” (Shemot 25:8)
Our parasha discusses the construction of the Mishcan. The Mishcan was the portable sanctuary that accompanied Bnai Yisrael in the wilderness. Once Bnai Yisrael entered and conquered the land of Israel, this Mishcan – Tabernacle – was replaced by a permanent structure. This structure was the Bait HaMikdash – the Sacred Temple – constructed by King Shlomo.
Our passage contains the specific command to construct the Mishcan. However, Maimonides indicates in his Sefer HaMitzvot that this passage is also the source for the commandment to build the Bait HaMikdash.  Sefer Mitzvot Gadol – SeMaG – agrees that there is a commandment to build the Bait HaMikdash. However, he objects to Maimonides’ contention that the mitzvah is derived from our pasuk. He suggests that the proper source for the commandment to build the Bait HaMikdash is a set of pasukim in Sefer Devarim. In these pesukim, Moshe tells Bnai Yisrael that they will cross over the Jordan and inhabit the land of Israel. Moshe then tells the people that Hashem will choose a place for His Mikdash and it is to that place that all sacrifices will be brought.,  Rav Yosef Karo suggests that there is an obvious reason for SeMaG’s rejection of Maimonides’ position. Our passage is not discussing the Bait HaMikdash. It is specifically commanding the construction of the Mishcan. How can Maimonides contend that this passage is the source for the obligation to build the Bait HaMikdash?
It seems that SeMaG’s objection to Maimonides’ position is reasonable. Why does Maimonides insist on citing our passage as the source for the commandment to build the Bait HaMikdash? Rav Yosef Karo suggests that Maimonides position is based upon a problem within the wording of our passage. What is this problem?
In our pasuk, Bnai Yisrael are commanded to build a sanctuary for Hashem. There are two terms used in the Torah for “sanctuary.” These terms are Mishcan and Mikdash. The term Mishcan is generally used to refer to the Tabernacle of the wilderness. In our passage, Hashem directed Bnai Yisrael to build this Tabernacle of the wilderness. Therefore, it seems that the passage should have used the term Mishcan. However in our passage, Hashem does not tell Bnai Yisrael to build a Mishcan – a Tabernacle. He tells Bnai Yisrael to build a Mikdash. Why does the passage use the term Mikdash and not the seemingly more appropriate term Mishcan?
Rav Yosef Karo suggests that Maimonides is answering this question. According to Maimonides, the term Mikdash is a more general term than Mishcan. It includes all both the Tabernacle and the Bait HaMikdash. The passage specifically uses the term Mikdash in order to include both forms of sanctuary – the portable Tabernacle and the permanent Bait HaMikdash. It seems that according to Rav Yosef Karo, Maimonides maintains that our pasuk legislates the requirement to establish a sanctuary. This institution does not have a specific form. Instead, the structure of the sanctuary is flexible. This commandment includes the Mishcan constructed in the wilderness and the Bait HaMikdash constructed by Shlomo.
How are these different structures included in one mitzvah? Sometimes it is appropriate for this sanctuary to be a portable structure. At other times, a permanent structure is more fitting. The environment in which the sanctuary will be placed determines its form. When Bnai Yisrael were traveling in the wilderness, the nation was not permanently situated. It was appropriate for the sanctuary to travel with the camp. Once Bnai Yisrael settled in the land of Israel, the nation was permanently situated. At this point, a permanent structure became appropriate.
This is a reasonable explanation of Maimonides’ position. However, SeMaG raises an important objection to this position. The Midrash Sifri enumerates three commandments that came into effect when Bnai Yisrael entered the land of Israel. These mitzvot are to appoint a king, to build a Mikdash, and to destroy Amalek. It seems that Sifri is asserting that the commandment to construct the Mikdash – a sanctuary – is comparable to the other two commandments mentioned by the Sifri. These other two commandments did not apply in the wilderness. Similarly, it appears that the commandment to build a Mikdash did not apply in the wilderness. Instead, the commandment first became operative with Bnai Yisrael’s conquest of the land of Israel. It is interesting that Maimonides also quotes this midrash in his Sefer HaMitzvot. How can Maimonides’ position be reconciled with this midrash?
Maimonides explains that there is a fundamental difference between the Mishcan and the Bait HaMikdash. He explains that the Mishcan was originally constructed in the wilderness and was intended to serve as a temporary structure. When the nation entered the land of Israel, the Mishcan was established in Gilgal. It was then moved to Shiloh. The Mishcan was subsequently replaced by a sanctuary constructed in Nov. The Nov sanctuary was also eventually replaced by a sanctuary build in Givon. In turn, the sanctuary of Givon was replaced by the Bait HaMikdash. Once the Bait HaMikdash was constructed, its site became the permanent location for any subsequent sanctuary. The second Bait HaMikdash was constructed upon this location and the third will also be built on this site. In short, all of the sanctuaries build before the Bait HaMikdash were temporary. These sanctuaries were erected at a site for a period of time and then moved to a new location and sometimes even replaced by a new structure. However, once the Bait HaMikdash was built upon the Temple Mount in Yesushalayim, this site became the permanent location of the structure.
This distinction is reflects a fundamental difference between the sanctuaries that preceded the Bait HaMikdash and the Bait HaMikdash itself. As explained above, the institution of sanctuary is expressed in different forms. In the wilderness, the sanctuary took the form of the Mishcan – a portable structure. The sanctuary took other forms once the nation entered the land of Israel. However, all of the iterations of the sanctuary were innately temporary and precursors to the Bait HaMikdash. The Bait HaMikdash represents the ultimate and final form of the sanctuary. Once he Bait HaMikdash was built, it was the final form and site for the sanctuary. All subsequent sanctuaries are reconstructions of this King Shlomo’s Bait HaMikdash and built on its site.
This distinction between the Bait HaMikdash and its precursors resolves the contradiction between Maimonides’ position and the Sifri. Although versions of the sanctuary existed before the nation entered the land of Israel, the final and ultimate fulfillment of the commandment to build a sanctuary could not be achieved until the land of Israel was completely secured and the Bait HaMikdash was constructed.
Let us now reconsider the dispute between Maimonides and SeMaG. According to Maimonides, the mitzvah to build a sanctuary includes the Bait HaMikdash and all of its precursors. According to SeMaG, the commandment specifically instructs us to build the Bait HaMikdash. It does not include the precursor of the Bait HaMikdash. Why does SeMaG exclude the Mishcan from the commandment?
It seems that according to SeMaG, the Bait HaMikdash is a fundamental element of the sanctity of the land of Israel. In other words, the sanctity of the land of Israel has a specific structure. This sanctity requires that the land of Israel include as a central element the Bait HaMikdash. The Mishcan and the other sanctuaries that preceded the Bait HaMikdash were places for the offering of sacrifices and the worship of Hashem. But these structures were not expressions of the sanctity of the land of Israel.
Maimonides disagrees. He argues that the commandment to build a sanctuary was given in the wilderness. It was first fulfilled through the construction of the Mishcan. According to Maimonides, the sanctuary is a central element within the national community of Bnai Yisrael. This community first emerged in the wilderness. With its emergence came the requirement to build this community around a sanctuary. The appropriate sanctuary for the nation as it traveled through the wilderness was the Mishcan. The structure of the national community evolved and did not achieve its final form until the people possessed the land of Israel. In other words Bnai Yisrael evolved from a nomadic nation into a people with a land. As the national community evolved, the institution of the sanctuary evolved. Once the people achieved possessed the land, the nation became complete. The complete community required a permanent Bait HaMikdash. In short, Maimonides and SeMaG disagree on the framework of the sanctuary. According to SeMaG the sanctuary is an expression of the sanctity of the land of Israel. Therefore, the Mishcan and the Bait HaMikdash are fundamentally different institutions. According to Maimonides, the sanctuary is a fundamental element of the national community of Bnai Yisrael. Therefore at different times in the history of Bnai Yisrael, the Mishcan and the Bait HaMikdash have served as appropriate expressions of this institution. Of course, Maimonides acknowledges that the Bait HaMikdash is the ultimate form of the institution of a sanctuary. However, this is because the nation of Bnai Yisrael is only complete once it is in possession of the land of Israel.
In memory of my dear friend and mentor Albert J. Maimon Z”L.
May his soul be bound in the bonds of eternal life.
 Rabbaynu Moshe ben Maimon (Rambam / Maimonides) Sefer HaMitzvot, Mitzvat Aseh 2.  Sefer Devarim 11:10-11.  Rabbaynu Moshe ben Yaakov of Coucy (SeMaG), Sefer Mitzvot Gadol, Mitzvat Aseh 163.  Rav Yosef Karo, Rav Yosef Karo, Hilchot Bait HaBechirah 1:1.  Rav Yosef Karo, Rav Yosef Karo, Hilchot Bait HaBechirah 1:1.  Rabbaynu Moshe ben Yaakov of Coucy (SeMaG), Sefer Mitzvot Gadol, Mitzvat Aseh 163.  Rabbaynu Moshe ben Maimon (Rambam / Maimonides) Sefer HaMitzvot, Mitzvat Aseh 20.  Rabbaynu Moshe ben Maimon (Rambam / Maimonides) Mishne Torah, Hilchot Bait HaBeChirah 1:1-3.

The Mazda Miata is meant to be driven with the top down. That's why it was created, for top down enjoyment. Nik, the editor of Zoom Zoom magazine also knows this. That's why he drove the Arctic Circle to celebrate the Miata's 25th birthday.
Not much info to go on now, but Nik says he took his 1990 Miata across the Arctic Circle to celebrate the marque turning 25 years old. He also said he has it on film and it'll be out next week.
Photos Courtesy Nik Berg!

Rolling Stone --
Dave Brockie, founder and lead singer of outlandish metal band Gwar, died Sunday at the age of 50. The news was first reported by Richmond outlet Style Weekly and confirmed by the band's manager Jack Flanagan.
"It is with a saddened heart, that I confirm my dear friend Dave Brockie, artist, musician, and lead singer of GWAR passed away at approximately 6:50 p.m. EST Sunday, March 23, 2014," Flanagan said. "His body was found Sunday by his bandmate at his home in Richmond, VA. Richmond authorities have confirmed his death and next of kin has been notified. A full autopsy will be performed. My main focus right now is to look after my bandmates and his family. More information regarding his death shall be released as the details are confirmed."
Police were called to the singer's Richmond home Sunday night after responding to a call by Brockie's roommate. Brockie had already died by the time police arrived. Foul play is not suspected at this time, but a cause of death has yet to be determined.
"Dave was one of the funniest, smartest, most creative and energetic persons I've known," former Gwar bassist Mike Bishop told the paper. "He was brash sometimes, always crass, irreverent, he was hilarious in every way. But he was also deeply intelligent and interested in life, history, politics and art."
"I wish it was a joke," added former band member Chris Bopst. "Everyone is in shock."
Brockie had been in a punk band named Death Piggy that staged crude plays when he founded Gwar in 1984. After meeting band member Hunter Jackson, who had created props for Death Piggy and began work on the film Scumdogs of the Universe, Brockie used the outlandish costumes created for the film to form the joke group Gwaaarrrgghhlllgh. After numerous lineup changes and the shortening of the band name, Brockie dissolved Death Piggy and led Gwar, who released their debut album Hell-O in 1988.
The satirical metal band quickly earned a following for its macabre, over-the-top costumes and scatological, offensive lyrics, fashioning themselves interplanetary warriors descended from aliens who arrived on Earth to enslave and slaughter the human race. The band celebrated their 30th anniversary in 2014, having released their 13th album, Battle Maximus, last year.
"His penchant for scatological humors belied a lucid wit," said Bishop. "He was a criminally underrated lyricist and hard rock vocalist, one of the best, ever! A great frontman, a great painter, writer, he was also a hell of a bass guitarist. I loved him. He was capable of great empathy and had a real sense of justice."
In 2011, Cory Smoot, the Gwar guitarist known as Flattus Maximus, was found dead by his bandmates as they prepared to cross the border into Canada. Smoot, who joined the long-running band in 2002, had the longest tenure in the Maximus role and co-produced 2006's Beyond Hell and 2009's Lust in Space.
Here is a very NSFW video --

Affected by issues in the show?
Support for the issues raised can be found at our 4viewers site
Chilling real-time thriller, inspired by dozens of real-life cases, about a teenager (Maisie Williams) battling an anonymous cyber-stalker. With strong language and scenes that may upset some viewers.
Maisie Williams speaks out about the show and her experience of cyberbullying
Go behind the scenes of one-off drama Cyberbully in this exclusive video with Game of Thrones star, Maisie Williams
Watch the trailer for Cyberbully, a one-off thriller featuring Maisie Williams. 15th January at 9pm on Channel 4.
The acclaimed Game of Thrones actress spoke to Channel 4 about her role in Cyberbully

One person was killed and more than two dozen others were sickened by a carbon monoxide leak at a restaurant in a Long Island mall Saturday.
Rescue workers responded to the Legal Sea Foods restaurant at the Walt Whitman Shops shortly after 6 p.m. for a report that a woman had fallen and hit her head in the eatery's basement, according to the Suffolk County Police Department.
After they arrived, police and emergency personnel felt nauseated and dizzy and believed it to be caused by carbon monoxide, authorities said.
The restaurant was evacuated, along with two neighboring restaurants, and that's when the 55-year-old manager of the restaurant, Steven Nelson, was found dead in the basement.
Police said 29 others, including rescue workers and restaurant workers, were taken to hospitals. All of them had been released by mid-afternoon on Sunday.
Nelson had worked for the restaurant for three years and had two sons, according to Roger Berkowitz, the president and CEO of Legal Sea Foods.
"It's a shock, he was a great guy, we consider ourselves a family,'' Berkowitz said, adding that other employees were "traumatized.''
In addition to the Legal Sea Foods restaurant, two others, Panera and a Cheesecake Factory outlet, were evacuated as a precaution, even as the mall remained open.
A faulty water heater flue pipe caused the leak, authorities said. Huntington Chief Fire Marshal Terence McNally said the fumes were circulated in the basement by the ventilation systems at the restaurant.
The building was not required to have carbon monoxide detectors, and there were none, McNally said.
The carbon monoxide leak was "a wakeup call for commercial businesses'' and that monitors should be in all businesses, Berkowitz said.
Rescue workers who were hospitalized said the carbon monoxide made them feel lightheaded and confused, and that it was lucky that the woman who fell was quickly found because it resulted in the fire department responding and discovering the leak.
"It's fortunate that they found one patient early because that set into motion to get the fire department there to find out what the problem was," said Mark Cappola, a captain with the Huntington Community First Aid Squadron. "I can't speak for everyone, but personally, I think personally we were five minutes from really being in trouble."
Carbon monoxide is odorless and colorless and can lead to death by suffocation.
The restaurant was inspected last March, McNally said, and no problems found. Another inspection was scheduled for next month.
The company has been issued a citation for defective equipment. McNally said the flue pipe will have to be repaired before the restaurant can re-open.
--Michael George and Ida Siegal contributed reporting

Since Baltimore was the last of my ten appearances for 2009, I thought I'd mention the 2010 conventions I have lined up so far:
- SAN FRANCISCO: Wondercon (April 2-4)
- CALGARY: Calgary Expo (April 24-25)
- SAN DIEGO: SDCC (July 22-25)
But! Here's the deal: We can easily expand that list! I'll happily come to any convention that has me out as a guest. All you need to do is e-mail your local convention and suggest they have me out. It really is that simple: They *want* feedback like that. That's how the Calgary appearance came about, for example. So drop a line to your local convention: Let's get Sheldon out to your neck of the woods!

Eventide adds the PitchFactor to its effects pedal range 15/01/09
In a highly anticipated introduction that brings the soundscapes and creative versatility of Eventide's legendary Harmonizer to guitar pedal users of all genres, Eventide today unveiled the newest addition to its line of effects pedals: the PitchFactor Harmonizer stompbox. Here's what Eventide have to say about the new pedal...
The versatile PitchFactor showcases ten of Eventide's trademark Harmonizer pitch and delay effects as well as 1.5 seconds of stereo delay and simultaneous pitchshifting effects, which results in the most flexible stompbox in its class. PitchFactor features 100 stunning presets, instant program change, true bypass, tap tempo, three footswitches for immediate preset access, MIDI, and the lush, uncompromised Eventide sound known around the world. Useable in mono or stereo, with line- or instrument-level inputs and outputs, PitchFactor is adaptable to a wide variety of guitar or bass rigs, studio and live sound applications.
The effects featured in PitchFactor include: Micropitch, Diatonic Shifter, Quadravoxâ„¢, Harmodulatorâ„¢, H910/H949, PitchFlexâ„¢, Octaverâ„¢, Crystalsâ„¢, Harpeggiatorâ„¢ and Synthonizerâ„¢. Eventide has finessed these legendary effects into a full-featured, indestructible, cast metal performance machine that is small enough to fit on your pedal board or in your gig bag.
Commenting on the release of the PitchFactor is Ray Maxwell, Eventide vice president of sales and marketing. "Many groundbreaking guitarists have used Eventide effects to enhance their sound over the last 38 years, including Jimmy Page, Frank Zappa, Steve Vai, Brian May, Eddie Van Halen, Peter Frampton, Robert Fripp, and John Petrucci, to name a few. We are pleased to announce the introduction of PitchFactor at Winter NAMM." Pricing and Availability:
Eventide PitchFactor is available in March 2009 through premier guitar retailers worldwide and will retail at $599.

Episode 13: David Crane on life after Paris; GM goes electric
Power up! We're talking the future of energy on GreenBiz 350 — our weekly podcast covering the biggest news in sustainable business.
Finally, follow along with the stories, companies and initiatives mentioned during the show with the guide below:
GreenBiz week in review
A weekly roundup of the news you need to know about.
Tech has a new conflict mineral to contend with
Apart from so-called "blood diamonds" that gained infamy with a Hollywood depiction of human rights abuses at mining operations relied upon by global jewelers, the issue of conflict minerals has largely simmered beneath the surface of the push to clean up business supply chains.
This week, cobalt was named the newest material of concern in an activist report alleging that child labor is commonly exploited in pursuit of the metal used in many electronics. Senior Writer Heather Clancy explained in a piece on how tech companies like Intel are responding to the issue.
Are we witnessing a fourth industrial revolution?
An avalanche of new reports has been unleashed in the run up to the meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. This year's theme: the advent of a fourth industrial revolution "characterized by a fusion of technologies that is blurring the lines between the physical, digital, and biological spheres."
But no one said economic transformation was easy. An annual global risk report ahead of the Davos event pegs interconnected threats like climate change and water scarcity among the things businesses should be prioritizing. As Senior Writer Barbara Grady wrote, a PwC survey of executives from 83 countries ranked geopolitical instability near the top of the list.
Sure, you've heard of a company's environmental footprint. What about its handprint? Talent Show Columnist Ellen Weinreb weighed in on the trend toward quantifying a company's positive impacts on the world — an inherently difficult endeavor — in a piece on "Handprinting for employee well-being."
An in-depth look at two stories changing the game for green business.
David Crane is best known as a clean energy advocate and former CEO of independent power producer NRG Energy. As of this week, he's also the newest GreenBiz editor at large. Following a previous piece with the eyebrow-raising headline, "If I was right, why was I fired?" Crane this week penned a new column on "Doing business in a post-Paris world."
Crane argued that, "We are on the cusp of an era where, quite simply, it no longer will be acceptable for prominent corporations to be indifferent to sustainability in their energy consumption."
From electric bikes to rapidly-evolving electric cars, the market for emissions-free transportation is heating up.
Senior Writer Barbara Grady looked to Oakland for a first-of-its-kind electric bikesharing system powered by solar, while Senior Editor Lauren Hepler talked with General Motors Executive Director of Urban Mobility Peter Kosak about how the company sees electrification merging with a recent $500 million bet on ridesharing company Lyft.
What's new at GreenBiz?
News, events, webcasts — the list goes on. Keep your finger on the pulse of the latest in sustainability by keeping up with GreenBiz.
The State of Green Business, 2016
T-minus one(ish) month until we head for the desert. GreenBiz 16 runs Feb. 23-25 in Arizona, where chief sustainability officers from Fortune 500 companies will come together with NGOs and others to hash out the biggest issues in the world of green business.
Have a question or suggestion for a future segment? E-mail us at[email protected].
Technical direction for GreenBiz 350 by Sureya Melkonian.

Jump down to:
Futures Planning: Strategies for Action - March 2007
A Report on Telecommunities Canada (TC): futures planning
process, March 6, 2007.
Telecommunications Policy Review - February 2007
Garth Graham. IF WE ARE THE MARKET FOR INTERNET, WHAT SHOULD WE
DEMAMD? PCNA 2007 Summit Breakout Session: Telecom Policy and
the Future of CAP, Vancouver, BC, February 24, 2007. In exploring
alternative approaches to public policy debate on Internet use, this
presentation covers the advice that telco legal counsels are giving
to their employers, Internet Protocol as social contract, and Internet
use in development that sustains open systems of local learning.
Telecommunications Policy Review - August 2006
TC REPRESENTATION ON CABINET DIRECTIVE TO THE CRTC:
A representation from Telecommunities Canada with respect
to: Order under Section 8 of the Telecommunications Act - Policy
Direction to the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications
Commission. As published in the Canada Gazette, Part I, Vol. 140,
No. 24 - June 17, 2006. TC stated that the Telecommunications Policy
Review Panel's recommendations do not supply sufficient reason to
instruct the CRTC to alter its implementation of the socio-economic
development principles stated in the Telecommunications Act.
We noted that the key driver of change in the current communications
context is the Internet, and in particular Internet Protocol, not
"telecommunications." Then we made a number of recommendations
based on that perspective.
Telecommunications Policy Review - June 2006
Garth Graham. CANADIANS ONLINE - CREATORS NOT CONSUMERS: A critique
from a community networking perspective
of the Telecommunications Policy Review Panel's Report.
Telecommunities Canada, June 21, 2006.
This document was commissioned and accepted by the Telecommunities
Canada Board of Directors as background for discussion of public
policy issues related to the uses of the Internet for Canadian
Peter Frampton, Marita Moll:
"A brief guide to action the Telecom Policy Review Panel work."
Open Office Presentation(20KB)
Telecommunications Policy Review - May 2006
Telecom Policy Review: What's it all about.
Slide presentation to the Community Learning Networks Ontario Forum,
May 25-26, 2006, Toronto, ON.
Peter Frampton, Garth Graham, Marita Moll

Ok i need a good deck. Im losing every game all i want is the 2 credits for getting 1000+ because thats all i need to get classic deck and can finally public sale. My deck is Bristone, Darth, Dolly, Luba, Mini Mund, Platinum, Strynge, and Timber. Im thinking of going with Pirana or Nightmare but i only have 1 218 clintz Is there any cheap cards that can go with my deck from any clan? i just want to get over 1000 and get 2 credits. Im at 946
First if you want to use a Leader use Hugo instead, as for the rest its all useable not great but useable, I would replace Strynge with just about anything like: Astrid, Ludmilla, or Arkn. If using one of the later two you get a free star which can let you put in a 4 star instead of one of your 3 stars which can give you access to Saw or Anibal I would choose the later but Saw is a decent card if you play him right
Honestly, that is just an extraordinarily low amount of clintz to be working with. I would suggest looking for deals on cards and then selling them high when the prices go up a bit. Then you can start buying the staples for GHEIST, many of which are fairly inexpensive. (i.e. Arkn, Rolph, Methane, etc.)
Surely you can manage to bump over 1k with your cards now, yea? I was hitting 1.1-1.2 within the first week using the Junta/Sent starter set. Mike was a beast lolz!
Btw, I'm not one of them personally, but there are several really generous cats on here that like to share their wealth. Maybe someone will throw a Toro or Levi your way =D

Skip to Content | Skip to Store Navigation
Skip to Content
This map contains all the necessary information required by Algonquin Park's back country canoeists. This map shows lakes, campsites, portages, access points, plus natural and cultural history features. The reverse side of the map provides detailed information about planning your Algonquin Park back country adventure including park management messages, safety information, equipment requirements, etc. Paper (updated annually). 95cm x 95cm (37.40" x 37.40"). 2016/17. Are you considering purchasing other books as well? Check out the "SETS" we have created on our STORE HOME PAGE, selecting them may save you money!
All prices are in Canadian dollars. All algonquinpark.on.ca prices are applicable to online purchases only.
HST (5-15% depending on the Province) will be applied to all orders shipped to addresses in Canada. The exception are items marked with a ** which are only taxed at 5%.
The Friends of Algonquin Park, Box 248, Whitney, Ontario, Canada K0J 2M0
Charity BN/Registration #11923 4060 RR0001
© 2010 The Friends of Algonquin Park. All Rights Reserved
Join Us On

In 1918 a 15-bed hospital for contagious diseases was established for Ferris students. The 15 beds were housed in two large rooms, one for men and one for women. Located one-half block from the school, the hospital was well-equipped and was considered one of the most modern facilities in the state.
During the influenza epidemic of 1919, the hospital was filled to capacity. Students paid no extra charge for hospital care, except for the doctor and necessary medicine.
The 1919 Crimson and Gold said of the flu epidemic that the hospital's service at that time was of inestimable value, both to the student and the school. "Without its aid, many students would have been unable to receive prompt medical attention and trained nursing. It is a great satisfaction to know that in the future the health of the students will receive as much attention as if they were in their own homes."
On Dec. 1, 1919, a year after the armistice was signed, the community's Mercy Hospital, lodged in the former Northern Hotel, burned. The Institute's ROTC units assisted in removing the patients, in fighting the fire, and in aiding the firemen in keeping the fire away from the other buildings. For this work they received a commendation from the War Department and a resolution from the city commission thanking the men for their work.
But the Mercy Hospital fire brought still another "town-gown" benefit. Until the city could get a new hospital going, city residents used the Ferris hospital. There was, however, a misunderstanding between the Institute and the town over how much the city residents should pay for hospital care.
But the scope of the influenza epidemic soon forced Ferris Institute officials to limit public use of the hospital.
To provide adequate hospital space, several of the community's larger residences were pressed into service. Largest was the Doucette house, which provided 25 beds. This building, which stood next to where the present Big Rapids Post Office is located, was later the residence of the late W.C. Taggart.
These ad hoc facilities sufficed until the city hospital was established in 1926. That hospital forms a wing of the current Mecosta County General Hospital.
As a state institution, Ferris opened its first student health service in 1955, using one room staffed with two part-time medical doctors and a full-time registered nurse.
In the 1957-58 school year, the college opened a regular student health center which provided three part-time medical doctors, two part-time registered nurses, and a part-time secretary. To provide for this "spacious" facility which preceded the present student health center facility, one of the war surplus barracks which occupied what is now the parking lot behind the Prakken, Alumni and West buildings, was extensively refurbished.
During the fall term of 1957, 4,000 students availed themselves of the health center services.

Well, Paul's not kinda paranoid person, only he always lived in the town when was a Beatle, you know, the other Beatles ever prefered to live on the country-side. He was the most sociable of the Beatles. Even nowadays, he said that walks on the street like any people and without bodyguards(though I think it's a big risk!!), he only request them on stage or when he's moving on tours.
But he said also when soon after Lennon was murdered he get affraid of any stranger people that tried to get closer him.
Edited by - dsnito on 07/18/2002 12:03:38

Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system whose primary query language is Transact-SQL. The latest version of the Microsoft database platform is Microsoft SQL Server 2005 SP2, but Microsoft has for a while now been working on what was previously codenamed Katmai. Microsoft is planning to release the long-awaited Microsoft SQL Server 2008 (overview) sometime during the third quarter of this year.
At the Microsoft Worldwide Partner Conference, the company announced to partners that the new version is now listed on the August price list. Pricing is to remain the same as it is with SQL Server 2005. Various news sites took this information and ran with it: many began to report that SQL Server 2008 was becoming available in August, but this is not necessarily true.
Microsoft is still expecting the new version to arrive sometime in Q3. As Andrew Fryer put it on his blog: "Bottom line—It will be out sometime in Q3 when it’s ready," the fact that it is available on August's price list does not guarantee that it will become available then. It is entirely possible that the new version will launch just at the end of Q3 (late September), and even then, you can never rule out delays with Microsoft. Currently, the latest build is RC0 (released in early June). Once it is finally released, Microsoft has previously said that SP3 for SQL Server 2005 will arrive, hopefully in Q4.
- Andrew Fryer's Blog: SQL Server 2008, no definite release date

Revision as of 10:17, 13 May 2005 by Bruno (Talk)
stitchpanorama is a plugin for the gimp that allows you to merge two photographs together into a partial rectilinear Projection panorama.
You can add control points which are automatically fine-tuned (much like hugin or PTPicker). The photos can then be merged into a final output, one image remains unaltered, the other is rotated, blended and distorted to fit (similar to xmerge).
You can download the plugin from the stitchpanorama sourceforge page.
It's simple to use, though it doesn't do correction of barrel distortion - You could use the gimp Wideangle plugin or the Panorama Gimp plug-in to correct this first.
Since the output is limited to rectilinear Projection stitchpanorama isn't suitable for creating immersive images such as equirectangular Projection images.

ST. PETERSBURG — In 1949 she was 25, down from Michigan State and eager to hit the beach. So the young woman who would later become known as Barbara Hunting Hanley, who had just sat for days on a bus, took another bus to Pass-a-Grille — just to sink her toes in the sand, maybe long enough to see that great orange ball slowly sinking into the gulf.
There and then, she decided to remain in St. Petersburg.
Mrs. Hanley died March 18, at home, of colon cancer that had spread to her liver. She was 86.
As a feature writer for the Tampa Tribune, she interviewed many of the top names in the arts, religion and entertainment from Bishop Fulton Sheen to Gregory Peck to Ella Fitzgerald.
Colleagues and friends describe her as a good listener and an indefatigable hostess. She once invited a dozen women friends over for a gourmet lunch. But as the women rustled to stand up, longtime friend Pat Baldwin recalled, "She said, 'No, no, don't leave. I've invited your husbands for cocktails and dinner.' "
She was born Barbara Louise Horton in Logansport, Ind. In St. Petersburg, she managed the sportswear department at Webb's City, married James F. Hunting Jr. in 1952 and later finished her degree at the University of Miami.
Baldwin's husband, the late Times news executive Don Baldwin, once said, "If she can string words together, I'll hire her," Mrs. Baldwin said.
For the next four years, Mrs. Hanley wrote a society column for the Times under the name Sunny Sims.
Later, at the Tribune, she seemed to hit her stride. Over 18 years she wove together celebrity interviews with Tampa's social events in an accessible style.
"She didn't mind the off-color joke," said former Tribune colleague Daniel Ruth, now a St. Petersburg Times columnist. "I don't ever recall her ever dropping an F-bomb, but she wasn't offended by it. This was, after all, a newsroom."
She left that job to care for John A. Hanley, her second husband, who died of cancer in 1982. Cancer also claimed the life of a daughter, Holly, 38, in 2004.
Mrs. Hanley stayed upbeat through her book club and trips to New York with the American Stage Company. For more than 30 years she also authored "Social Foundings" for the St. Petersburg Yacht Club, which anchored on the last page of the club's magazine, Smooth Sailing. Mrs. Hanley seamlessly interspersed sailing news with upcoming parties and other club doings.
"I can tell you, members would be anxious to see Barbara's write-ups about our functions," said Robert Lovejoy, the yacht club's general manager. "If your daughter had her wedding down here, she would talk about the linens and the food, how pretty the food was, the flowers. She was a very astute person and detail-oriented."
Andrew Meacham can be reached at (727) 892-2248 or email@example.com.

Mini Flat with Terrace and WiFi
|地址||Via dei Sabelli, 00185 Roma, 意大利|
We have a 50sqm mini but independent apartment with private terrace at the front. It consists of a living room plus kitchen, bathrooms and a double room. There are two sleeping places, one double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living area.
Amenities include air-conditioning, heating, linen/bed sheets, washing machine, plates, kettle/water-boiler, cutlery, glasses, oven, coffee maker, cooking utensils, fridge, parking/garage, garden, internet WiFi and TV.
See you soon!
check in from 22:00 (10 pm) until 24:00 = 20 euro
check in CLOSE 24:00
The security deposit is €30 which will be returned if you have not caused damage and cleaned the kitchen (no dirty dishes, pots, glasses, cutlery).
NOT included in the price paid on Wimdu: optional parking (€20.00 per night for a car), -Internet wi fi Euro 3,00 for a day,detergent, tablecloths and napkins, sugar, salt, pepper and oil. All of these options may still be requested from us, by paying an extra fee.- air conditioning: 5,00 Euro al giorno
|Monthly rate for up to 2 guests||14999 CN¥|
|超过2位住客的价格||117 CN¥ 每晚每位住客加收|
C'était très bien, appartement agréable et très bien situé. Je vous recommande le restau qui fait l'angle de la résidence.
Vi har været godt tilfredse med at bo i Sabelli House. Meget hyggelig lejlighed. Dejlig restaurant/ vinbar lige ved siden af. Men vi var lidt bekymrede over at det tog lang tid fra vi havde booket den på nettet til vi kom i kontakt med udlejeren omkring udlevering af nøglen og hvornår vi ville ankomme. Det manglede badehåndklæder og vidskestykker, selvom vi havde fået at vide det ville i lejligheden. Vi fik dog håndklæder da vi spurgte efter dem. Vi kan godt anbefale lejligheden.
Sanne Palludan og Kasper Maden.
Vi boede i lejligheden i San Lorenzo kvarteret fra d. 11. april til d. 18. april. Vi havde et dejligt ophold der, og Bruno var meget hjælpsom med hvad vi bad ham om. Vi vil gerne bo der igen , når vi-forhåbentlig - skal gense Rom! Med venlig hilsen Bodil og Agner Boel.
The loft is situated in a lively part of Rome which is hip because of the University and students that live there and low on tourists.
Its close to termini rail station and has tram and buses close by.
Its a nice space with a small but compleet kitchen.
The bathroom is small and the shower is too small in size; when you're big you will not fit!
Another problem is thats it is noisy; noisy from other apartments and noisy because of the restaurant nextdoor who has a outside terras but where you also hear the kitchen rumor through te wall.
appt. was a little shabby, furniture not functional
friendly host, great Location
we loved the Sunna pattio
All in all a very nice apartment!
Metro/Bus lines 3 min. walk from apartment. Lots of Bars are situated near to the Apartment.
Ideal for a city trip in Rome!
Reception was very friendly, always available via phone if there were any questions concerning Rome or apartment.
Accommodation like on pictures! Terrace very big & beautiful!
Only negative thing: No elevator & water in shower is changing.
Organisation very good and friendly, rooms fine and clean. Shower very small and water temperature changing. Carpet in front of entrance door was smelling.
All in all very nice flat
The apartment in general was quite nice. 2 separate bedrooms with ok beds, kitchen equipped with all basics that you need for a short stay incl. coffee, tea etc., and a small bathroom with shower, WC and BD. However, we had problems with the water in the shower being cold every single day and thus always had to call the local agent, Andrea, to fix it. He was very helpful each time, came promptly and organised someone to fix it properly after our stay, but nonetheless this took quite a toll on our experience of the flat. Without this, it would have been a 5 star review. Andrea also recommended a great restaurant close by. Best aperitivo & pizza ever!

Disease Course in an IBD Cohort in the Era of Biological Treatment
The aim of the study is to do a 7-year follow-up of a consecutive inception cohort of 562 adults and children diagnosed and registered with inflammatory bowel disease in 2003-04 in order to evaluate the consequences of biological therapy in the treatment of IBD. The cohort is established after the implementation of biological agents in the treatment of IBD and the investigators hypothesis is that a) Severe disease course in IBD can be predicted by phenotypic presentation by serological, genetic, clinical and endoscopic characteristics to be used as guidance in the selection of treatment strategy and b) Introduction of biological treatment changes the course of disease in IBD and reduces the need of surgical procedures.
Methods: Medical records will be reviewed to register the use of medication, flare ups (medical and surgical) and hospital admissions. Diagnosis, disease localization and behavior will be evaluated. At outpatient visits patients will get a clinical examination, blood and faeces will be collected to biobank and patients will be offered an endoscopical examination. The Montreal classification, The Harvey & Bradshaw's activity index (CD) and the SCAAI score (UC) will be used to describe disease localization, extent, behavior and severity. An electronic database will be established in use of processing data.
|Study Design:||Observational Model: Cohort
Time Perspective: Prospective
|Official Title:||Risk of Surgery Among Patients Wih Ulcerative Colitis and Croh'ns Disease After Seven Years of Follow-up in the Era of Biological Treatment.|
- Surgical rate [ Time Frame: 7 years from inception (2003-04) ] [ Designated as safety issue: No ]The risk of intestinal surgery from inception (2003-04) until 7 years of follow-up in Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis
Biospecimen Retention: Samples With DNA
|Study Start Date:||October 2011|
|Study Completion Date:||June 2014|
|Primary Completion Date:||June 2014 (Final data collection date for primary outcome measure)|
562 patients diagnosed with Crohn's disease (209), ulcerative colitis (326) or indeterminant colitis (27) in the period of 1st of January 2003 to 31st of December 2004 in Copenhagen City and County (an area covering 23% of the Danish population).
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01468090
|Hvidovre Hospital, Gastroenheden 360|
|Hvidovre, Denmark, 2650|
|Hvidovre, Denmark, 2650|
|Principal Investigator:||Marianne Vester-Andersen, MD||Dep. of Gastroenterology 360, Hvidovre Hospital|
|Study Chair:||Pia Munkholm, MD, DMsc||Dep. of Gastroenterology, Herlev Hospital|
|Study Chair:||Ida Vind, MD, PhD||Dep. of gastroenterology, Amager Hospital|
|Study Director:||Flemming Bendtsen, prof. DMsci||Gastroenheden 360 Hvidovre University Hospital|

Roelof Temmingh has written a cool new application which provides individuals with the ability to do data mining of publicly available information. It's a cross-platform Java application called Evolution, currently in its second beta, and available as a free download.
UPDATE: Reolof Temmingh has removed the software from the website saying in an announcement "This is due to circumstances outside of my control. I am not sure how long this outage will last, but perhaps it will be permanent...
H. D. Moore of Metasploit fame raved about Evolution during his packed-to-the-walls presentation at Defcon XV in Las Vegas. It's an impressive piece of work, even if it is still beta, and sports not exactly the most intuitive GUI I've ever seen.
If you're not familiar with the term "data mining," Wikipedia says it "has been defined as 'the nontrivial extraction of implicit, previously unknown, and potentially useful information from data' and 'the science of extracting useful information from large data sets or databases.'"
Still don't grok it? Think of the NSA sifting through network traffic, looking for actionable intelligence. Or if that's too conspiracy-minded for your taste, think of trying to find something new and meaningful in the results of a Google search on Paris Hilton. Evolution is kind of like that, but more aggressive in finding results, and a lot more aggressive in trying to make sense of them.
If you want to run the latest version of Evolution on your own desktop, first make sure you have Java 1.5 or later installed, then download the tarball and decompress it. Enter the paterva_ic3visualizer subdirectory created by tar command and edit the configuration file evolution.conf found in the bin subdirectory. Replace the user names and passwords for the social networking sites that you have accounts at, uncomment them, and remove the entries for sites where you don't have an account.
You can start the program from the bin directory by entering ./paterva_ic3visualizer. A few seconds later, you should see an empty Evolution window appear. If you're running Mozilla -- you do remember the Mozilla browser, don't you? -- you're all set to begin your adventure, but if you're using Firefox, Netscape, or the Swing HTML browser you'll need to set the appropriate browser option the first time you run Evolution by clicking Options on the toolbar, and then clicking on System -> System Settings. From there, you can pick your poison from the drop-down menu for Web Browser. No other browser choices are available in the beta, so if you are using Opera or Konqueror, and you can't figure out how to make them work by hacking /etc/alternatives, you're just out of luck.
The Evolution GUI displays a toolbar across the top. Directly below it is a slider-widget to limit the maximum number of results, and a memory/garbage status display, which you can click at any time to force garbage collection. Beneath those two items is a large empty pane labeled Evolution Graph, which will hold the mining results. Along the right side is a column of three smaller panes: Graph Navigator, Palette, and Evolution Detail View.
The Graph Navigator gives you a thumbnail view of everything in the Graph. If that is more than can be displayed at once, a slightly darker shade of gray in the Graph Navigator is used to display the visible portion. You can navigate the Graph by dragging the darker gray window up and down or left and right in the Graph Navigator.
The Palette holds a number of Evolution entities. Some are infrastructure-related (domain, IP address, DNS name, and Web site) and some are personal entities (email address, person, location, phrase, phone number, and affiliation).
If you position the cursor over the Palette tab in the right-most column, the Palette menu will appear where the Graph Navigator had been displayed.
The Evolution Detail view shows you details about whatever entity currently has the focus in the Graph pane. Often, it will contain jumping-off points for your browser to link you to external sites for additional related information.
A trial run
To see how Evolution works, let's see what we can learn about a person. To begin, click and drag the Person entity from the Palette and drop it on the Graph.
It seems only fair to use Temmingh as the subject of our exercise. You can do that by double-clicking on "Name,Surname" in the Person entity box that appeared in the Graph after we dragged it there from the Palette, then typing Roelof,Temmingh -- with the comma and without any spaces -- and then pressing Enter.
Once we have a target we need to decide the type of information we want to learn about him.
Notice how the Palette pane has been reduced to a tab once again and that the Graph Navigation pane now holds a miniature map -- including the newly created Person entity -- of the Graph. Move the cursor over the Person entity in the Graph and the Evolution Detail View on the right becomes populated with information about the Person. Right-click on the Person entity, and a menu offering 24 different mining operations, called transforms, appears.
The lazy thing to do is to take the 25th option, which selects all the transforms. Let's do that and see what happens. By the way, I changed the limit for maximum number of results from its default of 5 to 10 using the slider-widget. That setting affects both the length of time it takes for the transforms to be performed and the amount of data returned.
Not much happens for about 45 seconds. A progress bar appears along the right side at the bottom of the GUI and the name of the transform executing displays next to it as Evolution moves from one transform to the next. When it's finished, Evolution populates the Graph pane with a couple of dozen new entities. If that's more than can fit in the pane on your system, a slider bar appears along the bottom of the GUI which allows you to scroll the pane horizontally to view the missing bits. As you do so, the Graph Navigator pane on the right shows you what portion of the Graph is being displayed, and what is not.
If you move the cursor over the left and top-most of the entities created by the mining -- it's for DNS name www.guildmusic.com in my results -- the first thing you'll see is a line pointing from the target Person entity to the DNS Name entity. The Evolution Detail View now displays information about the DNS Name entity. Right-click on the DNS Name, and Evolution presents three additional transforms you might want to check. Select the Website option, and a Website entity appears. Put the cursor on it, and the Detail View pane reveals its properties: the URL, a thumbnail of its front page, and the server type and platform. Move the cursor over the thumbnail image, and Evolution will start an instance of the browser specified in Options, opened to that site's URL.
The lines linking the entities provide a visual reminder of how each entity was created, and come and go as you move the cursor between the various entities. For example, the original line between Person and DNS Name disappears while you're working with the Website entity, and a new line between it and the DNS Name appears.
Here's a tip for viewing information in the Detail View. If you're trying to scroll down the Detail View pane in order to read additional information, but the pane empties when you move the cursor from the Graph to the Detail View, click once on the entity in the graph. The line to the entity, and the Detail View of that entity, will remain until you click somewhere else.
In addition to the DNS Name entities included in the results for Temmingh, there are also affiliations (ZoomInfo and GoogleBooks), email addresses, phone numbers, and other Person entities. One of them is Jeff Moss, founder of Black Hat and Defcon, and another is Tiian Van Aardt. Right-clicking on either of those two individuals brings up the same 25 transform options that we began our exercise with. I selected All again for Van Aardt, and after another half minute or so, I was rewarded with a whole new crop of entities in the Graph.
After just a couple of minutes, and a couple of clicks, I had already learned enough about Temmingh to piece together a picture of him and his associates. For one thing, he appears to come from a musical family. One relative with the same name is a well-known South African composer. For another, he is an acquaintance of both Jeff Moss and Tiian Van Aardt. Those names sound like they belong to a rock 'n' roll band, so we can probably conclude that they are all muscians, perhaps even members of the same band!
I'm joking, of course. But we probably don't even want to think about government bureacrats making equally inane calls based on much more sophisticated tools using all available data, pubic, private, and classified.
To clear the GUI of your current data mining so you can start a new exploration, click Edit -> Select All on the tool bar, and then either press the Del key or click Edit -> Delete.
One of the new features in the beta 2 release is the incorporation of the newly popular Wiki Scanner, which allows you to see who has been changing entries on Wikipedia. Here's a quick peek at what you can do with it.
After starting Evolution as before, select DNS Name from the Palette and drag it to the Graph. Then double-click on the default name shown and replace it with microsoft.com. Now right-click on the entity and select the IP Address transform. That provides you with two IP addresses for microsoft.com. Right-click on the first one and select the Net Block transform, then right-click on the resulting Net Block and select Wiki Edits. You might want to slide the Maximum Number of Results all the way to the right before you do.
The resulting entities show that someone from a Microsoft IP address has edited the Wikipedia entries for -- among other things -- linkage between Microsoft and SCO, the Chaos Computer Club, and Einstein's views on capitalism. Click on any of the results that interest you, then move the cursor to the Detail View pane. From there, you can go directly to a page in your browser showing the exact edits performed and the date they were made, or to a list of other edits made from the same IP address.
That should be enough to whet your appetite for more, especially if the idea of intelligence gathering -- whether for business, government, or personal reasons -- without breaking the law, and derived completely from public data, interests you. See the tips Temmingh has written for more things you can do with the current beta.
H. D. Moore was right -- this is a kick-ass application, just seething with power and potential. I will be following its development, and I suspect that many others will do the same, including a number of TLAs.
The addition of new transforms in the second beta, especially the one for Wiki Edit, proves the Evolution framework is mature enough to make transform additions into pluggable add-ons. It's scary to think how powerful this tool might become.
I asked Temmingh if he knew yet how he would license, sell, or distribute Evolution when it's finished. He said that he needs to make some money from Evolution or it will die. He is considering everything from advertising to subscriptions, or selling the GUI and transforms, or selling only the GUI and making the transforms open source, and he is open to other suggestions.
If he decides to sell the GUI, he is undecided on the price, saying only that "it needs to make sense for me to do it. While I love working on this, eventually we all need to eat."

Knights ready to storm Melbourne
Newcastle Knights' coach Wayne Bennett doesn't exactly wear his heart on his sleeve. So on the rare occasion when he sounds almost excited, it's a very good sign indeed.
Craig Hamilton from 1233 Saturday Breakfast spoke to the veteran campaigner in the locker room after the Knights' emphatic win over the Bulldogs on Sunday. (listen to attached audio)
When Craig asked the coach what, aside from the 22-6 result, was the most satisfying part of the game, the response was classic Bennett.
Bennett appreciates that the team played for the whole 80 minutes, "that they stayed at it all game" as he puts it.
"We defended everything that we had to defend," he says.
"At this time of the year if you don't do that, you're no chance of beating anybody.
"We started to nail it a couple of weeks ago, and it's getting better.
"Yeah, they're kinda gettin' the idea now, it's just about being patient."
The Knights will be up against some daunting statistics when they travel to Melbourne to play the Storm on Saturday.
The sudden-death semi against the defending premiers will be played at a ground where the Newcastle team have never won, after being beaten by the Storm in their last seven clashes.
Bennett concedes "the Storm is a team that's great at putting pressure on".
"We'll have to stand up to that and if we don't stand up to that, well they'll beat us," he says.
"There's a good vibe about these blokes, they're happy, they're playing for each other.
"If we turn up and play like we have here today, we're gonna give ourselves a real good chance."
That's about as close to a ringing endorsement as you're ever likely to get from Wayne Bennett.
- Australian Football League
- Commonwealth Games
- Horse Racing
- International Competitions
- Martial Arts
- Motor Sports
- Olympics Summer
- Other Sports
- Rugby League
- Rugby Union
- Sports Organisations
- Winter Olympics
- Winter Sports
- Disgruntled business owners front first creditors meeting of debt laden steel-maker Arrium
- Community rallies to take back park invaded by bats
- Gromor Mushrooms and labour hire firm TDS agree to repay 52 workers, who were underpaid in 2013-2014
- Bronson Macklinshaw from NSW has won back-to-back King of the Ranges titles
- Drones posing risk to aerial fire fighting operations

Flying Colours, the Canada-based completions, refurbishment and maintenance provider, has received approval from the Riyadh-based General Authority of Civil Aviation (GACA) to carry out maintenance work on aircraft registered in Saudi Arabia. The approval allows the company’s Peterborough, Ontario facility to work on aircraft from “this significant business aviation region.” The general approval GACA AMO #353F enables Flying Colours to undertake continuing airworthiness and maintenance work on a wide range of aircraft, including Bombardier Challengers and Global Expresses and Dassault Falcons. Flying Colours already has approvals from Transport Canada, the FAA, EASA, Caymans and the Isle of Man.
Flying Colours Gets Saudi Arabia Maintenance Contract
- October 29, 2012, 4:20 PM

Hong Kong: a place unlike any other
It's a place we've all heard of, but most know little about. And that's a small shame, because Hong Kong isn't "just another city" in China. Hong Kong is a landmark, moving the world forward, and is a focus for economists, urban planners, architects, sociologists and travelers all over.
I remember first learning about Hong Kong as a kid. I looked at the label on one of my awesome shirts. "Made in Hong Kong," it said. I thought nothing of it except that this was a far away, funny-sounding place populated by little, funny-sounding people.
That label revealed part of the story of Hong Kong, as well as its uniqueness. There's no place like it, and I've been itching to see it since I got to China.
Zhuhai and Hong Kong actually border each other by water. Sitting at opposite ends of the Pearl River Delta, a 70-minute ferry ride is all that separates us. On the day of my departure to Hong Kong, I awoke, gathered my things, and took the first ferry I could. All aboard!
The ferry was a medium-sized vessel with a large, indoor cabin holding maybe 150 people, all seated facing front. Interestingly, a Mr. Bean movie was playing on the two televisions up front.
Through the crowd, I squeezed my way off the boat and through customs. The ferry landing was on north end of Hong Kong Island in the neighborhood called Central -- the business district where that incredible Hong Kong skyline stands. From atop the bridge that stretched over the coastal streets from the ferry port to the city, I looked to my left and caught a view of Hong Kong public transport. Double-decker buses and double-decker light rail cars glided up and down the clean streets, delivering the dense population to their destinations. I made my way to the other side of the bridge, down to the street level, and began my tour.
Hong Kong's Central has its skyscrapers at your side tunneling you in as you walk its corridors past newsstands, food vendors and plenty of passersby. Taxis are as common as any vehicle, but there's also no shortage of luxury cars. Walking into a Louis Vuitton store, I saw how populated Hong Kong also is with and/or visited by rich people.
It"s not hard to see why: boasting the fifth, ninth and 14th tallest buildings in the world. The commercial success of Hong Kong is unparalleled. Here's one startling fact: When Hong Kong was handed back to China from the United Kingdom, the population of the country increased by just a drop in the bucket. But this pinprick of a region, relatively miniscule in size, increased China's GDP by 25 percent all by its wee lonesome.
I suppose I should've added historians to the list of professionals who eye Hong Kong. Its past of drugs, war, colonialism, economic success; the flight of Chinese mainlanders to its shores (by one of my student's uncles, no less -- he used a banana tree to swim the distance from Zhuhai --imagine that!), and finally, Hong Kong's return to China in 1997, all make its story like no other.
After a couple of blocks amid the giant buildings, I came across a city square. A statue of an Englishman stood proud, facing the pillared white government building surrounded by fountains, greenery and pathways. Another large park, complete with aviary, huge fish pond (with a bunch of turtles) and a museum or two lay just inland behind the fortress of downtown. Also located there is an old Anglican church -- a monument to Colonialism, but no relic. Because the ways of the West embedded themselves in the lives of the locals, within the church were Chinese worshippers.
After a length of walking about, my poor tootsies were sore. I decided to get off my feet and give another part of Hong Kong a shot. "I know," said I. "I'll take the subway to Kowloon." Turned out, what I thought would simply be a means to an end was quite an experience itself.
It was like time travel. To be in the tunnel riding under the harbor channel in the smoothest, cleanest, quietest ride you could imagine was a bit surreal. I felt like I was in a simulator of "what the year 2020 is going to be like."
Kowloon is a bustling international neighborhood opposite the channel from Hong Kong Island. Such energy it has! And this was no holiday or weekend; it was a Tuesday at 3:30, yet the scene was incredible: a rainbow of people representing Africa, India, Southeast Asia, Europe and the Americas all mingling about. Hundreds of people packed the sidewalks, and when the light changed, a parade of pedestrians and vehicles made their way. All this occurred with a backdrop of eye-catching awnings and neon signs signifying electronics outlets on every block, jewelry stores, guesthouses, small restaurants, you name it.
To be truthful, it got to be a bit much. No kidding, I had 10 Indian men approach me within a three-block walk, asking if I wanted a tailored suit. No. Nope. No thanks. Sorry. Not interested. (Unfortunately, I stuck out like a wounded baitfish to these sales sharks.) After a little while here, I headed back to the island in time to watch the sunset over the skyline from the ferry crossing the channel.
This, of course, just scratches the surface of Hong Kong, of all that I did and saw, including visiting a nearby rural island, speaking with Jehovah's Witnesses and Filipino housemaids and watching Argentine tango. See my blog articles starting here: http://newplateaus.areavoices.com/2011/05/05/hong-kong-a-different-kind-.... Or look for my book later this winter that includes a multitude of experiences and insights from in Hong Kong.
Brandon Ferdig writes a weekly blog at www.newplateaus.areavoices.com. This column is an excerpt fromhis blog during the year he spent teaching and traveling in China. His book, "New Plateaus in China," is due out this winter. Email him at email@example.com.

Concept fairies – Winter Fairy #2 – Ice Fairy
I’ve been wanting to do some very very styled darker fairy sessions for a while. I put together the whole session, start to finish, everything planned, which is really not the way I normally work. I was going for a bright, sparkly ice fairy for this one. This one I had a LOT of fun with. I made the wings and crown myself out of foamcore and pipe cleaners. They turned out really great when she was holding still, not so great when she was running. 😛
Ready to make magic for your little girl? Contact professional photographer Heather Larkin of Fairyography to schedule your daughter's session today! I am local to Athens, GA area, but I'm often asked to travel for fairytale photography and styled sessions nationwide! Email me for info.

September 3rd, 2011 by WCBC Radio
A Friday afternoon accident on Route 220 at New Creek sent four to local hospitals. The accident near Wal Mart involved two trucks in a rear end collision. Taken to the hospital were 54 year old Randy Housel of Keyser, 78 year old Lester Carr, Jr., of Scheer, and two minors. The injured were treated at Potomac Valley Hospital and the Western Maryland Regional Medical Center.

According to a decision of its Senate, the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens is suspending all of its operations.
The relevant announcement goes as follows:
“The Senate of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens in the extraordinary meeting of September 23, states:
-the fact that any educational, research and administrative operation of the University of Athens is objectively impossible.
-that the incomprehensible insistence of both the Ministry of Education and Religious Affairs and the Ministry of Administrative Reform and e-Governance which lead directly to undermining higher education and the young generation of Greece, the only substantial hope for overcoming the social and economic crisis in the years to come, cannot be accepted in any way.
The Senate of the University of Athens with regret informs the public opinion that the University is involuntarily forced to suspend all of its operations.
This University of Athens announcement was followed by an announcement more or less the same issued by the National Technical University of Athens (NTUA).
These decisions came after the Education Ministry announced that 1,655 administrative employees will be suspended from the universities around the country.

A bid for United Nations recognition of a state of Palestine is a last-ditch attempt to rescue troubled Middle East peace efforts.
The US has warned Syria it won't be able to deceive the world about compliance with a cease-fire that is just days away, as the violence continues.
Libya's interim leader says the country won't turn into an extremist Islamic country, adding a new government of experts will be completed next week.
Libya's interim rulers have declared the country liberated after an eight-month civil war, launching it into a two-year transition to democracy.
Palestine President Mahmoud Abbas and his aides have accused al-Jazeera of lies and distortion for publishing the "Palestine Papers".

BEIJING, Jan. 9 (Xinhua) -- China's first high-resolution, stereo mapping satellite Ziyuan III meets international standards, ridding the country of its reliance on imports of satellite images.
It was announced at a seminar reviewing the research and development of Ziyuan III held on Wednesday, one year after the satellite was launched.
China used to import over 90 percent of its remote-sensing data, according to the seminar.
The launch of Ziyuan III has enhanced the country's capability to capture space remote-sensing images, bolstered state security and boosted the geo-information industry.
Also according to the seminar, China plans to build a remote-sensing mapping satellite system in 10 to 15 years. Three follow-up mapping satellites are already in the pipeline.
The Ziyuan III 02 satellite is likely to be launched in early 2014, allowing the two orbiters to form a network, so that real-time data on any given point on earth can be retrieved throughout the day.
The satellite, a high-resolution remote-sensing satellite for civilian use, was launched on Jan. 9, 2012. It is expected to compete with its foreign counterparts that currently dominate the country's hi-res remote-sensing and mapping market.
The satellite is tasked with offering services to aid the country's land-resources surveys, natural-disaster prevention, agricultural development, water-resources management and urban planning.
It has a designed life expectancy of five years.

NEW YORK, Feb. 1 (UPI) -- Singer Leslie Carter, the 25-year-old sister of recording artists Nick and Aaron Carter, has died in upstate New York, her family said.
"Access Hollywood" confirmed her Tuesday death but said no details regarding the cause were immediately available.
Best known as a cast member with her siblings in the reality series "House of Carters" and leader of the band The Other Half, Leslie Carter also recorded the song "Like Wow!" for the 2001 "Shrek" movie soundtrack.
She was married and the mother of an infant daughter at the time of her death.
"Our family is grieving right now and it's a private matter. We are deeply saddened for the loss of our beloved sister, daughter, and granddaughter, Leslie Carter," the Carter family said in a statement issued to "Access Hollywood" Tuesday night. "We request the utmost privacy during this difficult time."
Nick Carter is a member of the Backstreet Boys. Aaron Carter is a solo artist and actor.

Purpose: To compare estimates of change in percent body fat (Δ%BF) between DXA and BIA8 in abdominally obese women.
Methods: Six-month longitudinal study of 106 women (baseline: age 48.2 ± 7.6 yr; BMI 30.4 ± 2.9 kg·m−2; %BFDXA 45.8 ± 3.6%) participating in an exercise-oriented behavior-change program (walking and bicycling). Fatness was measured by DXA and Tanita BC-418 (BIA8). Agreement between methods was assessed, and regression analysis was used to find predictors of the deviation between methods for estimating changes in fat mass percentage.
Results: The methods differed significantly, both at baseline and follow-up (−5.0 and −4.4%BF, respectively; both P < 0.001). The mean Δ%BF was −1.1 ± 2.5%BFDXA and −0.5 ± 2.2%BFBIA8 (mean difference between methods 0.6 ± 1.8%BF; P < 0.001; 95% limits of agreement −3.0 to 4.2%BF), with a range of −14.8 to 3.3%BFDXA and −9.4 to 3.5%BFBIA8. Approximately 49% of the variation in the difference between methods was explained by variations in age (β = −0.05; P = 0.006), ΔBMI (β = 0.98; P < 0.001), and Δ%BFDXA (β = −0.71; P < 0.001), indicating that the larger the change, the greater the discrepancy between methods.
Conclusion: The difference between methods regarding Δ%BF was statistically significant, but it was of small magnitude. However, with increasing Δ%BF, increasing discrepancies were observed, implying that the BIA equipment may have limited validity for detecting larger fat losses. Both clinicians and researchers may benefit from awareness of this potential limitation.

There are many ways to approach the problem of limited access to essential pain medicines. Our work centers on the mechanism of access approach and we've developed a MORPHINE framework to describe how we think about and tackle problems in different countries.
The world is full of problems we can't solve. Millions suffer from diseases that will require new discoveries or inventions to treat. But more than 200 years ago, we developed a safe, plentiful, inexpensive, and effective drug to safely treat moderate or severe pain.Follow @treatthepain

Not recommended for storing CDs or other electronic storage devices.
Technical Information: Stack-On 8-Gun Safe with Combination Lock
Fire Protection Rating: N/A
Safe Height: 53"
Safe Width: 15-1/2"
Safe Depth: 12-3/8"
Safe Weight (Empty): 120 lbs.
$10 off your first order! View Details

Name 2 Microsoft programs (not dev tools) that use MFC. Did you say Paint and Wordpad?
Great, name another....I'm waiting...nope...Scribble doesn't count!
Name a shipping Microsoft application built on the .Net framework....that isn't a 'sample' application.
In all seriousness, I have heard a friend or two mention that Microsoft uses completely different libraries (and sometimes private/secret API's) for app development and the rest of us get the stuff that ships with Visual Studio.
The anecdotal evidence seems to support this at least to some degree as I just don't see a lot of production MS apps based on MFC or .Net. Is this just a misconception? Does Microsoft have a 'secret' set of libraries they use internally for all the cool docking toolbars and fancy windows we see in MS products? Am I asking too many questions?
Does a Microsoft developer sit down and use VS.NET all day like I do? Using the shipping .Net framework classes, or the shipping MFC? Or do they have 'special' development environments not suitable for the public?
I dunno. I suspect much of the problem for "office" style toolbars and menus is the accumulated "cruft" of a non-designed solution. i.e. It needs a lot of refactoring to make it generically useful
Once upon a time I assume there was a plan to do some serious work on MFC as certain editions of the class map in MSDN had a "CDockWnd" in the diagram (Note name is almost certainly wrong)
To do those kinds of things last time I used BCGsoft, next time it'll be Ghengis (Thanks chris & co)
Whidbey does seem to have a few more of these things built in, but in general I suspect MS use them just with different libraries.
MS say that in surveys most UI designers admit to just ripping off the current version of Office, so Offices UI will always be the next generation.
What should be interesting is the side effects of the "Microsoft Business Framework" which has gotten spun out the Great Plains/Navision mergers and where that ends up going. The powerpoints from the PDC seem to imply there's a report engine and a new forms editor which may mean that this whole area gets properly "componentised" as the resellers will need to modify the code for end users.
>>Name 2 Microsoft programs (not dev tools) that use MFC. Uh... FrontPage... Oh jeeze. Good question! >>Name a shipping Microsoft application built on the .Net framework.... Commerce Server 2004, SQL Server Reporting Services, Project Server.... There is a pretty cool sounding stack called Genghis that Chris Sells is somehow involved with. That's not exactly a secret weapon, though.
"Does a Microsoft developer sit down and use VS.NET all day like I do? Using the shipping .Net framework classes, or the shipping MFC? Or do they have 'special' development environments not suitable for the public?"
I am a Microsoft software engineer and a Channel 9 guy (one of the two developers on the Channel 9 team. Channel9 was written completely in C# and bad HTML, which we will fix... Visusal Studio and Visual Source Safe are the only tools used, plus a windows form app that I wrote to get the moblog pictures up to the site).
Visual Studio 2003 is running from the time I start up in the morning to the time I shut down in the evening (or the next morning, depending on the situation...). The VS.NET IDE is the best IDE I have ever used. As for secret tools or secret APIs, no. You get the best we have to offer, just as I do.
Yah I think the best gauge for the quality/trustlevel of a tool is when the developer is "dog foodin it"
I think like any other company, including MS, it's going to take time to start seeing complete .NET applications rolling out. I think they will be much more aggresive then your average company out there in migrating to .NET because they have to be able to say "look we use/trust it" but to be honest I'd rather and I think most customers would rather see the next version of a product with more features then the same product rewritten in .NET w/o any new features. This would be cool for developers but would not make much sense from a business perspective when it's new features that drive a customer to upgrade/purchase not that it was developed using the latest and greatest technology.
We're doing new development in my company with .NET and some updates to existing applications in .NET to take advantage of what .net offers and the improved development toolset(language and IDE) but if our existing stuff ain't broke I can't really justify porting it just to port it and I'm thinking that MS probably has a similar philosophy.
I'm sure MS has some custom tools just like any other company out there but it is good to see that they are using there own tools
Yes, Microsoft uses custom tools like all dev companies: All development teams and many developers at Microsoft write custom tools to make their lives easier. But a custom tool is not a product. It's just a tool that has a very specific purpose that may or may not evolve into a product. To achieve product status at Microsoft, your tool needs to be incredible...
In terms of Microsoft porting unmanaged applications to managed, sure, some applications can't be ported yet, but make no mistake, it is a clear goal of every single product team at Microsoft to incorporate .NET in any new product or product update. In some cases this is really hard to achieve, but for most of our products, new managed apis will become core to the product. You can bet on this. We did.
The fact that you sit in front of VS.NET all day like I do actually makes me very happy! It creates some sense of kinship...even if it's just in my head .
And even if folks are complaining about your adherence to HTML, this site has been rock solid since you put it up (at least from my perspective).
There's a lot to be said for that.
Another important point...
When creating a new version of .NET, you don't have tools like Visual Studio ready until late in the cycle. Other supporting test tools, profilers and the like have to be written to support development before the Visual Studio team can complete their work.
I for one think that what most customers really want is for us to build the best software we possibly can regardless of the tools that we use to build it. With the size and scale of development that we have going on here, there are requirements that very few other companies need. This is why many of the internal tools that we use are simply not suitable to ship as product.
We are actually not allowed to use "secret" APIs. Everything we use has to be public interfaces that anyone else can use.
Post removed at user's request.
this is an interesting question...i imagine you will get all kinds of answers...
I'm a dev in the directory services group of windows, and i pretty much use visual studio 100% of the time in my day to day work when writing code. For longhorn stuff it's whidbey builds, for win2k3 its everett.
One of our products ( uddi ) is essentially a .net 1.1 application on top of sql, so the web-service integration / debugging features in .net are really useful. For the harder multithreading / interop debugging issues, i find nothing beats windbg / ntsd + sos at the end of the day though, so use those now and again...
Of course this is microsoft, so there are those hardcore types who debug without symbols, and use notepad as their editor of choice ( they do exist, believe me ), but i've never really aspired to such giddy heights...
Offical builds are all command driven through scripting magic of course, but day to day studio is it in my case...
Do we use VS.Net to write VS.Net?
Why of course we do
I usually have 2 installs of VS on each of my dev machines: the one I'm working on and the one that I use to debug and edit with. I have VS projects for the DLL's that I work on and all my UI work is done in the Winforms designer. I work on our resources files with our new resources editor as well. The only thing that I don't do in VS is build. Our build system dates back to the NT days and is pretty standard across MS.
I *love* Visual Studio. I *love* Whidbey. Every week I stumble on one or two features that really knock my socks off and I can't wait to get it in the hands of developers around the world.
Speaking of which, I have some bugs to get back to...
Post removed at user's request.
Maybe this could be an idea for an upcoming video. What is the typical PC a developer gets work with at Microsoft? What tools do you typically use? What is the work environment like? Are you crammed into cubicles Dilbert style or just chained to the oars?
Most of the devs at MS have offices. Offices with doors. A lot of them have offices with windows as well as doors. When I think of my dev days at Digital and the cubes we worked in I can't get over the difference. I mean nice offices, free soft drinks - does it get any better than that?
Here's my view from the trenches in windows...
one thing we do get is good kit. as you'll know developers love kit more than anything else - food, personality, hygene etc - so this is a good thing.
I've a dual 2.8 xeon with lots of ram etc as my primary dev box, an itanium-2, and a quad AMD64 in my office + 3 quad lab boxes for test etc hosted remotely.
Tools i typically use are vs, windbg, ntsd, cordbg etc + the usual debugging friends ( heapmon, regmon, filemon etc )
work environment in my experience is very flexible. I probably work from home 30% of the time ( it's been all 4 days this week so far ) , otherwise it's the office. I've been here long enough to have a window, which is cool...but hardly ever look out...
all the tools we use for official checkin / build etc are command line driven, and seeped in history and lore ....they are very cool but it's heavy perl etc and i never did learn to effectively read that...
i can build windows on my machine by typing a single command though, which is pretty cool...
time wise it's typical dev stuff...sometimes it's quiet, and sometimes its completely crazy 7day weeks, you know how it is...
I'll definitely try to cover that in videos in the future.
Most developers get their own office, by the way. There is not a single cubicle that I know of on campus and I've been in most of the buildings.
Some developers are doubled up in offices. Space is getting tight in many buildings (we're almost finished with building 36, which'll house hundreds of people).
Machines? They range all over. The really hot people have a 200 DPI IBM monitor that costs $8500 (Bill Hill has one of those on his desk). Driven by 3GHz Dell machines.
Some devs have multiple machines/multiple monitors in their offices.
We use the same compilers but we the reason we don't build from VS is because that has the latest and greatest bits but also the most unstable. We build using a last known good compiler that gets updated much less regularly than everyday. That's the fun of writing the compiler, the platform, and the tools all at the same time (and writing the tools in the new languages for the new platform!).
As far as the build system goes, it's ancient ways are best left to those who know it's secret incantations . Well, its not that bad but there are whole teams dedicated to getting our daily builds done and I have nothing but respect for the feats they pull off each day. I wish I could tell you more but I haven't plumbed the depths of our build system too far...yet...
Post removed at user's request.

Computer containing new scripts stolen
Five armed burglars broke into Francis Ford Coppola’s Buenos Aires HQ on Wednesday, subdued a collaborator of the filmmaker and stole a camera and computers.Helmer, whose upcoming pic is “Youth Without Youth,” was not in at the time, but the stolen computers had the script for his next production, police said Thursday.
The house in the artsy, leafy district of Palermo doubles as the base for his production outfit in Argentina.
A Coppola spokeswoman in the capital told the Argentine media that a reward would be offered for the return of the script and “a lot of the creative work” on the computer. The thieves also took the backup copy of the contents.
Coppola is preparing to shoot early next year the Argentine family saga “Tetro” with Matt Dillon toplining. Coppola, who also penned the screenplay, will produce through his American Zoetrope shingle.
Story revolves around an artistic immigrant family marred by fierce rivalries handed down through several generations.

Wu, Nishioka, Fujita et al.: "Expression of cytokeratin 19 in human hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines." in: International journal of oncology, Vol. 20, Issue 1, pp. 31-7, 2001 (PubMed).
Schiller, Franke, Geiger: "A subfamily of relatively large and basic cytokeratin polypeptides as defined by peptide mapping is represented by one or several polypeptides in epithelial cells." in: The EMBO journal, Vol. 1, Issue 6, pp. 761-9, 1984 (PubMed).
Franke, Schiller, Hatzfeld et al.: "Protein complexes of intermediate-sized filaments: melting of cytokeratin complexes in urea reveals different polypeptide separation characteristics." in: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, Vol. 80, Issue 23, pp. 7113-7, 1984 (PubMed).
Hanukoglu, Fuchs: "The cDNA sequence of a Type II cytoskeletal keratin reveals constant and variable structural domains among keratins." in: Cell, Vol. 33, Issue 3, pp. 915-24, 1983 (PubMed).
Moll, Franke, Schiller et al.: "The catalog of human cytokeratins: patterns of expression in normal epithelia, tumors and cultured cells." in: Cell, Vol. 31, Issue 1, pp. 11-24, 1983 (PubMed).
Tseng, Jarvinen, Nelson et al.: "Correlation of specific keratins with different types of epithelial differentiation: monoclonal antibody studies." in: Cell, Vol. 30, Issue 2, pp. 361-72, 1983 (PubMed).
Fuchs, Coppock, Green et al.: "Two distinct classes of keratin genes and their evolutionary significance." in: Cell, Vol. 27, Issue 1 Pt 2, pp. 75-84, 1982 (PubMed).
Bosch, Leube, Achtstätter et al.: "Expression of simple epithelial type cytokeratins in stratified epithelia as detected by immunolocalization and hybridization in situ." in: The Journal of cell biology, Vol. 106, Issue 5, pp. 1635-48, 1988 (PubMed).

Restoration of a vast tract of salt cedar-choked land on the south end of the Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge to productive wetlands and wildlife habitat was the life dream of the late John Taylor, senior biologist at the refuge for nearly 20 years. The restoration was well under way upon his untimely death in 2004, and the project has advanced dramatically since, following Taylor's vision. The John Taylor Water Management Project will deliver water to the 1,798-acre redeveloped area, including 78 irrigated agricultural acres within the restored area. Phase II of the project restored 146 acres of flooded riparian forest, 216 acres of seasonally flooded wetlands and 373 acres of xeric grass/shrub-land on the southernmost portion of the refuge.
Ducks Unlimited and its partners removed invasive salt cedar and added levees and water-control structures, allowing refuge staff to manage the area around Taylor Water Management Project to benefit waterfowl, shorebirds and a host of other wetland-dependent wildlife.
Tens of thousands of birds—including more than 10,000 sandhill cranes, more than 20,000 Ross's and snow geese and many duck species—gather each fall and winter at Bosque del Apache NWR. An annual "festival of the cranes" is held the weekend before Thanksgiving as large numbers of cranes begin arriving at the refuge. Hunting and bird watching are both popular recreation on the refuge.
This project was funded in part by a North American Wetlands Conservation Act (NAWCA) grant.
Partners: U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, North American Wetlands Conservation Council, Rio Grande Agricultural Land Trust, Freeman Electric, New Mexico Department of Game and Fish, Valencia Soil and Water Conservation District, Pueblo de Sandia, Pueblo de Cochiti, Save Our Bosque Task Force, City of Albuquerque/University of New Mexico, New Mexico State University, Friends of the Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge, Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District, several private landowners and Ducks Unlimited

This hotel doesn't have any reviews yet.
About the hotel
Jinjiang Inn New Lingang Harbor is the first green economy hotel in China. It is located at “charming city ” of Yangshan Deep Water Port --- the lakefront of Di -Shui lake. Keep away from noise, enjoy refreshing and quiet.
Jinjiang Inn New Lingang Harbor is surrounded by the largest artificial lake—Di-Shui Lake, Nanhui Guanhai Park, Nanhui Tourist Resort (Flower Harbor, Golf Field, Forest Park,etc. ),Donghai Bridge, Yangshan Deep Water Port, etc. The sightseeing room is the best place to see sunrise in Shanghai. This hotel is the newly designed green hotel product, has 100 quality rooms; including standard and king size business rooms as well as business suites. To guarantee your comfortable hotel experience, we highlight the high quality-sleeping package and uncomplicated room designs. You can also enjoy the nutritious and healthy meals in the beautiful elegant restaurant enough to hold over 200 people together for dinner. The restaurant not only provides inexpensive and delicious daily meals, but also can involve high-quality luxury feasts. Situated off the striking hotel lobby, the hotel includes kinds of conference rooms providing complete facilities for your next company or training meeting. You should trust Jinjiang Inn as the professional hoteliers, to meet your traveling expectations for a clean, comfortable, healthy and safe hotel experience. Jinjiang Inn New Lingang Harbor is an ideal resting place for business travelers or tourists alike.
- In room facilities
- Air conditioning in rooms , Tea/Coffee making facilities in each room , Telephone In Each Room
- Hotel services
- 24 Hour Reception , Concierge , Laundry/Valet Service , Wake Up Call Available
- Parking (charges may apply)
- Car parking available onsite
- In room entertainment
- TV , [Channels] News
- Smoking allowed in public areas , Smoking allowed in bedrooms
- Porter , Lift to all floors , Public Air Conditioning
Useful Info Show/hide
- From 12:00 hours
- Until 12:00 hours
- The price shown is based on the occupancy and dates you have searched for. Prices and availability are subject to change based on the arrival date, number of nights and occupancy searched for. All prices are inclusive of all local taxes.
- Pets are not allowed
Our reviews are from genuine LateRooms.com customers. We verify that the customer has stayed before leaving a review.
No reviews yet

Federal and state officials raised questions Wednesday about some eastern New Mexico communities’ ability to pay for their share of the renewable water delivery system proposed by the Eastern New Mexico Rural Water Authority.
The authority has been created to develop a pipeline project to distribute water from Ute Reservoir to communities in Curry, Quay and Roosevelt counties.
U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and the state Interstate Stream Commission comments came during a discussion at an ENMRWA board meeting in Melrose of the project’s conceptual design report being developed by Roswell-based Smith Engineering Co.
Miguel Rocha, a planning team member with the Bureau of Reclamation, told the board that a more rigorous analysis of each participating community’s ability to pay should be included in the report.
“When you look at the project as a whole, on a regional basis, it’s viable. But when you it break down to the individual communities, some can’t afford it,” Rocha said.
He said the ENMRWA-founded study states that $2.6 to $4.9 million for the project will be obtained from commercial water users in the counties, in addition to money from communities’ taxes and water bills. While the study distributes commercial users’ contributions throughout the three counties, most of the commercial users are located in Clovis, Portales and Tucumcari, he said.
The financial problems could occur when small communities struggle to pay their share of the project’s operation and maintenance costs after it goes on line, Rocha said.
For example, Melrose, which has enacted a one-quarter percent gross receipts tax increase to help pay for its costs, would have to raise gross receipts taxes by between 4 and 15 percent to fully cover the costs, even when a percentage of the area’s total commercial capability is added to those payments, he said.
Doug Murray of the Interstate Stream Commission said his agency has reached the same conclusion.
“Melrose would need to raise meter rates by $40 a month over a period of years to cover its share,” he said.
Rocha said there are several options to pursue for additional funding for the project.
“There could be increased federal cost sharing, increased cost sharing by those communities who do have the ability to pay, and the state might decide to kick in some money,” he said.
However, he added, it is unlikely the federal government would pay operation and maintenance costs.
Clovis Mayor David Lansford said there is actually good news in Rocha’s comments, because they justify the board’s request for an “80/10/10” funding mechanism for the project, with 80 percent funding from the federal government, 10 percent from the state and 10 percent from the ENMRWA.
He added that communities also might sell water to a commercial users and apply the proceeds to their costs.
Board member Darrell Bostwick of Melrose said he agrees with Rocha that funding is a problem for many communities.
“I think most communities have some capacity, but I don’t know what each can do. It might not be enough. We’ll have to utilize everything available to us to participate in the project,” he said.
But, he said, if the project fails “eventually we will be without water and we will wind up as a ghost town, like some others.”

The Star Inn is definitely one of Bath’s finest boozers. It is a cosy, traditional multi-room public house designed for drinking. The interior must be the best in town. They offer a small selection of cask beer (including Bass on gravity dispense) and some decent more “contemporary” bottles. Perhaps not the most exciting or edgy selection of beer out there, but I always find something to drink. Not a pub for seeking out new beers per se, but a must-visit pub for its character and charm.
Loved this place. Traditional pub, nice atmosphere, wooden interior, working fireplaces. Was quiet at first, but as the night went on it became quite lively. Good cask selection, good service, decent prices. For me it’s a must when in Bath. Would like to visit it again.
Beautiful old pub a short trot out of town, lots of nooks and crannies, very quiet though. Go for the history of it and to have a nose around. Apr ’14 The pub was pretty full on a Saturday afternoon and the beer range had improved a little with slightly more choice. I’m glad I made the effort to re visit.
Lovely pub. Multiple WORKING fireplaces, lots of dynamic seating, simple but decent beer range, good prices, efficient staff. They still have the Bass on gravity, although I opted for one of the other real ales. I had a great time in this pub; it was one of the highlights of Bath for me.
The best cask ale bar in Bath, a short walk from the tourist area, this solid looking pub is a no nonsense drinking house. If you want soft arm chairs and posh tables and carpet up to your knees, this is the wrong place. If you want a pint sat on a wooden bench surrounded by history and other people, this is the place for you!
Abbey Ales are wonderful examples of the best England can offer in traditional beers, this is more or less their Brewery Tap.
Their website explains everything better than I can, but ’The small room’ is the best bar area in my opinion, but you go and visit, make up your own mind.
Probably the most characterful interior in all of Bath, which is saying a lot. A must-visit if you are into that sort of thing. Feels like a sacred spot. Quiet, dark, cozy, small. Feel like time stands still here, making a return to the outside world seem disorienting. Bass ale on gravity cask--very good. I think they are an Abbey Ale pub.

Accenture works with Economic Development Board to open Analytics Innovation Center in Singapore
Oct 12, 2012 (TELECOMWORLDWIRE via COMTEX) --
Accenture (NYSE: ACN) announced the opening of its Analytics Innovation Center in Singapore in collaboration with the Economic Development Board . The centre will serve as an asset development lab and a research and innovation hub to deliver citizen-centric advanced analytics solutions for Accenture clients.
The Accenture Analytics Innovation Center is supported by the EDB, whose role is to help enhance Singapore's position as a global hub for business and investment. The centre will focus on developing innovative approaches for the use of analytics in services related to education, health, procurement, public safety, resource utilization, smart grids, transportation and workforce effectiveness. The centre has been built to help Accenture clients in both the private and public sector generate real-time, actionable insights to drive more informed business decisions, improve their service delivery capabilities and deliver better services and outcomes for citizens.
"Singapore is the ideal location for this new centre because of the alignment with the country's focus on pioneering advances in innovation, driving competitive advantage for growth, and maintaining a high level of citizen engagement," said Teo Lay Lim, managing director, Accenture Singapore and ASEAN. "Over the last thirty years, Accenture Singapore has contributed significantly towards transforming the way citizens live and work. We are uniquely qualified to continue providing clients with innovative analytics capabilities that help enable timely, insight-driven, outcome-oriented decision-making."
The Analytics Innovation Center will showcase the expertise of Accenture data scientists whose mission is to help accelerate the development and usage of advanced analytics solutions. Specifically, the centre will drive the creation of an analytics knowledge base and related intellectual property in Singapore across a number of key areas including:
Accenture's Network of Innovation centers are co-located with and leverage the skills and expertise at locations across the Accenture Global Delivery Network, Accenture Technology Labs and the Accenture Global Talent and Innovation Network. Other centers in the analytics network include locations in Bangalore, Barcelona, Chicago, Dublin, Mumbai, New Delhi and San Jose, California. Accenture was named a leader in business analytics IT consulting and systems integration services, according to an IDC MarketScape report on "Worldwide Business Analytics IT Consulting and Systems Integration Services 2012 Vendor Analysis." (doc #234938, May 2012)
Comments on this story may be sent to email@example.com
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]

“Whenever our interior life becomes caught up in its own interests and concerns, there is no longer room for others, no place for the poor..." - Evangelii Gaudium
Tuesday, August 14, 2007
Snap out of it! "Cathy, you just can't walk out on Ray and I! Don't fall for that tuxedo-clad, soap-opera-loving charmer, Mitchell. And Vincenzo - so he promised you a film career - do you even know him? Think about all you are throwing away!"

About the Book
Celebrated scholar Carla Kaplan’s cultural biography, Miss Anne in Harlem: The White Women of the Black Renaissance, focuses on white women, collectively called “Miss Anne,” who became Harlem Renaissance insiders.
The 1920s in New York City was a time of freedom, experimentation, and passion—with Harlem at the epicenter. White men could go uptown to see jazz and modern dance, but women who embraced black culture too enthusiastically could be ostracized.
Miss Anne in Harlem focuses on six of the unconventional, free-thinking women, some from Manhattan high society, many Jewish, who crossed race lines and defied social conventions to become a part of the culture and heartbeat of Harlem.
Ethnic and gender studies professor Carla Kaplan brings the interracial history of the Harlem Renaissance to life with vivid prose, extensive research, and period photographs.
New York City in the Jazz Age was host to a pulsating artistic and social revolution. Uptown, an unprecedented explosion in black music, literature, dance, and art sparked the Harlem Renaissance. While the history of this African-American awakening has been widely explored, one chapter remains untold: the story of a group of women collectively dubbed "Miss Anne."
Sexualized and sensationalized in the mainstream press—portrayed as monstrous or insane—Miss Anne was sometimes derided within her chosen community of Harlem as well. While it was socially acceptable for white men to head uptown for "exotic" dancers and "hot" jazz, white women who were enthralled by life on West 125th Street took chances. Miss Anne in Harlem introduces these women—many from New York's wealthiest social echelons—who became patrons of, and romantic participants in, the Harlem Renaissance. They include Barnard College founder Annie Nathan Meyer, Texas heiress Josephine Cogdell Schuyler, British activist Nancy Cunard, philanthropist Charlotte Osgood Mason, educator Lillian E. Wood, and novelist Fannie Hurst—all women of accomplishment and renown in their day. Yet their contributions as hostesses, editors, activists, patrons, writers, friends, and lovers often went unacknowledged and have been lost to history until now.
In a vibrant blend of social history and biography, award-winning writer Carla Kaplan offers a joint portrait of six iconoclastic women who risked ostracism to follow their inclinations—and raised hot-button issues of race, gender, class, and sexuality in the bargain. Returning Miss Anne to her rightful place in the interracial history of the Harlem Renaissance, Kaplan's formidable work remaps the landscape of the 1920s, alters our perception of this historical moment, and brings Miss Anne to vivid life.
“Professor Kaplan, a biographer of the writer Zora Neale Hurston, captivatingly illuminates and places in overdue perspective.” — New York Times
“In this remarkable work of historical recovery . . . [Kaplan] resurrects Miss Anne as a cultural figure and explores the messy contradictions of her life . . . deeply researched.” — New York Times Book Review
“An empathetic and skillful writer, Kaplan . . . shares the previously untold story of a group of notable white women who embraced black culture--and life--in Harlem in the 1920s and ‘30s. . . . Captivating.” — Publishers Weekly (starred review)
“Endlessly fascinating, Miss Anne in Harlem reveals a whole new perspective on the Harlem Renaissance, and Carla Kaplan delivers an essential and absorbing portrait of race and sex in 20th century America.” — Gilbert King, author of Devil in the Grove
“With superb, exhaustive research and finely dramatic writing, Carla Kaplan’s brilliant Miss Anne in Harlem fills an aching void in our knowledge of the Harlem Renaissance. It also significantly deepens our understanding of American culture in the 1920s and American feminism in general.” — Arnold Rampersad, author of The Life of Langston Hughes
“A work of meticulous and far-ranging scholarship, Miss Anne in Harlem matches its characters’ shocking and subversive lives with explosive revelations and subtle insights. . . . Kaplan’s haunting narrative forces a rethinking of race and gender.” — Megan Marshall, author of Margaret Fuller: A New American Life and The Peabody Sisters: Three Women Who Ignited American Romanticism
“[An] utterly fascinating and deeply insightful account. . . . This fine book takes the Misses Anne seriously and goes further, to reveal the workings of interracial networks in one of the most important cultural phenomena in American history.” — Nell Irvin Painter, author of The History of White People
“The fact that white women played a pivotal role in creating the Harlem Renaissance was a secret hiding in plain sight, but it took Carla Kaplan’s keen eye, rigorous research, and crystal clear prose to reveal it. A surprising, delightful book.” — Debby Applegate, author of The Most Famous Man in America
“Carla Kaplan has taken on a dauntingly liminal topic and by force of scholarly rigor and narrative compassion rendered it central to our understanding of an era. Lush, original, and vigorously argued....” — Diane McWhorter, author of Carry Me Home
“Kaplan always writes from inside her characters, and with a novelist’s sense of scope—and compassion.” — Hilton Als, New Yorker.com
“Kaplan’s meticulously documented and intrepid history of Miss Anne encompasses a unique vantage on the complexities of race and gender and a dramatic study in paradox.” — Booklist (starred review)
“(Kaplan’s) extensive research has given life to a critical period in black American history-and given credit to the white women who, for various reasons, helped the Harlem Renaissance flourish.” — NPR.org
“[A] revelatory book. . . . Aside from its significance as cultural history, Miss Anne in Harlem is packed with amazing life stories.” — NPR's Fresh Air
“[R]ichly researched, thoughtful new book.” — Boston Globe
“In her clear-sighted, empathetic assessment of a half-dozen of these women, Carla Kaplan casts a fresh eye over people and relationships too often reduced to stereotypes.” — Daily Beast
“[An] intriguing new book.” — Washington Post Book World
“Carla Kaplan has given us and history a great gift.” — New York Journal of Books
- ISBN: 9780062199126
- ISBN 10: 0062199129
- Imprint: Harper
- On Sale: 09/10/2013
- Pages: 544
- List Price: 13.99 USD
- BISAC1: HISTORY / United States / 20th Century
- BISAC2: BIOGRAPHY & AUTOBIOGRAPHY / Historical
- BISAC3: HISTORY / General

Global hotel brands' aggressive expansion in the Arabian Gulf is helping to drive profits in the face of Europe's faltering economy and partially offset lackluster markets hit by the Arab uprisings, the CEOs of some of the world's biggest hotel groups told CNBC.
"There's no question that we have put a lot of resources behind China, India, and the Middle East," Richard Solomons, CEO of InterContinental Hotels Group, the world's largest hotel group by rooms, told CNBC's "Access: Middle East".
"The United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Saudi Arabia…are really the big two drivers for us, particularly with some other issues in markets such as Egypt," he said, speaking on the side lines of the 13th World Travel and Tourism Council summit in Abu Dhabi.
(Read More: 'Everybody is Doing Business in Iran': Hotel CEO)
With 15 million visitors seen by 2015 in Dubai alone, its clout as an international tourist destination is growing.
Arne Sorenson, CEO of Marriott International, said he saw an attractive level of robustness in the markets of the UAE.
"You've got tremendous financial and cultural resources that can be brought to bear. And countries which are deliberate about growing arrivals in those places and growing commerce in those markets - that's what brings us opportunity," he said.
Tom Klein is president of Sabre Holdings, a travel technology company behind some of the industry's most advanced booking, hotel and flight management portals. He said that thus far, the UAE - and in particular Dubai - had outperformed others in the region.
"Because of their investment in tourism and the way they think about tourism as the engine for the region - while it's not completely unique to the Middle East, it's probably the shining example that the rest of the globe knows about," he said.
Darren Huston, CEO of Booking.com, added: "We're seeing great growth in this part of the world. In the Middle East the top three destinations for us are Dubai, Mecca and Abu Dhabi."
Along with a growing retail space, Dubai is home to the highest number of consumer brands - second only to London - according to property specialist CBRD.
(Read More: Risks Too High to Focus on Middle East: CEO)
But although it boasts the largest total tourism receipts in the region, it is Saudi Arabia that currently has the biggest hospitality market, with plenty of untapped potential.
According to the UNWTO Tourism Barometer, the Kingdom's tourist numbers grew by 14 percent in 2012, underpinned by strong demand for its religious sites.
Although for hotel businesses in the world's largest oil exporter, the ball is in the court of the authorities.
"You look at Medina and Mecca particularly - these are the markets that you know it's up to the Kingdom how many people they will let come in and visit these places," Sorenson said.
Egypt Still Struggling
The situation is radically different in Egypt, formerly the tourism industry's poster child for success and dynamism.
Hotel groups have been scrambling to deal with the slump in visitor traffic from the 14 million arrivals in the year before the revolution.
"We've seen business fall significantly, obviously, but it's coming back this year. Even this year it's performing better that I would have feared," Sorenson said.
Meanwhile, Solomons stressed that Egypt remained part of rival IHG's long-term regional strategy.
"Tourism has been a very big piece of development in Egypt and it will come back," he said.
"So the way you tackle it is: this is a long term business. You stay true to the business and you look after your people."
But for the remainder of Africa, Solomons disagreed with some of the bullishness expressed by industry experts.
"Maybe some of the people that are a little bit behind in some of the markets are looking to Africa to save them on that front. And I don't think it will, in the short term," he said.
This week on "Access Middle East": A conversation with top executives of the hospitality industry on the region's opportunities. Tune in to find out where the risks are, and how Gulf tourists are keeping some retail businesses healthy in Europe.

972-403-9463 WFAA A-List Best Wine Store. BEST Wine Shop Enjoy great wines from around the world. Voted Best Wine Store 5 Years in a row by WFAA! Plano Small Business of the Year for 2013
Corner Wines has a broad range of selection in wines, spirits, accessories and wine cabinets. Visit our Travel section for upcoming trips.
Select unique wine gift baskets which can be custom made for you. For something fun we can add popcorn from Crave Popcorn.
Corner Wines carries over 400 boutique wines from around the world. Best of all we offer knowledge and passion about each of the wine.
These handcrafted wine cabinets are made to your specifications. You can select the size, stain, hardware and drawers. Keep your wines in pristine condition!
Corner Wines provides exceptional customer service to make finding your new favorite fun and educational
Each of our tastings is original and unique as you enjoy at least 5 different wines with appetizers. You may discover your new favorite wine at the tasting.
Become a wine club member and experience 2 handpicked wines each month. You will receive tasting notes and discounts on these wines during that month.
Come explore the world of wine with us. Corner Wines plans trips each year and visits wineries around the globe.
This is definitely a cute wine shop with a lot of variety and it also has extra stuff to spice up the place ~ special cooking sauces, wine stoppers, etc. . .It's definitely a place to stop at and check out if you're in the neighborhood! -- Grace
This is the best wine store anywhere in Dallas. The owners are so nice and helpful. Their selection is fantastic, and they have great tastings and events. -- Lily
Great little wine shop with super collection of good wines. The owner/manager made some excellent recommendations. -- Evan
Hands down the best wine store in Dallas. Family owned, friendly employees and one-on-one help. They have a great selection of affordable wines. I would recommend this place to everyone!
I was getting off of work at 7pm and called to see if they had a specific bottle of wine. Not only did the owner wait until 7:30ish (they closed at 7p) but he was very friendly and helpful. -- Blake
I have been shopping here for several years and have met some great people at the classes and wine tasting events. -- Annette
Whether you are just starting to learn about wine or consider yourself a wine aficionado, Corner Wines is the wine shop for you! -- Cheryl

I have always been rather neutral about the pros and cons of the Bexhilkl-Hastings link road which is scheduled to begin in January 2013, with a slight bias towards the benefits of the road over the idealistic conservationist green issues.
That was until I recently attended a very thought provoking lecture given by Nick Austin who controversially argues the case that the road will destroy the actual site of the 1066 Battle of Hastings (no physical evidence has ever been lodged to prove that the event ever took place at Battle), and demonstrating that the true Abbey is not at Battle at all, and that the battle actually took place in The Combe Haven Valley.
If what he says in his lectures and in his book ‘Secrets of the Norman Invasion’ is true – and the theory and partial evidence is overwhelming – then the building of this road would be a catastrophe for East Sussex, and the asset of a World Heritage site would be lost forever.
Can you imagine the positive impact of a Heritage site of World importance? All towns within a forty mile radius would benefit, and the area would become an international magnet instead of a local backwater.
East Sussex County Council, which is responsible for the impending disaster has conducted its own in-house archaeological investigation and, of course, have found nothing that supports Nick Austin’s conclusions and they refuse to allow The Battlefields Trust experts to examine the evidence before road building begins in a few weeks. What does this tell us – lack of due diligence perhaps or lack of foresight?
There is a growing feeling, amongst the community, that work on this road should be delayed to allow accredited experts to investigate the evidence further.
Surely the sensible option would be to re-open the closed files on one of the alternative routes for the link road such as the S3A option which would serve as a conduit for tourism to the site rather than destroying the asset itself and yet would still provide a link road starting and ending at the same points?
There are three groups who are organising themselves to resist and campaign at varying levels, before it is too late. Hastings Alliance: http://hastingsalliance.com/ ; Combe Haven Defenders http://combehavendefenders.wordpress.com/ and, here in Bexhill, BLINKRR (Bexhill Link Road Resistance) email@example.com Mobile: 07989 781199
Further information about Nick Austin’s historical thesis can be found at: http://secretsofthenormaninvasion.wordpress.com/

Magnetic Media and Electronic Reporting
You may file Form 940 electronically or by using magnetic media. See Rev. Proc. 96-18, 1996-1 C.B. 637, for the procedures and Pub. 1314
for the tape specifications. You can find Rev. Proc. 96-18 on page 73 of Internal Revenue Bulletin 1996-04 at www. irs. gov . For
information on filing Form 940 electronically, visit the IRS Web Site at www.irs.gov .
Not Liable for FUTA Tax?
If you receive Form 940 and are not liable for FUTA tax for 2001, write Not Liable across the front of the form, sign the form, and return
it to the IRS.
Penalties and Interest
Avoid penalties and interest by making tax deposits when due, filing a correct return, and paying all taxes when due. There are penalties for late
deposits, insufficient deposits, failure to deposit using EFTPS (when required), and late filing unless you can show reasonable cause. If you file
late, attach an explanation to the return. There are also penalties for willful failure to pay tax, make returns, and for filing false or fraudulent
Employer's name, address, calendar year, and employer identification number (EIN).
If you are not using a preaddressed Form 940, type or print your name, trade name, address, calendar tax year, and EIN on the form. Enter your
name, address, calendar tax year, and EIN here, even if you must complete Form 940-V, Form 940 Payment Voucher.
If you do not have an EIN, apply for one on Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number. If you do not have an EIN by the
time a return is due, write Applied For and the date you applied for the number.
Questions A through C.
If you answer Yes to all the questions, you may file Form 940-EZ, a simpler version of Form 940. If you answer No to any of the
questions (or you are a successor employer claiming a credit for state unemployment contributions paid by the prior employer), you must file Form 940.
If you will not have to file Form 940 (or 940-EZ) in the future, check the box on the line below question C and complete and sign the return. If
you start paying FUTA wages again, file Form 940 (or 940-EZ).
Third party designee.
If you want to allow an employee of your business or an individual paid preparer to discuss your 2001 Form 940 with the IRS, check the Yes
box in the Third Party Designee section of the return. Also, enter the name, phone number, and any five numbers the designee chooses
as his or her personal identification number (PIN). The designation must specify an individual and may not refer to your payroll office or a tax
By checking the Yes box, you are authorizing the IRS to call the designated employee or paid preparer to answer any questions that may arise
during the processing of your return. You are also authorizing the designee to:
- Give the IRS any information that is missing from your return,
- Call the IRS for information about the processing of your return or the status of your refund or payment(s), and
- Respond to certain IRS notices that you have shared with the designee about math errors and return preparation. The notices will not be sent
to the designee.
You are not authorizing the designee to receive any refund check, bind you to anything (including additional tax liability), or otherwise represent
you before the IRS. If you want to expand the designee's authorization, see Pub. 947, Practice Before the IRS and Power of Attorney.
The designee authorization cannot be revoked. However, the authorization will automatically expire on the due date (without regard to extensions)
for filing your 2002 Form 940 (or 940-EZ).
Part I - Computation of Taxable Wages
Line 1 - Total payments.
Enter the total payments (before any deductions) you made during the calendar year for services of employees, even if the payments are not taxable
for FUTA tax. Include salaries, wages, commissions, fees, bonuses, vacation allowances, and amounts paid to temporary or part-time employees; the
value of goods, lodging, food, clothing, and noncash fringe benefits; contributions to a 401(k) plan, payments to an Archer MSA, payments under
adoption assistance programs, and contributions to SIMPLE retirement accounts (including elective salary reduction contributions); section 125
(cafeteria) plan benefits; and sick pay (including third-party sick pay if liability is transferred to the employer).
For details on sick pay, see Pub. 15-A, Employer's Supplemental Tax Guide. Report amounts deferred under a nonqualified deferred
compensation plan at the later of (a) when services are performed or (b) when there is no substantial risk of forfeiture of the
rights to the deferred amount. For details, see Regulations section 31.3306(r)(2)-1. Include tips of $20 or more in a month reported to you by your
employees. Also, include payments made by a previous employer if you are counting those payments for the $7,000 wage base as explained under
Successor employer on page 5.
Your method of payment does not determine whether payments are wages. Thus, you may pay wages hourly, daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly. You may
pay wages for piecework or as a percentage of profits. You may pay wages in cash or some other way, such as goods, lodging, food, or clothing. For
items other than cash, use the fair market value when paid.
Line 2 - Exempt payments.
The amounts reported on line 2 are exempt from FUTA tax. For FUTA tax purposes, wages and employment do not include every payment and
every kind of service an employee may perform. In general, payments excluded from wages and payments for services excepted from employment are not
subject to FUTA tax. Do not enter payments over $7,000 for each employee that you enter on line 3.
You may deduct exempt payments from total payments only if you explain them on line 2. Amounts that may be exempt from your state's unemployment
tax may not be exempt from FUTA tax. For example, corporate officers' wages are not exempt from FUTA tax even though your state may exempt
those wages from its unemployment tax.
Enter payments for services such as the following on line 2. These payments also must be entered on line 1.
- Agricultural labor if you did not meet either 1 or 2 under Agricultural employers on page 2 and all
payments to H-2(A) visa workers.
- Benefit payments for sickness or injury under a workers' compensation law.
- Household services if you did not pay total cash wages of $1,000 or more in any calendar quarter in 2000 or 2001.
- Certain family employment. (See section 3 in Circular E.)
- Certain fishing activities. (See Pub. 595, Tax Highlights for Commercial Fishermen.)
- Noncash payments for farmwork or household services in a private home. (Only cash wages paid to these workers are taxable.)
- Value of certain meals and lodging. (See section 5 in Circular E.)
- Cost of group-term life insurance.
- Payments attributable to the employee's contributions to a sick-pay plan.
- Employer contributions to a SIMPLE retirement account (other than elective salary reduction contributions) and employer contributions to a
401(k) plan (if included on line 1).
- Employer payments to an Archer MSA.
- Benefits excludable under a section 125 (cafeteria) plan.
- Certain statutory employees. (See section 1 in Pub. 15-A.)
- Services performed by an inmate of a penal institution.
- Employer reimbursements (including payments to a third-party) for qualified moving expenses, to the extent such expenses would otherwise be
deductible by the employee. (See Pub. 521, Moving Expenses.)
- Any other exempt service or pay.
For more information, see section 15 in Circular E or section 15 in Circular A, Agricultural Employer's Tax Guide (Pub. 51).
Line 3 - Payments of more than $7,000 for services.
Enter the total of amounts over $7,000 you paid each employee during 2001 after subtracting any exempt payments shown on line 2. For example, you
had 10 employees and paid each $9,000 during the year, including $500 of exempt payments per employee. Enter $15,000 on line 3, computed as follows:
|Total payments (10 x $9,000)
|Less: Exempt payments (10 x $500)
|Less: Total wage base amount (10 x $7,000)
|Amount reported on line 3
Only the first $7,000 paid to each employee is subject to FUTA tax. Do not use the state wage base for this entry. The state wage base may be
different from the Federal wage base of $7,000. Do not include exempt payments from line 2 in figuring the $7,000.
If you acquired a business from an employer who was required to file Form 940 (or 940-EZ), you may count the wages that employer paid to the
employees who continue to work for you when you figure the $7,000 wage base. Include on line 3 the payments made by the previous employer that you
included on line 1.
If the first employer paid $7,000 or more to the employee, also include on line 3 all the wages you paid to that employee. If the first employer
did not pay at least $7,000 to the employee, subtract what the first employer paid from $7,000. Then subtract that result from the wages you paid to
the employee, and include any result on line 3.
For example, during 2001, prior employer P paid $5,000 to employee Jones before the acquisition and acquirer A paid $3,000 to Jones after the
acquisition. Subtracting the $5,000 from $7,000 yields $2,000. Subtracting the $2,000 from $3,000 (wages paid by acquirer A to Jones) yields $1,000.
Acquirer A reports $8,000 (total payments) on line 1 and $6,000 ($5,000 paid by prior employer P and $1,000 in excess of the $7,000 wage base) on line
3. See section 3306(b)(1) and Regulations section 31.3306(b)(1)-1(b).
Line 5 - Total taxable wages.
This is the total amount subject to FUTA tax. Use this amount in Part II to compute the gross FUTA tax and the maximum credit.
Part II - Tax Due or Refund
Line 1 - Gross FUTA tax.
Multiply the total taxable wages from Part I, line 5, by .062. This is the maximum amount of FUTA tax.
Line 2 - Maximum credit.
Multiply the total taxable wages from Part I, line 5, by .054. This is the maximum credit against FUTA tax for state contributions.
Line 3 - Computation of tentative credit.
You must complete all applicable columns to receive any credit. Your state will provide an experience rate to you. If you have been assigned an
experience rate of 0% or more, but less than 5.4%, for all or part of the year, use columns (a) through (i). If you have not been assigned
any experience rate, use columns (a), (b), (c), and (i) only. If you have been assigned a rate of 5.4% or higher, use columns (a), (b), (c), (d), (e),
and (i) only. If you were assigned an experience rate for only part of the year or the rate was changed during the year, complete a separate line for
each rate period.
If you need additional lines, attach a separate statement with a similar format. Also, if you are a successor employer, see Special credit for
successor employers, on page 3.
Enter the two-letter abbreviation for the state(s) to which you were required to pay contributions (including the District of Columbia, Puerto
Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).
Enter the state reporting number assigned to you when you registered as an employer with each state. Failure to enter the correct number may result
in unnecessary correspondence.
Enter the state taxable payroll on which you must pay state unemployment taxes for each state shown in column (a). If your experience rate is 0%,
enter the wages that would have been subject to state unemployment tax if the 0% rate had not been granted.
Enter the beginning and ending dates of the experience rate shown in column (e).
Enter your state experience rate - the rate the state assigned to you for paying your state unemployment tax. This rate may change based on
your experience with the state unemployment fund, for example, because of unemployment compensation paid to your former employees. If you do
not know your experience rate, contact your state unemployment office. The state experience rate can be stated as a percent or as a decimal.
Multiply the amount in column (c) by .054.
Multiply the amount in column (c) by the rate in column (e).
Subtract column (g) from column (f). If zero or less, enter -0-. This additional credit is the difference between 5.4% and your state experience
Enter the contributions actually paid to the state unemployment fund by the due date for filing Form 940. Do not
include amounts you are required to pay but have not paid by the due date (January 31 or February 11 as explained under When To File
on page 1). If you are filing Form 940 after the due date, include only payments made by the return due date, and see the
instructions and worksheet under Line 6 - Credit below. If you are claiming excess credits as payments of state
unemployment contributions, attach a copy of the letter from your state. Do not include any penalties, interest, or special administrative
taxes (such as surcharges, employment and training taxes, excise tax, and assessments, which are generally listed as a separate item on the state's
quarterly wage report) not included in the experience rate assigned to you.
Line 3a - Totals.
Enter the totals of columns (h) and (i).
Line 3b - Total tentative credit.
Add line 3a, columns (h) and (i). As noted above, column (i) includes only payments to your state unemployment fund that you made by the
due date for filing Form 940. Payments made after the due date are eligible for a reduced credit and will appear on line 6 as described below.
Line 6 - Credit.
This is the credit allowable for your payments to state unemployment funds. If you made no late state contributions, enter the smaller of the
amount from Part II, line 2 or line 3b. If you do not have to make payments to the state, enter zero on this line.
If any state contributions were made after the Form 940 due date (January 31 or February 11 as explained under When To File on page 1),
your credit for late contributions is limited to 90% of the amount that would have been allowable as a credit if such contributions were
paid on or before the Form 940 due date.
Only taxpayers who made late contributions should complete the worksheet below.
Worksheet for credit computation
Example of late state contributions.
You paid $1,500 of state contributions by the Form 940 due date and $1,000 after that date. Your maximum credit on Form 940, Part II, line 2 is
$2,000, and your tentative credit on line 3b is $1,500. The maximum credit less the tentative credit is $500. If you had paid the $1,000 state
contributions on time, you would have been allowed an additional credit of only $500, not the full $1,000. Therefore, the credit for the late
contributions is limited to 90% of $500. You complete the worksheet as follows:
Enter $1,950 from line H of the worksheet on Form 940, Part II, line 6. This is the allowable credit for your contributions to the state
Line 9 - Balance due.
Make your check or money order payable to the United States Treasury. Write your EIN, Form 940, and 2001 on your
check or money order. Enter the amount of the payment on Form 940-V at the bottom of Form 940. If the employer information is not preprinted on the
payment voucher, enter the requested information. (Make certain that the entity information above line A is properly completed.)
If the amount on line 9 is under $1, you do not have to pay it. For payments over $100, see Depositing FUTA Tax on page 3.
Line 10 - Overpayment.
If the amount on line 10 is under $1, we will send a refund or apply it to your next return only on written request.
Part III - Record of Quarterly Federal Unemployment Tax Liability
Complete this part only if your FUTA tax in Part II, line 7, is over $100.
To figure your FUTA tax for each quarter, multiply by .008 that part of the first $7,000 of each employee's annual wages you paid during the
quarter. Enter the result in the space for that quarter. Your Total for year must equal your total FUTA tax shown in Part II, line 7.
Record your FUTA tax based on when you pay wages, not on when you deposit it. For example, if you pay wages on March 29, your FUTA tax on those
wages is $200, and you deposit the $200 on April 30, you would record that $200 in the first quarter, not in the second.
You had two employees and paid each employee $4,000 in the first quarter, $5,000 in the second quarter, $5,000 in the third quarter, and $5,000 in
the fourth quarter. (None of these payments were exempt from FUTA tax.) For the first quarter, multiply .008 x $8,000 (the amount paid to both
employees), and enter $64 in the space for the first quarter. For the second quarter, multiply .008 only by $6,000 ($3,000 for each employee - the
amount remaining to reach the $7,000 maximum amount subject to FUTA tax for each employee), and enter $48 in the space for the second quarter. Because
you paid each employee more than $7,000 by the end of the second quarter, enter zero in the space for the third and fourth quarters. Enter $112 in the
Total for year space.
Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice.
We ask for the information on this form to carry out the Internal Revenue laws of the United States. We need it to figure and collect the right
amount of tax. Chapter 23, Federal Unemployment Tax Act, of Subtitle C, Employment Taxes, of the Internal Revenue Code imposes a tax on employers with
respect to employees. This form is used to determine the amount of the tax that you owe. Section 6011 requires you to provide the requested
information if you are liable for FUTA tax under section 3301. Section 6109 requires you to provide your employer identification number (EIN).
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the Department of Justice for civil and criminal litigation, and to cities, states, and the
District of Columbia for use in administering their tax laws. If you fail to provide this information in a timely manner, you may be subject to
penalties and interest.
You are not required to provide the information requested on a form that is subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act unless the form displays a valid
OMB control number. Books or records relating to a form or its instructions must be retained as long as their contents may become material in the
administration of any Internal Revenue law. Generally, tax returns and return information are confidential, as required by section 6103.
The time needed to complete and file this form will vary depending on individual circumstances. The estimated average time is:
Recordkeeping - 13 hr., 45 min.; Learning about the law or the form - 1 hr., 17 min.; Preparing and sending the form to
the IRS - 1 hr., 49 min.
If you have comments concerning the accuracy of these time estimates or suggestions for making this form simpler, we would be happy to hear from
you. You can write to the Tax Forms Committee, Western Area Distribution Center, Rancho Cordova, CA 95743-0001. Do not send the tax form to
this office. Instead, see Where To File on page 2.

Polish (visitor) localization pl_PL available
The localization for bbPress front end is available. The admin panel/installation remains in English. It features correct plurals + correct month namings.
There probably are still some mistakes, so use with care. The user noun “użytkownik” is changed to (female) “użytkowniczka” so it could be used primarly for women forums.
- You must be logged in to reply to this topic.

The bowel is part of the digestive system that extends from the stomach to the anus. It is a hollow tube wrapped around his abdomen, divided into two parts: the small intestine and the large intestine (colon and rectum). Stomach cancer, also known as gastric cancer is cancer that begins in any part of the stomach.
The stomach is just one of many organs in the abdomen, the area of the body between the chest and pelvis. Other organs in the abdomen are liver, pancreas, gall bladder and colon. It is important to differentiate between these organs, because cancers and other diseases that affect them present different symptoms and are treated differently.
Surgery may be required to remove the cancerous tissue and adjacent noncancerous tissue. The most common operation is called gastrectomy. If part of the stomach is removed, is called partial or subtotal gastrectomy. If the stomach is completely removed, it is called a total gastrectomy. Nearby lymph nodes are usually removed.
Cancer of the large intestine is called colorectal cancer.
The following are the most common symptoms of stomach cancer. However, each individual may experience symptoms differently. Symptoms may include:
- Indigestion or heartburn (burning sensation)
- Discomfort or pain in the abdomen
- Nausea and vomiting
- Diarrhea or constipation
- Bloating after meals
- Loss of appetite
- Unexplained weight loss
- Weakness and fatigue
- Vomiting blood or blood in the stool
The symptoms of stomach cancer may resemble other conditions or medical problems. Always consult your physician for a diagnosis
Colorectal cancer is malignant cells are found in the colon or rectum. The colon and rectum are parts of the large intestine, which is part of the digestive system. Because colon cancer and rectal cancer have many features in common, sometimes referred to together as colorectal cancer. Cancerous tumors in the colon or rectum also may spread to other body parts.
Excluding skin cancer, colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer in both men and women. The American Cancer Society estimates that about 140,000 cases of colorectal cancer and about 50,000 deaths from colorectal cancer occur each year. The number of deaths from colorectal cancer has decreased, which is attributed to the greater selection and removal of polyps and improvements in cancer treatment.
Each year there are over thousands of cases of colorectal cancer, both men and women are affected and usually are older than 45 years.
Unfortunately we know very little about the causes of cancer of the large intestine, also called colorectal cancer. However, studies have shown that the frequency of bowel cancer is highest in countries that consume a diet high in fat and low in fiber. It has been suggested that a high intake of alcohol, especially beer, may be linked to this type of cáncer.Hay two inherited conditions that may increase the risk of developing colorectal cancer. They are familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP) and hereditary non-polyposis colon cancer (HNPCC). Together, they account for 5% of intestinal cancers.
A history of severe ulcerative colitis or Crohn’s disease affects the large intestine may also increase the risk of developing colorectal cancer. The most common symptom of colorectal cancer is a change in bowel habits. You can increase constipation, or perhaps can alternate periods of constipation and diarrhea. You may have blood or mucus in the stool. A feeling that you have not completely evacuated their gut is quite common when the tumor is in the rectum. This can be uncomfortable and can constantly feel the need to go to baño.Usted may feel a cramping pain or vague discomfort in the abdomen. You can also feel generally unwell, for example, apathetic or tired, because you’ve been losing blood from the intestine and may have become anemia (lack of red blood cells). If your symptoms have lasted for six or more weeks, including bleeding from the straight, you need to see a specialist.
Cancers of the colon and rectum:
Adenocarcinoma. Adenocarcinomas are tumors that originate in the lining of internal organs. Adeno means gland. These tumors arise from cells with glandular properties, or secreting cells. They can form in many different organs, such as the lung or breast. In colorectal cancer, early tumors start as small adenomatous polyps that can continue to grow and become malignant. The vast majority of colorectal cancers are adenocarcinomas.
Gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST). These are tumors that originate in the specialized cells in the wall of the digestive tract called interstitial cells of Cajal. These tumors can be found anywhere in the digestive tract, but rarely appear in the colon. They can be benign (noncancerous) at first, but many become cancer. When this happens, they are called sarcomas. Surgery is the usual treatment if the tumor has not spread.
Lymphoma. A lymphoma is a cancer that typically begins in a lymph node, which is part of the immune system. However, it can also start in the colon, rectum, or other organs.
Carcinoids. Carcinoids are tumors that originate in particular hormone-producing cells in the intestine. Often cause no symptoms at first. Surgery is the usual treatment.
Sarcoma. Tumors that arise in blood vessel, muscle or connective tissue in the colon and the rectum wall.
Often, the primary treatment for colorectal cancer is surgery, which removes the cancer and a length of normal tissue on either side of the cancer and nearby lymph nodes.
Pancreatic cancer occurs when malignant cells grow out of control. Surgery for pancreatic cancer may be needed to remove the tumor – a section or entire pancreas and / or small intestine. The type of surgery depends on the stage of the cancer, the location and size of the tumor and the health of the person.
The types of surgery for pancreatic cancer include the following:
Whipple procedure – this procedure involves removal of the head of the pancreas, part of the small intestine, the gallbladder, part of the stomach, and lymph nodes near the head of the pancreas. Most pancreatic tumors occur in the head of the pancreas, so Whipple procedure is the most common surgical procedure for pancreatic cancer.
Distal pancreatectomy – if the tumor is located in the body and tail of the pancreas, these two sections of the pancreas is removed along with the spleen.
Total pancreatectomy – the entire pancreas, part of the small intestine and stomach, the common bile duct, spleen, gallbladder, and some lymph nodes will be removed. This type of operation is not performed frequently.
Palliative surgery – for more advanced cancers, surgery may be done to try to cure the cancer, but to relieve problems such as a blocked bile duct.
Risk factors for pancreatic cancer include:
- Age – most pancreatic cancer occurs in people over 45 years.
- Smoking – the big cigarette smokers are two to three times more likely than nonsmokers to develop pancreatic cancer.
- Obesity and physical inactivity – pancreatic cancer is more common in people who are very overweight, and people who do not get much physical activity.
- Diabetes – Pancreatic cancer occurs more often in people with diabetes than in those who do not.
- Gender – more men than women are diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
- Race – African Americans are more likely than Asians, Hispanics or Caucasians to be diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
- Family history – the risk of developing pancreatic cancer is higher if a person’s mother, father, or brother had the disease.
- Cirrhosis of the liver – people with cirrhosis have a higher risk of pancreatic cancer.
- Exhibitions of work – occupational exposure to pesticides, dyes and chemicals used in the metal industry may increase the risk of pancreatic cancer.
- Some genetic syndromes – certain inherited genetic mutations, such as in gene BRAC2 increase the risk of pancreatic cancer.
- Chronic pancreatitis – long-term inflammation of the pancreas has been linked with an increased risk of pancreatic cancer.
There are several types of pancreatic cancers, including the following:
- Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma – the most common pancreatic cancer, which occurs in the lining of the pancreatic duct.
- Adenosquamous carcinoma – a rare pancreatic cancer.
- Squamous cell carcinoma – a rare pancreatic cancer.
- Some pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors include the following – which may be benign (not cancerous) or malignant (cancerous):
- Insulinoma – a rare pancreatic tumor that secretes insulin, the hormone that lowers glucose levels in the blood.
- Gastrinoma – a tumor that average levels of gastrin, a hormone that stimulates the stomach to secrete acid and enzymes. Gastrinoma can cause peptic ulcers.
- Glucagonoma – a tumor that secretes glucagon, a hormone that increases glucose levels in the blood, often leading to an eruption.

I saw that Better Together repeated this line today when telling us that Sir Paul McCartney has signed the letter from English celebrities which asks the Scots to “stay with us”. I thought – they’re right – what unites England and Scotland is much greater than what divides us.
We’re all human beings, sharing the same land, with similar traditions, similar morals, similar weather. Like all people, we have hopes and dreams, have relationships, have children, have friends, go to work. Our political differences divide us to some extent but politics – though important – does not wholly determine our lives.
On the negative side – what divides us – one could put the British state. Ironically, in forcing us together politically, English and Scots are more likely to be unhappy and divided. We accuse each other of subsidising the other – money is always a potentially divisive issue. The Scots say the English don’t care about them. The English say the Scots get too good a deal. The Scots say that the union favours the rich and powerful. Some English agree. So the union itself – paradoxically it seems – is accused of being divisive. That’s my position.
I believe that independence for Scotland will enable each country to reconfigure our relationships much more healthily – within our countries first, and then between our countries.
So let’s remember, in both England and Scotland, that whatever happens in the referendum, what unites us is much greater than what divides us.

... where visionaries, game changers, and challengers discuss business models
I suggest that FairPay, a radically new adaptive and dynamic pricing process, enables entirely new business model patterns that are very timely, and deserve wide consideration.
FairPay combines the flexibility and participation offered to buyers by "Pay What You Want" (PWYW), but with the hook of consequences that make it fair to sellers.
In fact, the adaptive and dynamic nature of FairPay is itself a process for generating the details of business models (because it can take on the characteristics of many different models), and thus can help bake this idea of business model generation into core business processes. Given this deep and broad impact, I suggest that FairPay offers a new business model "Pattern."
More detail on FairPay as a new pattern for Business Model Generation is given in my blog post at http://www.fairpayzone.com/2010/09/business-model-generation-with-n....
I welcome discussion on this.
My new book, "FairPay: Adaptively Win–Win Customer Relationships" addresses this in depth. Some early praise: “an innovative and visionary methodology,” a "radically new perspective," "can help enterprises become more customer focused...promises to transform business."
There is also extensive background on my blog -- see the overview.

Captain’s Blog - Stardate 60325.6
This is the “two steps forward, one step back” blog that, no doubt, accompanies life (re: meal) changes. I am prefacing this by acknowledging that I missed two days of my prilosec, an antacid of sorts that is designed to reduce acid reflux. It was not intentional, but I realized this morning I have not taken it in two days. That has been corrected.
Why is that important? Well, here’s the neat part. The acid escapes to the esophagus through what I believe to be my hiatal hernia (where the sphincter to the stomach doesn’t close all the way). This causes symptoms that can mimic simple heartburn or have additional “referred” symptoms throughout the upper body.
Heartburn can be a little scary. Especially when you’re prone to hypochondria. And oddly, the more I think about it, the worse it can feel. I’ve read blogs, done some homework, and it is this feeling that primarily lead me to do this Whole30 in the first place.
I had a professor in college, Dr. John Ficca, who once said “Getting old is not for the weak.” Then he “harumph-ed” and walked away as he often would. And though I’m only in my thirties, I can see how the body can definitely be a force to be reckoned with. I must remind myself that every new twinge or spot is not a danger to my overall well-being and that a well-tempered awareness is best in preventative medicine.
SNBWhole30 - Day Six: Last night’s dinner was also really good. We had a spice and walnut rubbed pork tenderloin with steamed asparagus and a balsamic vinaigrette with a side of Cauliflower mash. Not gonna lie, though. I want cake REALLY bad. My lunch was better, and I made sure to have left overs for today. We’re having leftovers for dinner tonight for the first time. Also, regarding the recipes. They are harder to find online and without copying them verbatim here, it might be better to skip that part. If you see something you’d like, let me know and I can send it your way.
Hailing frequencies closed.
Captain's Blog - Supplemental
Remember that movie Alien? Might be carrying a xenomorph. Just sayin'.

As a law student, Jack West would have loved a chance to earn some extra cash by researching cases and reviewing documents – all the while networking with potential future employers.
As a young attorney, West knew there would be value in having that sort of assistance without having to pay the costs of hiring or retaining a paralegal.
With Book-It Legal, West is using technology to benefit small law firms and ambitious law students.
The technology allows law students to find work when they are able to perform it. For students who are undecided which area of law they want to go into, Book-It Legal allows them to work with lawyers in different practice types to help the students decide.
Velocity Accelerator is a 12-week program designed to give a select group of startups focused mentorship and guidance to speed their growth. The inaugural class of 10 companies was announced in December and started in January with $50,000 in seed capital. The program concludes with Demo Day on April 18.
Students from five schools in four different states and attorneys practicing in 10 different states are clients. West is hoping to grow both the number of students and the number of lawyers after Demo Day.

97% Cotton 3% Elastane
Jurassic is a deconstructed short with an asymmetrical design which inspires from the concept of mutation.
The whole silhouette and the effect of three dimensional are catching the concept of cell division.
Three colors available: Light Pink / Steel Blue/ Khaki
Please allow for some variation in color as displayed on different devices and screens. Actual colors may vary.
[[XS(US4)]] Bust:29"~31" Waist:23~25" Hip:32"~34"
[[S(US6)]] Bust:31"~33" Waist:25~27" Hip:34"~36"
[[M(US8)]] Bust:33"~35" Waist:27~29" Hip:36"~38"
[[L(US10)]] Bust:35"~37" Waist:29~31" Hip:38"~40
Bust: Measure under your arms, around the fullest part of your chest.
Waist: Measure around your natural waistline, keeping the tape a bit loose.
Hips: Measure around the fullest part of your body at the top of your leg.
Any questions, please feel free to contact me
Project III Evolution
The explosion of the universe, the distance of a light year, the gravity of geocentric.
Advance and retrogression incessantly, turning us to better or worse
Do remember the way we were, changing the rhythm in the soil, transforming your body in the ocean.
Passing hundred billion years, you are here…with your own attitude.
- PaymentSecure credit/debit card payment, PayPal, Alipay
Options Shipping fee To Pinkoi Forwarding Center US$0.00 Each additional item US$1.03
- Int'l shipping
Ship from: Taiwan Ship to: 1st item 2nd item USA US$30.87 US$6.86 Canada US$29.16 US$6.86 Australia US$25.73 US$6.86 Macau US$3.78 US$1.72 Singapore US$17.15 US$3.43 United Kingdom US$30.87 US$6.86 Malaysia US$17.15 US$3.43 China US$6.86 US$1.72 Thailand US$17.15 US$3.43 Japan US$20.58 US$6.86 Taiwan FREE S/H Germany US$29.16 US$6.86 Hong Kong US$3.78 US$1.72 Other countries/regions US$34.30 US$6.86
- Sales policy
- StockDown to the last 5

I still can’t get enough of China Glaze’s Electric Nights collection! This week I decided to sport the pink of the collection. Eye popping all on its own, it gets a boost under black light and glows electric.
While showing off this neat trick to a friend I noticed something strange. My mani looked messy under the uv lamp! Oh heck no! Now I know I applied my polish neatly and did clean up. What on earth was going on??
That’s when I realized it was my top coat that was glowing on my cuticles!
Yes folks, HK Girl’s Glisten and Glow top coat actually glows.
But any way, now I know to watch out for that sneaky top coat. I swear it was like being in a chrime scene when they turn on the uv lamp and the blood stains show up and you swore you had gotten rid of every bloody footprint. Horrifying lol.

Stripes! Marc Jacobs and Michael Kors showed a LOT of stripes in their spring collections, which means stripes are coming and will be here to stay for a while! I’ve never been too fond of stripes to be honest, cause a few years ago it became really popular and I wore stripy jumpers a bit too much, so we’ll see if I’ll go there again, think it looks wicked on others though!
How do you feel, like this trend? will you go there?

We found 1 provider named 'Tina Khaleghi' nationally.
Dr. Tina Khaleghi sees patients in North Kansas City, MO. Her medical specialty is general pediatrics. Her hospital/clinic affiliations include Liberty Hospital and Meritas Health. After attending the University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Medicine, she completed her residency training at Children's Mercy Hospitals and Clinics. Dr. Khaleghi takes Humana HMO, Humana Bronze, Humana Catastrophic, and more. New patients are welcome to contact Dr. Khaleghi's office for an appointment.

Chiropractic Tips For Back To School Bags
This is the time of year when pencils, crayons and lunch boxes fill the retail stores. Back to school time means new stuff, schedule changes and growth. Like most kids, picking out the perfect back pack is all about style, color and extras-think bells and whistles. Cool pockets, light up straps and sweet key chains on the zipper. While color, theme and characters are necessary for kids to make a legitimate choice, parents need to make their decision based upon other vital factors necessary for good back health. Some qualities to take into account when shopping for a backpack for your child: Endurance. The backpack should be made out of a quality material that is water resistant. The best back packs are able to resist moisture so additional weight isn't added to the backpack and to keep the contents intact, especially with many children carrying electronics to school. Dimensions. The backpack should be big but not too big that your child is tempted to fill it up. A heavy backpack is not a good backpack to carry around for a long period of time. Chiropractors see a high rate of children with early onset back pain because of backpacks that are too heavy or that unevenly distribute the weights content on the child's body. A backpack should be no more than 15% of the carriers entire body weight. If it's helpful, weigh the backpack on a scale before your child puts it on. Once you know what 15% of the child's weight looks like, you can probably determine by picking it up each day if it's too heavy for him/her. Size. Many children find it's easy and quick to slip their backpack onto one shoulder to carry to school and during school each day. This frequent and uneven weight on just one shoulder can throw a child off balance, force him/her to stand at an awkward angle, slouching and leaning making for poor posture. Carrying a load of school supplies can be challenging enough but forcing your body to carry all of the weight on one side of your body will take its toll resulting in back, neck and shoulder pain. Make sure your child's backpack is sitting evenly on both shoulders with enough slack in the straps for comfort but snug enough so the backpack isn't dangling below the child's lower back/buttocks. This time of year is exciting for kids for many reasons. Make sure they can enjoy school once they get there with a backpack that can keep up with your kids and their schedule.

Friday, November 14, 2008
Today we started out before noon with a list of places we wanted to go to see more photography exhibits. First stop, the Swedish cultural centre, which we love for it's little cafe, where you get refills on your coffee. The photographer exhibiting there is: Lars Tunbjörk. We liked his large works, that were so quiet. We had planned to have lunch there but had to eat out in the courtyard as it was full inside. It wasn't that chilly so we were happy to be outdoors. Chuck had a sandwich with a slab of blue cheese, slices of avocado, lettuce and cucumber in a very nice light roll. I had an open faced sandwich of tuna salad on a very thin, very dark bread. Pretty soon, a little bird came and perched on the chair across from me. Then more little birds came. I put a tiny crumb on the edge of the table and the bird just sat there waiting for me to let go of it. After our sandwiches, Chuck got us a slice of some cake. While he went in to get the coffee refills, I took a picture of the cake. While I attempted a second picture, one of the birds helped itself to a tiny crumb directly from our cake!! Wow, brave little thing. They were just so used to people. If they'd been bigger, I'd have thought I was in that Alfred Hitchcock movie, but no, they were pretty sweet little things.

The 2010 Arkansas Track and Field Camp of Champions has been cancelled because of low registration.
These camps are designed to provide distance runners, sprinters, and field event competitors with a unique combination of classroom and field instruction, stimulating training sessions, and fun! The camp shares training methods used by the most successful athletes throughout the world. These methods will be put to use in a week of quality, early season based, training intended to stimulate interest and motivation in Cross Country and Track and Field. Whether beginner or expert, novice or world class athlete, this camp will prepare and equip you with the proper mechanics and winning techniques to help you move to a new level of excellence.
$315 for overnight $215 for day
This camp is for boys and girls ages 10-18 Camp T-shirts Camp Folders Lectures/Guest Speakers Current and Former Hog Stars Video Analysis Fun Competitions Individual Training Focus A team of 5 or more will receive a $20 discount for each athlete sent in the same envelope.
Discipline and supervision
The Arkansas Razorback Camps are the finest instructional camps in the country. We are proud that our campers adhere to set guidelines and rules. We aim to create an environment that will enhance their learning experience and give them a positive attitude which is essential in sports. Campers are not allowed to date, ride in cars, or smoke while at camp, nor will they be allowed to be off campus unless with an organized and supervised camp group. All visitors must secure permission through the camp director. Early departures must furnish written parental sanction to the Camp Director prior to the start of camp. The camp will have a coach to camper ratio of 10-1. Campers will be supervised by the coaches at all times.
All campers MUST have their own medical coverage. However, all campers are covered by an excess group policy. Professional Trainers are on staff 24 hours a day.
Eligibility and physical
Each camper MUST have a physical check-up by a family physician. A checkup form is included on the application page.
What to bring: T-shirts, shorts, socks, track shoes, towels, washcloths, toilet articles, bathing suit, and bedding for twin size bed. (Many campers bring a sleeping bag instead of sheets.
Housing and meals
All overnight campers will be housed in a dorm selected by the University of Arkansas Residence Life Department. Campers will be roomed according to age and there will be 2 campers per room. Breakfast, lunch and dinner will be served to overnight campers.
The Razorback staff will be happy to pick up campers at the Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport (XNA) (Charge $20) or bus station if we are notified at least one week prior to camp.
Download: 2009 Camp Rules.pdf

Ferguson fallout reaches race for county executive
FERGUSON, Mo. (AP) — The two winning primary candidates for St. Louis County executive anticipated a general election campaign heavy on the nuts and bolts of local government: taxes, roads, parks and schools.
Then came Ferguson.
Sparking a national debate over race relations and police killings, the fatal shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown, who was black, by a white municipal police officer in early August also transformed a local election that typically draws little attention outside of St. Louis.
In a Tuesday, Oct. 14, 2014 photo, Democratic County Councilman Steve Stenger , left, and Republican state lawmaker Rick Stream debate issues at the Blanche M. Touhill Performing Arts Center on the campus of the University of Missouri-St. Louis. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Robert Cohen) EDWARDSVILLE INTELLIGENCER OUT; THE ALTON TELEGRAPH OUT
Brown was killed by Ferguson officer Darren Wilson just four days after Democratic County Councilman Steve Stenger defeated 11-year incumbent Charlie Dooley, and conservative state lawmaker Rick Stream won a two-man Republican primary.
Stenger has become a primary target of Ferguson protesters for his steadfast support of county prosecutor Bob McCulloch — and his refusal to join their calls for McCulloch to recuse himself from the case over concerns about his family ties to law enforcement. In early October, a group of more than 30 local elected black leaders publicly endorsed Stream, citing a "total absence of any political consideration for the African-American community" among county Democrats.
"This thing with Ferguson was kind of the straw that broke the camel's back," said Councilwoman Hazel Erby, a Dooley ally and leader of the Fannie Lou Hamer coalition, which is named for a late Mississippi civil rights activist. "We're trying to send a clear message to them that our vote does count."
With a St. Louis County grand jury expected to soon release its decision on whether to indict Wilson on criminal charges, Brown's death and the subsequent months of protests across the region figure prominently in the campaign for county executive, an office that oversees a $620 million annual budget for 300,000 residents who live in unincorporated parts of the county.
Stenger, a 42-year-old attorney who lives in south St. Louis County, which is predominantly white, dismisses the coalition as a "splinter" group that doesn't truly represent the county's black voters. He pointed to his endorsement by longtime U.S. Rep. William Lacy Clay Jr. of St. Louis, the scion of a powerful political black family who appears in a new Stenger campaign ad along with former state Rep. Betty Thompson, who is also black.
"That is not the general sentiment of the community," Stenger said, noting that several top Dooley aides are assisting Stream and the coalition of black Democrats. "What you're seeing is a lot of political theater."
Stream has expressed gratitude for the cross-party defection fueled by McCulloch's appearance in a Stenger primary campaign ad. McCulloch, a Democrat who won an August primary but faces no opposition Nov. 4, also stood next to Stenger when the six-year incumbent announced his primary victory.
Both candidates say their outreach efforts to voters and elected leaders in the primarily black neighborhoods of north St. Louis County began in earnest long before Ferguson.
Asked about both the initial round of violent protests after Brown's death and the prospect of further unrest should the grand jury not indict Wilson, Stenger blamed a local "leadership vacuum" for not responding more forcefully and said the county should be prepared to declare a state of emergency.
Meanwhile, Stream, a 65-year-old retired budget manager for the U.S. Department of Defense, is calling for a state law to appoint special prosecutors in all fatal police shootings. Stream said he wouldn't ask McCulloch to recuse himself but said "he should have taken (those calls to step down) into consideration."
The post-Ferguson fallout has also generated a write-in campaign by community activist and protest leader Zaki Baruti, whose platform includes calling for McCulloch to be replaced with a special prosecutor and Wilson to be charged with murder.
Other protesters want voters to choose a more symbolic write-in candidate: Michael Brown.
Follow Alan Scher Zagier on Twitter at http://twitter.com/azagier
A Wednesday, Oct. 15, 2014 photo shows St. Louis County Executive Republican candidate Rick Stream during a meeting with the editorial board at the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Hillary Levin) EDWARDSVILLE INTELLIGENCER OUT; THE ALTON TELEGRAPH OUT
St. Louis County Councilman Steve Stenger poses for a photo on Thursday, July 24, 2014, as he prepares to run against Charlie Dooley in the August primary in the race for St. Louis County Executive. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, J.B. Forbes) EDWARDSVILLE INTELLIGENCER OUT; THE ALTON TELEGRAPH OUT
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.

Our Houston general adult urology office is located in the Medical Place One building
of St. Joseph Medical Center in downtown Houston, TX.
Our facility is committed to delivering the latest advancements in treating general
adult and prosthetic urologic conditions.
Dr. Cornell is a well recognized authority on penile prosthesis implantation for
erectile dysfunction as well as the combined placement of both the artificial urinary
sphincter and the penile prosthesis in men suffering from post-radical prostatectomy
urinary incontinence and erectile dysfunction.
Additionally, our office is equiped to diagnose the causes of urinary incontinence
with full office urodynamics, able to offer office botulinum toxin treatment for
urinary urgency resistant to standard oral medicine, certified to perform the Monarch
trans-obturator slings to surgically treat stress urinary incontinence, and proud
to offer the Prostiva radiofrequency
office thermotherapy procedure for BPH symptoms resistant to oral medical therapy.
We welcome you to visit our special facility where your specific general urologic or
urinary prosthetic needs will be served.

(Reprinted with permission from the ECS Newsletter)
The District plans to expand the current after school program in an effort to increase the number of days and the students eligible to participate. Currently, the program often referred to as “Homework Club,” runs two days a week for grades 3-6. This has been very effective in assisting students and providing additional teacher directed support. Students are able to use the time for assistance with their homework and to gain additional help in areas where they may have fallen behind. It expands instructional contact and support by two hours a week.
Here are the six (6) main components to the overview expansion:
1. The program will be offered to 7th and 8th graders two nights a week “by invitation.” This could be a way to help students who are on the ineligibility list as well as students who are simply struggling and need some extra time to devote to their classroom work. This would be staffed by two Middle School teachers.
2. The District is implementing the use of iReady Program as a diagnostic program built for the Common Core. It will provide teachers with lessons and students with individualized instruction and practice. The system will also generate ongoing reports that track student progress. This program will be used for students in K-8 in the areas of ELA and math.
3. Students in 7th and 8th grade will be offered the opportunity to work on district computers after school in the High School Library. The library is already open two days a week but we would now focus additional opportunities for students to use the new iReady web based program.
4. We plan to increase the program offered in grades 3-6 from two days a week to three days a week.
5. We plan to staff the elementary computer lab three days a week after school for students to work with iReady.
6. The last part of the expansion will allow students in K-2 (by invitation) to stay after school two (2) days a week to use the Elementary computer lab to practice their skills with the new iReady Program.
The expansion of the program will open up more after school opportunities for students in grades K-8. This additional academic support, skill development and practice will provide our students with the opportunity to build on their daily school instruction and help students keep up with the demanding changes the Common Core has brought to our classrooms.

London Colney Community Centre
This is the main social centre of the community in the heart of the village in Caledon Road. The building houses the Parish Council offices, two community halls with bar facilities and the Public Library. There is a modern kitchen for preparing meals from which the Parish Council provides a twice weekly Community Lunch Club, on Tuesdays and Thrusdays, plus monthly Roast Lunches on Sundays. The large hall is used by numerous clubs and societies and both rooms are available for hire.
Address: Caledon Road, London Colney, AL2 1PU
Napsbury Park Facility
This new facility provides a focal point for the cricket, football and tennis activities situated close by. It contains changing rooms, a function room and a community area and is available for hire
Address: Pegrum Drive, Napsbury Park, London Colney
Morris Playing Fields Pavilion
This pavilion provides changing rooms for the adjacent football pitches and has a large room in which the Council holds its monthly meetings. This room is also available for hire and is used by a number of local societies and groups. It provides a central point for a number of major Parish Council functions such as Larks in the Park and the annual fireworks display.
Address: Morris Playing Fields, Whitehorse Lane, AL2 1JP.

Samsung has launched its cheapest 4G smartphone Z2 with a 4-inch display on August 23 in India at a price tag of Rs. 4,590. The Samsung Z2 is the Tizen-based smartphone similar to the Z1 and Z3 in its series. The smartphone will come in Black, Gold, and Wine Red color options from August 29, 2016, via Paytm and offline retail stores.
The phone is featured with Reliance Jio 4G preview offer for 90 days. This offer includes unlimited HD voice calls, unlimited high speed data and unlimited access for Reliance Jio Suite including apps like Jio Drive, Jio Play, Jio Money, Jio Music, and Jio Security.
A Glimpse at the Specs
Samsung Z2 sports a 4-inch 800×480 LCD display with a 5MP primary rear camera along with a VGA front camera. The phone runs on latest Tizen operation system powered with 1.5 GHz processor accompanied with 1GB of RAM, 8GB of internal storage. The device comes with 4G LTE and will feature the Ultra Data Saving Mode (UDSM). The phone is backed with 1,500mAh battery. Z2 has an S Bike mode considering the safety of its user while driving two-wheeler and also My Money Transfer App to manage transactions.
The connectivity option includes LTE, GLONASS, GPS, USB 2.0, Bluetooth 4.0 and Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n.
The Samsung Z2 is the fourth smartphone which is built on Tizen system. Previously, Samsung Z, Z1, and Z3 has launched in the series. Talking about the previous Z1, it had 3.1MP primary rear camera, 4-inch display, RAM of 768MB backed with a 1500mAh battery. The Z1 was launched in January 2015 with 3G support priced at Rs. 5,700. While Z3 launched in October 2015 which came with 5-inch HD 720×1280 touchscreen display at a price of Rs. 8,490. Z3 had 1GB of RAM coupled with 1.3 GHz quad-core Spreadtrum SoC and 8GB of internal storage. Samsung Z3 was 3G enabled smartphone.
Considering this, Samsung Z2 is the cheapest 4G smartphone in India from the tech giant like Samsung. The newly launched Samsung Z2 will definitely face the strong competition of Intex Cloud Fame and Reliance Lyf Flame8 to name a few.

Outskirts Theatre Co. presents: Dog Sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead
Outskirts Theatre Co. announces the first show of their inaugural season, Dog Sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead by Bert V. Royal sponsored by Direct Supply and Dan and Sheri Albrechtson. Dog Sees God will be performed Friday, August 22 at 7p.m.; Saturday, August 23 at 2p.m. and 7p.m.; Friday, August 29 at 11:59p.m.; and Saturday, August 30 at 7p.m.. Outskirts Theatre Co. will be partnering with Carroll University’s Theatre & Arts Management Program to produce Dog Sees God in Carroll University’s Otteson Studio Theatre, located at 238 North East Avenue, Waukesha, WI 53186. Tickets are $15 for adults, $10 for students and seniors, and free for Carroll University students, faculty, and staff. Tickets can be purchased at the door or at outskirtstheatre.brownpapertickets.com. Contact email@example.com with any box office questions or concerns.

Nhn Chena River is a $299,900 home on a 3.13 acre lot located in Fairbanks, AK.
Over 3 acres on the Chena River on the accretion bend of the river. This parcel has not been offered for sale previously (in recent times) and presents the savvy investor a great opportunity for development or great protected riverfront for a custom home. It is situated below the possible future development by Ice Alaska or others along the river. This advantageous river frontage stretches around the entire tip of the bend and is located adjacent and across the river from the State Chena Campgrounds and across from the State riverfront land on Geraghty. With SF-10 zoning development possibilities include subdividing into multiple river front lots. Recent appraisal on file.
Waterfront - Waterfront - Yes
|Property Sub Type|
Based on information from the Greater Fairbanks MLS, last updated 08/22/2017 at 10:43am MDT. Listing information is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed by the MLS or this website.

S.T.A.L.K.E.R. , tried but never found a better game.
The shape of the upper building reminds me on an UFO...maybe the pack has its roots in the early development of STALKER, where it was supposed to be an alien-sci-fi shooter (to be honest...STALKER as it is today is also a science-fiction game).
This building would appear to house a circus, I suppose this level may be a MP level.
I have found a fair amount of unusual levels, if anyone is interested let me know and I will make them available for download.
It looks very interesting, indeed.
It's OK for a 5 minute walk around, it's an empty map so there is no action, if you want to have a look around it let me know and I will put it up for downloading, it is a bit boring though, unless you added the All Spawn mod to it.
Well I'm thinking that this could be some sort of arena where you could battle all the mutants :D
mm yes, totally an UFO.. atlas spawn will do of course
Well if you want to download it let me know and I will make it available :)
nah, if you have a bigass map, then yes! :p something like army warehouses and pripyat combined haha
Only registered members can share their thoughts. So come on! Join the community today (totally free - or sign in with your social account on the right) and join in the conversation.

FLS Energy is a full-spectrum solar energy company undertaking the exciting challenge of bringing solar into the energy mainstream. Our diverse group of skilled professionals develop, engineer, finance, construct, own, and maintain quality solar energy systems.
Our talented industry-certified teams offer complete in-house system design, engineering, and turnkey project development. As a client of FLS, you are guaranteed to receive the same high level of excellence the market has come to expect from FLS Energy associates.
The FLS Energy team provides clients with nearly a decade of solar project development experience that is unmatched in the industry, including innovative investment opportunities that are structured for low-risk and positive returns.
FLS Energy opened its doors in 2006 and since then has successfully developed nearly 100 solar energy projects!
At FLS Energy, several guiding principles direct us in our overarching commitment to make the world a better place by bringing solar into the energy mainstream. These core values include:
Integrity: We strive to have a positive net impact by being responsible stewards of our environment and the communities in which we serve. This requires building relationships with clients, stakeholders, partners, communities, employees, and society that are based on integrity.
Craftsmanship: We aim to take pride in each project by conducting our services under the highest standards possible. As our work is a reflection of our commitments and values, our client’s satisfaction is by far our greatest return.
Professionalism: Our installation teams are renowned for their high level of professionalism on the job, where they interact with clients in a respectful, cooperative manner and of course, always with a smile.
Service: FLS goes above and beyond to ensure client satisfaction and approval. We aspire to complete every job leaving customers with an experience that they feel is both valuable and satisfactory.
Is this your company? Claim your profile

A group of Australian IoT industry players – KPMG, the Knowledge Economy Institute and Giant Ideas – along with UK firm Flexeye have launched Hypercat Australia, a non-profit organisation dedicated to promoting the UK developed Hypercat standard for interoperability in IoT, particularly in support of development of smart cities. In collaboration with the UK’s Hypercat organisation, the alliance says it “aims to establish Hypercat as a global standard.”
Hypercat Australia was launched by Angus Taylor, assistant minister for cities and digital transformation, and Nick McInnes, British Consul General and Director General for Trade and Investment, at a roundtable breakfast hosted by KPMG in Sydney. It will be administered by the Knowledge Economy Institute founded in 2015 and led by Dr Mike Briers AO, Australia’s first industry professor of IoT at the University of Technology Sydney.
KPMG Australia recently became the first member of the KPMG network to launch an IoT practice. Giant Ideas is a digital transformation firm for smart cities and IoT founded by Catherine Caruana-McManus, a director of Australian IoT company, Meshed. Flexeye’s founder and CEO, Justin Anderson, is also the founder and director of the Hypercat Alliance.
Piers Hogarth-Scott, national IoT leader of KPMG Australia, told IoTAustralia that in the 24 hours since launch of Hypercat Australia on 6 September the organisation’s web page had received more that 40 expressions of interest from potential members.
“The launch of Hypercat in Australia aims to unlock the benefits of Smart Cities by creating an interoperable IoT ecosystem that gives confidence to cities and local government,” he said. “More importantly, if we can play a role in fostering a global standard we can unlock the power of the Internet of Things for everybody.”
Hypercat a UK standard
Hypercat has been adopted as a UK standard by the British Standards Institute as PAS 212:2016 Automatic resource discovery for the Internet of Things and is available as a free download from the BSI web site. Anderson told IoTAustralia that Hypercat Australia was working to have it adopted as an Australian standard.
Anderson said: “The goal of Hypercat is to accelerate the global explosion of the Internet of Things – by enabling connected devices and data to work together to improve how cities work, and how people live.”
1000 plus Hypercat members
He said that Hypercat, create three years ago, had already been applied to multi-million dollar smart city projects including London and Bristol, had attracted more than 1,000 industry members and had gained support in 47 countries. “We’re excited that Australia is coming on board as our first international alliance – and hope to use this as a launchpad for global expansion.”
The Hypercat Alliance web site describes Hypercat as “an open, lightweight JSON-based hypermedia catalogue format for exposing collections of uniform resource identifiers (URLs) for exposing information about IoT assets over the web.” It adds: “It is extremely simple, described by one participant as ‘the most that 40 companies could agree on’ with a strong security model.”
A protocol for autodiscovery
The standard itself is rather more specific: “This PAS specifies a protocol whereby any compliant software client can automatically discover data that is stored within any compliant software server, without either the client or server having to be written to have been explicitly compatible with each other. It applies to the design of services for IoT and the World Wide Web in general, and in particular to the design of applications intended to operate within broad ecosystems such as smart cities, as well as specific industry sectors. It aims to break down the vertically integrated software silos that have previously existed within the IoT industry.”
As a presentation “Hypercat in 15 Minutes” puts it: “Services are not machine-browsable, An application cannot automatically discover a new service’s resources, so a human has to write code every time to enable it to do that.” In contrast “Hypercat makes services machine browsable.”

India: 3 Christians Attacked by Hindu Extremist Mob
Carrie DedrickReligious persecution, missions, Christianity around the world
- 2016 Jul 22
Three Indian Christians are in serious condition after a suspected Hindu extremist mob attacked them. Christian Today reports over 50 people attacked Christians Umesh Patel, his father Sudhama Patel, and their family friend Kiran Vishwakarma.
The mob first questioned the men about their Christian faith before they destroyed the Patels’ home in the Damtari district of Chhattisgarh and attacked the men on July 17.
Tomson Thomas, head of Persecution Relief’s Indian branch, said that the attack was likely organized by Hindu extremists, who are targeting Christians across the area.
"We keep getting several reports of assaults on poor Christians living in villages every day from different parts of the country," Thomas said.
Christian persecution is heightened in India, where people of faith are often forced to hide their beliefs or risk harassment, sometimes resulting in death.
Publication date: July 22, 2016

Marie Paule Woodson, the assistant department director of human services for Miami-Dade County, told students of the Young Women’s Preparatory Academy on Wednesday the story of how she became a woman.
“We are all girls in the room, but we aspire to be women someday,” she informed teacher Ignacio Rodon’s eighth-graders.
Woodson, a guest speaker at the seventh Annual Women’s Symposium, detailed her humble beginnings from Haiti, explaining that her mother could barely sign her own name.
But her parents wanted more for her. Woodson moved to America when she was in her early 20s to pursue an education and learned to speak English without her parents by her side. She enrolled in Miami Dade College, and eventually attended Florida International University and St. Thomas University as well.
“Education is your passport to getting better,” Woodson said during the symposium, a Women’s History Month event.
Today, Woodson oversees a $48 million budget. In addition, she is the chair of the Haitian Women of Miami and is also a member of the Miami-Dade County Commission for Women.
“Make a commitment to yourself to reach your goals and reach higher than you thought you could,” Woodson said.
The annual event, which is similar to a career day, is important to the nearly 400 students. YWPA, which is nestled in Little Havana, was established in 2006. The school is the first sixth- to 12th-grade single-gender preparatory academy in Miami-Dade County.
Principal Concepción I. Martinez explained that the goal of YWPA is to empower the young women through leadership skills and to teach them to speak up, so that they feel secure and confident. She added that single-gender schooling eliminates the issue of male-dominated classroom settings.
The Women’s Symposium is a day to celebrate the achievements of local powerful women from within the community, as well as to showcase the success of the school.
“The event exposes ourselves to women leaders in the community, so they can see the kind of work that we’re doing here with single-gender schooling,” Martinez said. “At the same time, the women speak to the young ladies about their tribulations and expertise so that they can learn.”
There were 26 speakers at this year’s symposium. Among the speakers were bankers, attorneys, law enforcement officers, marketing consultants and even a pilot.
Each career woman was assigned to speak to a classroom from 9 to 10 a.m.
Marti Mang, senior vice president and a commercial lender for TotalBank, told teacher Elizabeth Jordan’s sixth-graders that today is an exciting time for women. When Mang started banking 44 years ago, she explained that women were not allowed to take out a loan unless they had a male co-signer.
When student Catherine Georges asked, “What does a person who wants to work for a bank need to study?” Mang’s answer wasn’t as simple as “finance or accounting.”
She told the students about the “5 Cs of Credit,” a method used by lenders to determine a client’s creditworthiness. Mang believes there is a sixth “C” — connections.
She informed the girls about the importance of marketing one’s self on LinkedIn, the social networking version of a résumé, through which she has made 3,500 connections.
“Each of you is becoming your own brand,” she said.
Mang is also the President of Commercial Real Estate Women Miami, which is a chapter of the national organization that celebrates the success of the advancement of women in the business. She feels that YWPA’s mission is very in line with CREW.
“I hope you realize how lucky you are that this school gives you the opportunity to shine.”
After the hourlong presentations were complete, each speaker was awarded with a certificate of appreciation.
“Since we’re going to college soon, it’s really nice to hear from women who have reached such a successful point in their lives,” said 17-year-old Melanie Vargas, who heard from Laura Davis Smith, an attorney.
Class president Juliet Flynn agrees.
“It’s a nice preview to see what our future careers can be like in 10 to 15 years.”
Follow @kathdevaney on Twitter.

The beast and transformed servants also don’t age. Chip is still a child when Belle arrives at the castle at the end of the movie, but he was also a child the night the curse was placed.
The whole village seem to think that Belle and her father are strange, but could this be because they actually age? It is suggested that they moved to the village when Belle was a baby and after the curse had taken effect.
This would mean that the curse could have been taking place over roughly 18 years.
When the curse is broken at the end of the film, none of the servants are younger than the people they left behind in the village. The theorist suggests that they would have been much older than the servants.
The theory might not be what’s intended, but it does make some sense!
Header Image Credit: Disney

A Tale of Two Tails: Toby 3Fang & Tiny Tabby Girl (Leia)
Bwahahahaha. Super Lazy! What's that superhero's power?
MOL! That is cute!
Can we come haz a lazy with you?Harry,Dexter and Tipp
tee...heh...Don't worry ! It happens here too !Have a purrfect lazy day : )xoxo
Hahaha!! love it!
That is great! MOL!
Bwaaahhh-Loved it.Thanks for the laugh and have a good weekend.
That is priceless. Everything goes better with a cape!XoxoMs Stella O Houligan
Indeed!! We are , too!
you look so sweet under the rug. Princess Aurora (Shubunkin) for The Pond Fish
Hi, we have just met you but it seems you two like to do a lot of hiding. Any day or time is a good time to be lazy even if your mom is having a busy and productive day. Hope you will come visit us. Purrs and hugs, the kitties at www.thecatonmyhead.com, Lily Olivia, Mauricio, Misty May, Giulietta, Fiona, Astrid, Lisbeth and Calista Josette

December 7, 2016
By Jonathan Sellers
TROY will face the Ohio Bobcats on Dec. 23 in Mobile.
This week on Inside TROY Athletics, we speak with Senior Associate Director of Athletics for External Affairs Steve Stroud about TROY’s trip to Mobile for the Dollar General Bowl. We learn everything from how to get tickets, to activities for fans, down to the game itself.
We also hear from women’s basketball coach Chanda Rigby…

Illegal factories sitting on tinderbox
Most of residential colonies in outer Delhi's Mangolpuri are sitting on a tinderbox, ready to explode anytime due to the presence of large number of small factories operating illegally in the densely populated areas. Karn Pratap Singh reports.delhi Updated: Mar 13, 2013 00:26 IST
Most of residential colonies in outer Delhi's Mangolpuri are sitting on a tinderbox, ready to explode anytime due to the presence of large number of small factories operating illegally in the densely populated areas.
At least 10 of the 22 residential blocks in Mangolpuri have illegal factories of chemicals, shoes, rexine items and readymade garments. They are running under the nose of the local police as well as the civic agency without licences.
On the other hand, police say that they can take action only if they receive any complaint from the monitoring agencies.
On Tuesday morning, a 13-year-old boy and three other workers were killed while another suffered burn injuries after a fire broke out at an illegal shoe manufacturing unit. Police said the factory was operating on residential land, without a mandatory licence.
Local residents say residential blocks such as M, N, U and T, have the maximum number of illegal factories operating without even fire safety measures.
"None of these factories follow fire-safety norms, risking the lives of the residents of these blocks who always fear for their lives. Many chemical factories are operating from M and N block and almost all of them are being run in rented houses," said a senior police officer.
The lanes and sub-lanes in these blocks are so congested and narrow that not a single fire tender can reach them. Most of the factories, sources said, employee children who work overtime.
Residents allege that such illegal commercial activities are running from residential colonies because of support from corrupt police personnel.

GarageBand was updated to version 5.1. The update “addresses general compatibility issues, improves overall stability, and fixes a number of other minor issues”. It also includes a security update.
The update addresses the following issues:
* GarageBand track effects and Audio Units can now be added to a guitar track
* Improved support for Apogee audio interfaces
* Faster switching to full screen in Magic GarageBand
* Improved access to audio monitoring settings
The update is available from Apple Software Update or can be downloaded directly from Apple’s site.

Mexican Long-nosed Bat (Leptonycteris nivalis)
© Photo courtesy J. Scott Altenbach
- Other Names
- Greater Long-nosed Bat
- Texas Status
- U.S. Status
- Endangered, Listed 9/30/1988
- Protection Status Notes
- The population status of the Mexican long-nosed bat is unknown for certain, but suspected to be declining. It is difficult to estimate the population size due to the migratory nature of the species, the rarity of the species, and the probability that seasonal movements are connected with climactic conditions that stimulate agave flower blooming. The Mexican long-nosed bat was listed as endangered in 1988 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The States of Texas and New Mexico listed this species as endangered in 1988 and 1990, respectively. Mexico listed L. nivalis as endangered in 1991 under the Mexican Endangered Species Act.
- The Mexican Long-nosed Bat is a relatively large bat compared with most U.S. bat species. It measures about 2.75 to 3.75 inches in total length, can be dark gray to "sooty" brown in color, and has a long muzzle with a prominent nose leaf at the tip. Its long tongue, an adaptation for feeding on flower nectar, can be extended up to three inches and has hair-like papillae on its tip. It has a minute tail that may appear to be lacking.
- Life History
- Although movement patterns are not well known, Mexican Long-nosed Bats are thought to move from central Mexico into northern Mexico each year, with part of the population
crossing the border into Texas and New Mexico. The colony of bats at Big Bend occupies their northern roosts from June through August, after which they move south to winter in central Mexico.
The young are born in Mexico during April, May and early June, then move northward with their mothers. Females are believed to give birth to one or perhaps two young each year. Although not documented for the Mexican Long-nosed Bat, mothers of other bat species recognize their own young by a combination of smell and distress cries made by their offspring. Young bats nurse for about one month and are generally capable of flying by five weeks of age. Few adult males have been recorded in Texas and northern Mexico suggesting that males and females may segregate geographically, with males rarely appearing in the most northerly part of the species' range. From late October to December, adult males and females congregate in a cave near Cuernavaca, Morelos (central Mexico) to copulate.
The feeding ecology of the Mexican long-nosed Bat is of great importance in understanding its life history and recent decline. These bats are nectar feeders, emerging at night to feed on the showy flowers of plants such as agave or century plants (Agave spp.). They are very strong, highly maneuverable fliers, and like hummingbirds, are able to hover in flight while they feed. A mutual relationship exists, with the bats depending on the plants for food, and the plants benefiting from the bats as pollinators.
Agaves flower by sending up a green stalk supporting numerous flower clusters that produce large quantities of nectar each night. In addition to consuming the nectar, the bats also ingest pollen, picked up inadvertently on their fur as they feed and later ingested during grooming. The pollen provides vitamins and minerals and is rich in protein. Agave nectar is at least 17-22% sugar and the pollen is about 50% protein. The Mexican Long-nosed Bat and a similar species, the Lesser Long-nosed Bat (Leptonycteris curasoae), are the main pollinators of several agave species, including Agave angustifolia (mezcal plant), A. salmiana (pulque plant), and A. tequilana (tequila plant). The Mexican Long-nosed Bat prefers higher and cooler places in parts of New Mexico, Texas, and Mexico; whereas, the Lesser Longnosed Bat generally inhabits lower elevations in New Mexico, Arizona, Mexico, and parts of Central and South America. In some areas, the two species are found together.
Mexican Long-nosed Bats, with their long muzzles and tongues, are well adapted to feeding on nectar and protein-rich pollen. Adapted for specialized feeding, they migrate to follow the bloom periods of a number of agave and cacti species. In Big Bend National Park, agaves begin blooming in mid-May at lower elevations and early June at higher altitudes. The bats arrive in Texas about one month after flowering of agaves has begun. After spending most of the summer in Big Bend, they leave the United States in late summer or early fall as the agaves go out of bloom. They follow laterblooming agaves southward through Mexico. By November, they are several hundred miles into Mexico, where they feed on the blooms of subtropical trees and cacti. They spend the winter in the lush Central Valley of Mexico, feeding on a large variety of flowers. In the spring, they work their way back north, following the bloom times of various cacti and agaves.
- In Texas and northern Mexico, at the northern part of their range, these bats are found in desert scrub vegetation dotted with century plants (agaves), mesquite, creosotebush, and a variety of cacti. In Big Bend National Park, long-nosed bats are associated with five distinct vegetation types at various elevations. These include the arroyo-mesquiteacacia (1800-4000 ft.), lechuguillacreosotebush-
cactus (1800-3500 ft.), deciduous woodland (3700-7800 ft.), pinyon-juniper-oak woodland (3700-7800 ft.), and cypress-pine-oak
For day roosting sites, Mexican Long-nosed Bats depend on cool caves, crevices, abandoned mines, tunnels, and old buildings. These highly colonial bats are frequently found near the entrances of caves and other roosts, in the twilight zones. The bats often occupy the same roosts from year to year. Throughout their range, thousands of individuals may roost together at a single site, although the number of caves with large aggregations is less common today than in the past.
- The Mexican Long-nosed Bat has been found in southwestern New Mexico, the Big Bend area of Texas, the Chinati Mountains of Presidio County, Texas and southward to central Mexico. The species was first discovered in the United States in 1937 in a cave in the Chisos Mountains of Big Bend National Park.
- Threats and Reasons for Decline
- Although the Mexican Long-nosed Bat occurs throughout much of Mexico, there are indications of substantial population decline both in the United States and Mexico. Compared to the Lesser Long-nosed Bat, the Mexican Long-nosed Bat was considered a rare species in mammal collections based on the taxonomic review of Arita and Humphrey in 1988. The population at one of only two known roosting sites in the United States, a cave in Big Bend National Park, fluctuates widely in numbers from one year to the next. Yearly estimates of population size range from zero to as many as 10,650 individuals. Reasons for these fluctuations
are unknown but survey methods varied throughout the years making defining trends uncertain.
Population declines in Mexico have also been documented. An abandoned mine in Nuevo Leon, Mexico, which had an estimated population of 10,000 Mexican Long-nosed Bats in 1938, had no sign of the species in 1983. Another mine in Nuevo Leon had a ceiling covered with newborn bats in 1967, but only one bat was found in 1983. Considering this information, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service added this bat, along with its close relative the Lesser Long-nosed Bat, to the list of endangered species in 1988.
The reasons for these population declines are not entirely understood, but are thought to be associated with loss of roosting sites and food sources. Food resources are lost by both land use change and wild agave harvesting. Colonial roosting species, such as many bats, are particularly vulnerable to disturbance and destruction of roosting habitat, since this can result in the displacement of large numbers of animals at one time. Just a few roost sites are known for this species that provide the proper roosting environment including temperature and humidity. While the roost site in the United States is protected within Big Bend National Park, the bats spend most of the year in Mexico, where human disturbance and destruction of roost sites is a common occurrence. In Mexico, a country with 137 species of bats, there are few laws protecting bats or their roosts. However, in 1994 the Mexican government listed three bat species (Choeronycteris mexicana, Leptonycteris nivalis, and L. curasoae) as threatened.
In tropical Mexico where vampire bats are a problem, ranchers and the public often consider all bats to be vampire bats, which sometimes spread diseases to livestock and people. Thus, destructive control practices targeted for vampire bats often kill beneficial species.
Loss of food sources may be another threat contributing to the decline of the Mexican Long-nosed Bat. Agaves are an important food source, and are the primary blooming plants available in northern Mexico during their northern migration in the spring, and again in August when they move south. Harvest of agaves for the production of liquor, and in northeastern Mexico, for preparation of "quiote," a traditional sweet, may be contributing to the decline of this important food source. However, the extents to which these harvest activities affect the bats in unknown.
Agave plants are harvested just before they bloom by removing the "cabeza" or carbohydrate-rich meristem (actively growing tissue) and leaf base at the center of the plants. When agaves are harvested, not only are they removed from the bats' present food supply, but future generations of agave plants also are eliminated. This is especially critical, since a single plant grows for 10 to 20 years and flowers only once then dies. Other factors, such as wild fires and clearing of rangeland areas in northern Mexico may also reduce the food supply and thus affect bat populations, although the degree to which these activities affect the bats is unknown.
- Ongoing Recovery
- There exists a lack of comprehensive information regarding feeding, roosting, and reproductive ecology. For example, it is unknown if some roosts are occupied year round or whether seasonally occupied roosts are used by the same colony year after year. There are also no recent population estimates or studies for this species. Identifying and protecting additional roost sites, protecting foraging habitat, and obtaining population biology data are the three most important activities needed for Mexican Long-nosed Bat conservation.
Research is currently underway to better understand the life history, habitat requirements, limiting factors, and management practices affecting the Mexican Long-nosed Bat and the plants that provide their food. Efforts by scientists to locate roosting sites are currently being initiated in Mexico. Periodic surveys are conducted to assess population status at one of the two only known roosting site in the United States, located in Big Bend National Park.
Recovery efforts also include planting agaves along roadways in Northern Mexico. More than 50,000 agaves had already been planted in Tamaulipas, in the last three years. Agaves are very important plants to control soil erosion, and help to speed up the natural succession process in degraded areas. Finally, recovery efforts include providing information to the general public and school children concerning the great diversity and importance of bats.
- How You Can Help
- If you enter a cave or other place where bats are present, be aware that these mammals are very sensitive to human disturbances. Maternity colonies and hibernating bats should be avoided, since even slight disturbances can be harmful. It is best to Mexican Long-nosed Bat 3 leave the area immediately. Viewing of bats is best done by waiting outside the roost site until the bats emerge to feed in the evening. Also, because the Mexican Long-nosed Bat depends on gave plants for its food, please do not cut or otherwise disturb these plants. If you live in an area where these bats may occur you can plant cultivated agaves and leave them to bloom.
You can be involved in the conservation of Texas' nongame wildlife resources by supporting the Special Nongame and Endangered Species Conservation Fund. Special nongame stamps are available at Texas Parks and Wildlife Department (TPWD) field offices, most state parks, and the license Branch of TPWD headquarters in Austin. Part of the proceeds from these sales is used to protect habitat and provide information concerning endangered species.
You can become involved in the Texas Master Naturalist Program to learn more about bats and other wildlife and then volunteer for bat conservation.
You can help by supporting bat conservation efforts in the United States and in Mexico. Conservation organizations in Texas also welcome your participation and support.
- Visit Big Bend National Park to learn more about the Mexican Long-nosed Bat and its habitat.
- Read about Texas bats in The Bats of Texas by David Schmidly and Texas Bats by Merlin Tuttle.
- Bat Conservation International, a nonprofit organization located in Austin, can provide additional information on Texas bats.
Arita, H.T. 1991. "Spatial segregation in long-nosed bats, Leptonycteris nivalis and Leptonycteris curasoae, in Mexico." Journal of Mammalogy 72(4):706-714.
Arita, H.T. and D.E. Wilson. 1987. "Long-losed bats and agaves: The tequila connection." Bats Vol.5, No. 4. Bat Conservation International. pp. 3-5.
Easterla, D.A. 1972. "Status of Leptonycteris nivalis in Big Bend National Park, Texas." Southwestern Naturalist 17:287-292.
Howell, D.J. 1976. "Plant-loving bats, bat-loving plants." Natural History 85(2):52-59.
Moreno-V., A. 2000. "Ecological studies of the Mexican long-nosed bat (Leptonycteris nivalis)" PhD Thesis, Texas A&M University, 96 pp.
Nabhan, G.P. 1985. Gathering the desert. The University of Arizona Press. Tucson, AZ. 209 pp.
Neighbor, D.S. 1992."Status report and protocol for the Mexican long-nosed bat (Leptonycteris nivalis)." National Park Service, Big Bend National Park, TX. 10 pp.
Schmidly, David J. 1991. The bats of Texas. Texas A&M University Press. College Station, TX. 188 pp.
Tuttle, Merlin D. 2003. Texas bats. University of Texas Press. Austin, TX. 71 pp.
Wilson, D.E. 1985. "Status report: Leptonycteris nivalis (Saussure) Mexican longnosed bat." U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Denver Wildlife Research Center, National Museum of Natural History, Washington, D.C. 33 pp.
- Refer to the online version of The Mammals of Texas for additional details on the Mexican Long-nosed Bat.

Damage Mechanisms Identification in FRP Using Acoustic Emission and Artificial Neural Networks
In this study is proposed a procedure for damage discrimination based on acoustic emission signals clustering using artificial neural networks. An unsupervised methodology based on the self-organizing maps of Kohonen is developed considering the lack of a priori knowledge of the different signal classes. The methodology is described and applied to a cross-ply glassfibre/ polyester laminate submitted to a tensile test. In this case, six different AE waveforms were identified. The damage sequence could so be identified from the modal nature of those waves.
Paula Maria Vilarinho
R. de Oliveira and A. T. Marques, "Damage Mechanisms Identification in FRP Using Acoustic Emission and Artificial Neural Networks ", Materials Science Forum, Vols. 514-516, pp. 789-793, 2006

Search 321,000 hotels worldwide.
Get the price guarantee available for your trip.
No Expedia cancellation fee to change or cancel almost any hotel reservation.
This hotel provides all the amenities deserving its 5 star rating. The food is of excellent quality and variety. Staff (both the hotel and the restaurant) is friendly and very helpful. The rooms may be slightly dated, but well kept and clean. The hotel grounds are beautiful, especially in their gorgeous ...
You deserve the royal treatment every now and then. Take this opportunity for a weekend where you can have all your worries melt away in Lake Balaton. If you are looking for luxury accommodations or budget-friendly alternatives, we can help you find the perfect accomodation to stay. In fact, this area is so popular that it saw a big rise of visitors that are making it their ultimate spot to unwind. Pack your suitcase and leave behind your stress to jumpstart your tension-free time-off.
Make sure to take your time once you've checked-in. You've just started your vacation, so spend a little time getting acquainted with your accommodations. You can rest easy knowing that many of these hotels provide most of what you need for a great vacation. When you return from your day out, you'll be welcomed by a tidy room that is sure to be comfy too. After you've spent the morning getting a massage treatment, decompressing in the sauna, or soaking in the hot tub, you can put on your explorer's hat and begin to uncover the hidden gems of Lake Balaton. Discovering incredible foods, eclectic boutiques, or a scenic view can be one of the many highlights of your vacation. If you're not sure where to begin, ask your hotel's concierge to get a feel for what Lake Balaton has to offer. There is no better source than a local to point you to an exciting evening out or to a cafe to enjoy a few cocktails at and mingle. Wherever you end up going for fun, just be sure to hang loose. Your spa weekend shouldn't be anything but remarkably relaxing.
Lake Balaton is steadily known as one of the best destinations to take vacation where you do nothing, and relish every minute of it.

Black holes have a justifiably terrifying reputation. If you drop your keys in there, forget them, because they are gone. But are matters really so bad? Can a black hole "remember" what it's eaten? In this week's "Ask a Physicist" we'll find out.
'Shop by Reddit user malmazuke
Is information physical?
Just to understand the question itself is going to require a little unpacking, and a fair amount of context. But let's start with a few handy reminders about black holes.
Black Holes and Entropy
Black holes – or at least the non-rotating ones – are incredibly simple objects. They have a point of no return, the so-called event horizon, an unknowable singularity at the center, and structurally, that's about it. If you decide to foolishly have your robot companion ("Your plastic pal who's fun to be with!") explore a black hole and he drops below the event horizon, even for an instant, he's gone forever. That's what "nothing can escape" is all about.
But to abuse an analogy, you are what you eat. Your doctor could tell what you've been shoving down your gullet by examining your blood, your vitals and, um, your leavings.
Can the same be said of a black hole? Can we tell what's fallen in just by examining the gravitational field?
According to General Relativity, there are just 3 numbers that suffice to describe everything about a black hole: Its mass, its electric charge, and its angular momentum, and for the most part, only that first number even really matters.
You're going to need a lot more than 3 numbers to reconstruct a whole robot. On the face of it, black holes are the ultimate in universal simplification. You put an object into one, and poof! No matter how complicated or how simple, it's gone. This seems to fly in the face of one of the most fundamental ideas in physics: the 2nd law of thermodynamics.
The essence of the 2nd Law is that entropy – essentially a measure of the disorder of the universe – will perpetually increase over time. But it seems as though dumping all of your entropy into a black hole allows you to violate the 2nd law entirely. Looking at the thermodynamics of it all, they're as cold as you can get – absolute zero – which means that they have no entropy at all (and, incidentally, will last forever).
Fortunately (at least for our hypothetical ongoing relationship with our robot that we dumped into the black hole at the beginning of this question), black holes have a little more going on. The randomness of the universe is going to make the event horizons astoundingly interesting places. But to understand why, we need to delve into the world of information.
Entropy and Information
In 1948, Claude Shannon, a research scientist at Bell Labs, founded a branch of research known as information theory. Just as quantum mechanics made all of modern computing physically possible, information theory revolutionized cryptography and communication and helped make innovations like the Internet possible.
One of the major results of information theory is that information and entropy are intimately related. Just as the entropy of a gas describes the number of different ways that the atoms can be interchanged with one another, the information of a signal describes the number of different messages that can be transmitted.
Suppose I send a message that is exactly two characters long. I could in principle send you 26 × 26 = 676 different messages, but most of those letter combinations would be completely meaningless. Only a few (the Scrabble dictionary lists 101) are actual words.
To the computer scientists among you, this means that while in principle it would require about 10 bits (the 1s and 0s that are used to store data) to differentiate between every possible two-letter combination, if you know that you’re transmitting a word, you only need about 7 bits. What a savings!
Communications can be significantly compressed by noticing that certain letters are used less frequently than others. Es, for example, show up way more often than Zs in the English language. If you’re playing hangman, simply knowing that a Z appears in a word dramatically decreases the number of possibilities. This is why the former is worth only one point in Scrabble and the latter is worth ten, and why the letter E in Morse code is
whereas the letter Z is
– – . .
Z takes far longer to tap out, but that’s okay, because you’re going to do it far less frequently. The more complicated (or unlikely) a message is, the more information it carries, and the more bytes of data you’d need to store it on a computer.
There are clearly some configurations of memory that are more special than others. Much like with the Scrabble letters, we could simply recognize that most combinations of 1s and 0s are garbage, but even so, picking tiles out of a bag will occasionally give us a real word. The problem is that a randomly generated (but otherwise meaningful) sequence on the board looks just as real as a word that somebody played intentionally.
If you found a disk drive with lots of seemingly random 1s and 0s, you’d quite reasonably assume that all of those bits represented real data stored on the drive. In other words, we generally assume that whatever complicated patterns are in our brain or on a Scrabble board or in the physics of the universe are somehow an accurate reflection of what really happened in the past.
Information and entropy are not the same, even though mathematically they look a lot alike. In many ways, they're opposite. A system in very high entropy contains very little information, because we know almost nothing about it. But on the other hand, a system which appears to be very high entropy can also be thought of a device with the potential for storing a great deal of information, if only you're willing to look at it closely enough.
Black Holes Leak
This brings us to black holes, and back to the original question. If black holes contain next to no information, how can they possible remember what fell into them?
In 1974, Stephen Hawking realized that black holes must ultimately radiate away into nothingness. Why? Because the vacuum of space is constantly awash with the creation of particles and antiparticles, and some get swallowed by the black hole, and some escape to make the black hole dimly (very dimly) glow.
There are some big differences between "classical" black holes (as understood by Einstein), and "quantum" black holes (extended by Hawking).
For one thing, Classical black holes last forever, so the information of what's inside isn't really an issue (as what goes inside, stays inside). Likewise, classical black holes (as we've seen) only have 3 numbers worth of information.
But once you introduce quantum mechanics things become far more interesting. For one thing, quantum black holes radiate (and ultimately evaporate), which is a fancy was of saying that they have some heat to them. Heat is the bread and butter of thermodynamics, and with it, there comes the possibility to encode information.
Black holes have a huge amount of entropy. To put things in perspective, there is about as much entropy on the surface of a single supermassive black hole (like at the center of our Galaxy) as there was in the entire observable universe at the beginning of time. All those possible "microstates" carry with them the potential for storing huge amounts of information. I should note, however, that at the moment, it's not entirely clear how information might be encoded on to the surface of a black hole.
What's more, since black holes will eventually (over quadrillions of years) evaporate, shouldn't the radiation that it sends out into the universe contain enough information to reconstruct your robot pal?
Maybe, and I don't say this to be coy. I say this because really understanding how quantum mechanics and black holes interact in a fundamental way needs to wait for a theory of Quantum Gravity that we, unfortunately, still don't have.
But that doesn't prevent us from speculating. Stephen Hawking himself has said:
If you jump into a black hole, your mass energy will be returned to our universe but in a mangled form which contains the information about what you were like but in a state where it can not be easily recognized. It is like burning an encyclopedia. Information is not lost, if one keeps the smoke and the ashes. But it is difficult to read. In practice, it would be too difficult to re-build a macroscopic object like an encyclopedia that fell inside a black hole from information in the radiation, but the information preserving result is important for microscopic processes involving virtual black holes.
What this means is that when black holes evaporate, the radiation that they give off wouldn't be a perfectly random. Instead, there would be little bumps and wiggles to the spectrum that would (if you knew enough to decode them) allow you to reconstruct what fell in. I, for one, lack that sort of patience.
Also, I'm afraid that long-term "what fell in" will include us, or at least our constituent atoms.
Does it give you any comfort that your essence will subtly encoded in a thin, freezing cold bath of radiation?
Dave Goldberg is a Physics Professor at Drexel University. His newest book, The Universe in the Rearview Mirror is here! You should definitely become a fan on facebook, or better yet, send a (non-contest) question about the universe.

Total Labor Costs and the Employment Adjustment Behavior of Large Japanese Firms
In: Labor Markets and Firm Benefit Policies in Japan and the United States
No abstract is available for this item.
|This chapter was published in: ||This item is provided by National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc in its series NBER Chapters with number
10305.||Handle:|| RePEc:nbr:nberch:10305||Contact details of provider:|| Postal: National Bureau of Economic Research, 1050 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02138, U.S.A.|
Web page: http://www.nber.org
More information through EDIRC
Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.:
- Hamermesh, Daniel S, 1989.
"Labor Demand and the Structure of Adjustment Costs,"
American Economic Review,
American Economic Association, vol. 79(4), pages 674-689, September.
- Daniel S. Hamermesh, 1988. "Labor Demand and the Structure of Adjustment Costs," NBER Working Papers 2572, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc.
- Smyth, David J & Karlson, Stephen H, 1991. "The Effect of Fringe Benefits on Employment Fluctuations in U.S. Automobile Manufacturing," The Review of Economics and Statistics, MIT Press, vol. 73(1), pages 40-49, February. Full references (including those not matched with items on IDEAS)

I have not posted in ages! I have been PURGING my WHOLE house of all the unnecessary items and organizing it so I can finally sit down to create without looking around at the disasters that creep up from pile of stuff that I have been shifting from one place to another. I still have a way to go, but my main floor and the second floor are done. YEAY! AND all those piles have finally been shifted off to donations.
Today I am posting a simple Valentine card that I made for my parents and my mother-in-law. Along with Purging my home, I am "planning" to have all of my birthday and mother's day/ father's day cards made by the end of March. That would be about 40 cards. YIKES! but I am feeling positive. So I will hopefully have many posts coming up in the future.
My card is using memory box Dies, papertrey ink stamp (i love you), a heart from Stampin up, and memory box paper.

Este fin de semana me topé con este artículo: This is what the LHC sounds like. Como no es muy extenso pero si bastante curioso lo dejaré por aquí:
A few years ago one of my friends worked at the LHC making some equipment to help correct beam drift. (I emailed her for clarification) Apparently the particles go past any fixed point in the ring at about the right frequency to land in the audible range. To get data samples, she ended up camping out with audio equipment underground in some emergency bunker next to the beam while they cooled it down and spun it up. She was stuck down there for hours – the only entrance was through the beam tunnel, which was superchilled (and radioactive? I’ve emailed her for the full story.)
Anyway, I got some of the audio recordings off her (because why wouldn’t you??) and they’ve been sitting on my computer for the last couple of years. I just saw an AMA by some CERN researchers who also have never heard the beam. And people on quora who say the same.
So for maybe the first time on the internet, this is what the LHC sounds like:
I have some more samples too that I’ll upload once I get the full story from my friend.

Bottled water satisfies your need for the purest, freshest water possible. Our Natural Oak and Solid Porcelain water dispensers maintain the purity and enhances the beauty of bottled water. Now you can
have this beautiful combination delivered to your home. Simply contact us today!
From traditional to contemporary, our dispensers blend in to any settings. And only about one square foot of floorspace is required.
For those who prefer a more decorative look, the "Designer Collection" is available. Choose from our distinctive design and a unique coordinated appearance.
Pictured below are Traditional Blue Stripe, the Southwest, and Floral designs.

How to write a thesis
You are probably nearing the end of your studies which means that you have to write a thesis. As a result, you are now conducting investigative research on how to write a thesis in order to ensure that the thesis you write is of high quality. Thesis writing is a time consuming task that has to be well prepared and planed. Below are the steps to follow while writing a thesis.
- a) Step 1: Conduct research in order to establish an ideal topic of your thesis.
- b) Step 2: Once you have a topic, draw up a research proposal that explains the motivation of the study and how you intend to carry out the research.
- c) Step 3: Get approval from your supervisors.
- d) Step 4: Carry out the study.
- e) Step 5: Start compiling the research report.
- f) Step 6: Proofread the research report.
- g) Step 7: Hand in your thesis
At topbestessay.com, we have experts who can help ensure that you write a high quality thesis that assures you of graduation. Place your order today. In case you have any queries, questions or needs to clarify something, feel free to contact us anytime. We are available 24/7.

Dove kicked up a flurry of controversy in the feminist blogosphere recently with their advertising campaign, which showed that women tend to judge themselves less attractive, than a stranger would judge them. Some women appreciated this message, while others (myself included) reacted more cynically.
The hidden damage caused by the dominant beauty standard is huge. Many women suffer from eating disorders, and some even die. Even those of us who appear to get off scott-free still have to put energy into overcoming toxic beauty ideals, and this is energy that we don’t get to put into other things.
But as Imran Siddiquee showed in her excellent article Women are not their own worst beauty critics, the toxic and hateful beauty standard was not created by you or me, and it does not arise from ordinary women’s lived day-to-day experiences. The beauty ideals that harm so many of us are manufactured by (male-dominated) corporations and delivered in a non-stop onslaught by the (male-dominated) media – an onslaught that Dove is of course part of.
I’ve noticed that at a few FAC events we’ve got talking about women’s history. At the Women’s Work fundraising event at least three of the performances drew on feminist history. I’d thought I’d share some relevant interesting things I’ve come across recently.
Secondly, the British Library has recently put online lots and lots of interviews with second-wave feminists, along with other resources like biographies and an interactive timeline. Set aside lots of time to look through properly. (There are also links to various other oral history projects on activism around the UK and the world.)
I also really love this segment on Women’s Hour about birth control pioneers with Dr Clare Debenham and Rebecca Findlay. This is my particular area of interest, and I’m glad to see Dr Debenham’s research getting a wider audience.
And something local – Shape East has put together a “Walking with Women” tour to celebrate women’s history in Cambridge. It can be done as a self-guided tour, or booked as a guided tour from £10 per person.
There are also plenty of offline resources in Cambridge – the Cambridge Women’s Resources Centre has a collection of the zine Spare Rib, as well as various books on women’s history and feminist politics. The Cambridge Central Library is free to join and has some good books on women’s history, for example Alison Oram’s wonderful “Her husband was a woman!”, and the archives have various materials on women’s organisations.
I know history can sometimes seem like something you have to study in an academic context to understand, but that’s really not the case. History is for everyone.

Today we made our first glorious splash pad outing of the summer.
Blaster cannons, look out!
Waterfalls are awesome!
And for dinner, I made my first zoodles! Zucchini noodles, y'all. I bought this spiralizer. Although there are models that cost 3x as much, it does a fine job. I topped the zoodles with tomatoes and fresh pesto made with basil from the garden. I thought the zoodles were just as filling as pasta, and more fun to make. Looking forward to spiralizing some cucumbers and carrots next!

so that by the Judges we shall be judged.
My house (Boniface Hill) will be starting a Bible study on the book of Judges soon, and not just by Aslan's definition. As a result of this, I'll have regular posting fodder, which I'll probably write, revise, re-revise, read, question God's wisdom in perpetuating my existence, and use the posting fodder to "put Watts in 'em, boys" or some such not-necessarily-productive-but-definitely-entertaining thing (large bangs and primary colors appeal to the young). But, one post in a hundred will probably make it past the gauntlet of semi-sentience that is my mind, and this is the first of those, in my typical sophisticated and highly technical writing style of "somewhat like a list or something."
1. Judah is the royal tribe of Israel (read the blessing in Genesis something or other), so it's not surprising that they're sent in first. What is surprising is that they ask Simeon, one of the two tribes cursed for using the sign of the covenant (circumcision) as a weapon against members of the covenant (the freshly circumcised). The result of this curse was that they didn't have a parcel of land for their own; theirs was taken out of Judah's.
2. Adoni-Bezek: literally, 'Lord of the Lighning flash' or 'Lord of the Sunrise.' In either case, this Adoni is not too hard to see as a representation of Satan, the ruler of the world: he is a Jovian figure (lightning or sunrise) who dominated the seventy nations. (In Genesis nine or ten, the seventy nations of the world are listed; when seventy nations are mentioned here it's an obvious reference to the world. Therefore, Adoni-Bezek is the "ruler of the world.") It's significant that he's the first to fall. The rest of the book is the mop-up job that we botch (much as today, the war is over, but we keep losing battles), but our sin is used to demonstrate the fact that it can't stop the Grace of God, and we'll end up winning in spite of our best efforts. So quit whining, barbeque the tri-tip, raise your glass to God and sing something, blessit (inverted profanity).
3. Big toes and thumbs: not a clue, except for the obvious military ramifications (ever thrown a spear without a thumb? I thought not). Somehow it's more significant than just this, but I don't really know how; it's like the places of the body that the blood is rubbed on. So if you know, tell me, and if it's convincing, I'll add you as an admin to my blog and try to get in on your book royalties.
4. Ten-thousand: obviously a round number, but surprising in that it's four tens instead of just three.
5. Kirjath-Arba: Kiriath means city, and Arba means four, so this is plausibly four cities that merged. However, far more interesting is that Arba was the name of the father of Anak, and therefore of the Anakim (the giants with a fondness for digital sextets that terrified the Israelites so that their bodies were scattered in the desert), so this is also plausibly a city founded by him. In any case, it's occupied by giants, and Judah kills them all; one of the reasons there are so few left today.
6. Note the five kings of the Philistines, and endure typology: the fifth day of creation is when the fishies and the cheep-cheeps were made, and the fish typically represent the gentiles (hence, we're fishers of men, and in the OT fish are almost never mentioned and are absolutely never eaten, and then Jesus comes and suddenly we didn't know that other animals were made out of food). So, the five rulers of the Philistines represent the Gentile world as a whole, and anytime you see five kings, you're fully justified in thinking "uh-oh." This becomes big with Sampson, and is huge in Revelation and anything else that John wrote.
7. And finally, they start out so gloriously... Here's the pattern:
The chief three?
1. Adam to Noah,
2. Noah to David and Ezra,
3. Daniel and Ezra to Christ and the Church.
That's all for now.

NY cops: Guide was drunk when Ohio woman drowned
Rafting guide charged in woman's death
Authorities say a whitewater rafting guide was apparently drunk when a 53-year-old Ohio woman fell out of his raft and drowned during an outing on an Adirondack river.
State police say Friday that 37-year-old Rory Fay of North Creek was charged with criminally negligent homicide in the death of Tamara Blake of Columbus while rafting Thursday morning on the Indian River in Hamilton County, 80 miles northwest of Albany.
Police say Blake, Fay and 53-year-old Richard Clar of Columbus were thrown into the water when the raft hit some rapids. Fay and Clar made it to shore. Blake's body was found 5 miles downstream in the Hudson River.
Troopers say Fay is a licensed guide employed by the Hudson River Rafting Co.
Investigators are waiting for toxicology results on Fay. A message left with his lawyer wasn't initially returned.

firstname.lastname@example.org (Twitter @kriswaaah)
Sunday, April 28, 2013
Silicon Ballet release new E.P. (at last!!)
"The new ep from
has arrived! Delay after delay after delay... but the record has finally emerged butterfly-like."
SLOWLY SLOWLY EP by SILICON BALLET
Post a Comment
Post Comments (Atom)

Thanks for all you did to help us sell our home!
Your insight into getting our home ready for the open house, as well as the steps along the way as the offer was in effect, helped to keep us “moving in the right direction”.
We know all went well because of your knowledge and experience and we really appreciate it. Take care,
Anne & Joe Molnar
Sellers of 74 Goudy Road, South Portland
Dear Jeff and Jane,
I’d like to express my thanks for all your help in the sale of my home. At 90 years of age I need all the help I can get and you provided it in spades.
I could hardly believe how quickly and efficiently you handled its sale. Many thanks,
Seller of 56 Elsmere Ave., South Portland
I want to thank you so much for all the effort you put in for the sale of my two properties. You are the consumate professional.

Personal Leather Dresser Tray
Catch everything with these handmade textured leather dresser trays from Argentina. They fit into any space with style. Perfect for the home or in the office, these make a great place for keys, wallets, cellphones, or coins! Show off your style at the front door with these catch it all leather trays. Handmade in Argentina measuring 6 x 8" with a half inch lip around all sides. Great gift!

The security of the world requires the immediate removal of the evil, corrupt, and brutal Iraqi regime of Saddam Hussein. To that end, a coalition led by the United States and supported by the United Kingdom, Australia, and forty other countries is now fighting in Iraq. As British Prime Minister Tony Blair said, the coalition's objectives in this war are clear:
". . . .they are to remove Saddam Hussein from power and ensure that Iraq is disarmed of all chemical and biological and nuclear weapons programs."
Throughout Operation Iraqi Freedom, said Prime Minister Blair, the coalition will make the well-being of the Iraqi people a prime concern:
"We want to do this campaign in a way that minimizes the suffering of ordinary Iraqi people brutalized by Saddam, to safeguard the wealth of the country for the future prosperity of the people, and to make this not a war of conquest but of liberation."
The war will take time. But the fate of Saddam Hussein and his regime, said Prime Minister Blair, is sealed:
"Saddam will go. This regime will be replaced. The Iraqi people will be helped to a better future. The weapons of mass destruction, for which a peaceful Iraq has no use, will be eliminated.
As Prime Minister Blair said, while it is certain that the coalition will encounter more difficulties in the days ahead, no less certain is the coalition's inevitable victory.

The Red 'n' Blacks got there in the end to stay unbeaten.
Coach Sam Shaw had this to say:
We came out strong in the first half, but Old Scotch fought back hard to the point that we were down a couple of goals at the final change.
To the boys' credit, they dug deep in the last to get up by a couple of points.
Sean Stanley and Jeremy Power proved instrumental inside as well as a couple of desperation efforts from Michael Batten at the start of the fourth in getting the game back on our terms.
Paddy Phillips was heavily involved in the midfield and forward, looking a cut above for most of the day, while Tom Williamson proved a solid target up forward, bagging 3 goals despite being out-numbered for most of the day.
Tom Hart and Will Mantesso continued to string consistent performances together with sweeping roles across half back.
While not our most complete performance, the group showed great character to turn around a poor third quarter showing and get the job done late.
The boys definitely sung the song as loud as a Jack Gilbert goal celebration (credit Batten for this one).
Old Xaverians 5.3-33 7.4-46 10.6-66 13.8-86
Old Scotch 3.0-18 6.6-42 11.9-75 12.12-84
Goal Kickers: P. Phillips 3, T. O'Brien 2, T. Williamson 2, S. Stanley, B. Scala, H. Brennan, J. Gilbert, J. Hess, N. Russ
Best Players: P. Phillips, W. Mantesso, N. Russ, J. Power, T. Williamson, T. Hart

After raising capital at a 35% discount over the weekend, Deutsche Bank shares are tumbling once again – back into the red for 2017 – after CEO John Cryan warned that revenue would be "broadly flat" in 2017. As Bloomberg reports,
Germany’s biggest bank has seen revenue falling or little changed from last year across most of its businesses. For the full year, the lender expects revenue to be “broadly flat,” it said in its annual report published Monday.
While an economic recovery in Europe, expectations for fiscal stimulus in the U.S. and rising interest rates should bolster the bank, “2017 will remain a year of change,” Cryan said in the report.
In a prospectus for the offering, also published Monday, the bank said “segmental revenues” through mid-March are “slightly lower” than in the comparable period last year. Revenue was flat in equities sales and trading, while debt sales and trading as well as corporate finance are up from a year earlier, though by a smaller margin than in the first two months. Revenue in the private wealth and commercial clients unit is flat in the first two months of the year, and global transaction banking declined.
And the "cautious" outlook is not appreciated by shareholders…
Deutsche Bank said earlier this month that the new phase of its overhaul will cause the loss of additional jobs, without specifying how many. That comes after an announcement in 2015 that it would eliminate about 9,000 jobs by the end of 2018 to cut costs.
“Our progress should become even more visible once we resolve outstanding litigation matters, modernize our technology and further strengthen our controls,” Cryan said in a letter to shareholders. “This will entail additional restructuring expenses.”
Judging by the stock's recent collapse – there's more work to be done.

SWEET toothed history buffs can find out more about liquorice at an exhibition in Ponetfract.
A mini exhibition of liquorice memorabilia goes on display at Pontefract Castle Visitors Centre next week.
It acknowledges the town and the castle’s long connection to liquorice, which has been grown in Pontefract from the Middle Ages, and in the castle grounds from the 1660s.
Coun David Dagger, Wakefield Council’s cabinet member with responsibility for heritage, said: “Pontefract is one of the hidden gems of the district, and liquorice and Pontefract Cakes are at its heart, so it’s important that we promote this historic link between the castle and the small black sweets that the town gave its name to.”
Visitors to the castle can still see liquorice growing in the castle grounds, in the herb garden cared for by the Friends of Pontefract Castle.
It is open Wednesday to Sunday, 11am til 3pm, with underground tours at 3pm.

The track, which is off of Tech's upcoming album Special Effects, is essentially an opportunity for the three MCs to puff out their chests and prove they're in a rarified class of lyricists.
But how do they come up with such intricate and insane flows and rhyme patterns?
"I'll sit there and just wait," Tech said on "Sway in the Morning" shortly after the premiere, both about his process in general, and for this track. "In my living room, I'll just wait for the word, and it always comes. So I sit next to my Google -- I love my Google, because I gotta make sure I'm using the word in the right context, because words will just pop up in my head, I'm like, damn, what's happening, who's putting these words in my head?"
It turns out Em's approach isn't too far off from that.
"It's probably very similar," Slim told Sway, calling in remotely. "Like, I'll get my starting line and I'll try and figure out -- just mumble words to myself until I find the right ones I wanna use. Or, sometimes, a word will pop in my head, I'll be like, what the f--k? Lemme write that sh-t down. I put it at the bottom of my pad, and then I'll start coming up with words and then OK, this goes here. It's like a puzzle."
Tech has been talking for years about wanting to collab with the Detroit rapper, so finding the right song was crucial.
"I just wanted to send him something that he thought was dope," he explained. "Because if it was bonk, and it was half-assed, I don't think he would have did it. The timing was right, and when I heard the beat, I said, this is Eminem."
"I'm just glad that Seven did a beat that was so powerful enough to make Marshall wanna do what the f--k he did, because the beats make you do these things. The beat makes me wanna ride it a certain way, so for him to get the beat and do all that to it, that meant the beat had to be massive. I'm just glad I gave him something that he thought was good."
Fans are surely glad, too.

I wish journalism still held the same thirst for truth as it did in the 1940’s. Maybe it’s just a stereotype but I love the concept of seeking truth not popularity. Certainly within Australia’s nighttime news programs (such as “today tonight” and “A Current Affairs”) are competing both with other news programs and television shows for ratings. The “news” stories are often very emotional, which recently is causing speculation that the stories have been twisted or manipulated to create more ratings. Recently there has been great concern over the ownership of the media. Who owns the media? Who controls the content? The problem is someone will always own the media; it’s how much they own that is the problem.
If the audience is not allowed different perspective, different information, then there is only one thought they will hold. Their thinking is controlled; and I know what you’re thinking because I thought it too… Why doesn’t the government take a bit of control back from these corporations? The issue then is your have the government controlling stories about themselves and their policies. Consider the restriction of the media in China. In Mao’s leadership he used the media dramatically with his propaganda.
So what does this all mean for consumers? We can’t just trust the government to control what information is given to us and we can’t trust the corporations that own the media now to give us all the facts and all the stories, not just the ones they want us to see. In high school we were taught to make ourselves socially literate…Well what does that mean? There are 8 areas people can improve to make themselves socially literate:
- Empathises with people of different societies and cultures
- is capable of informed decision making and takes considered action on social issues
- shows critical discernment towards the media
- is interested in, observes, and asks questions about the immediate (micro) and wider (macro) world
- is self aware, with a sense of personal, social and cultural identity
- shows concern for the welfare, rights and dignity of all people
- understands continuity and change and the implications for the future in a global context
- communicates effectively 
What that all means is that you become someone who doesn’t simply accept the information they are given. Yes what that report said on the news this afternoon may all be true, but what is the other sides opinion? What aren’t they telling us? Even though we aren’t given the truth at least we can learn not to accept that it may not be true.

This incredibly refreshing and crisp spritzer is the perfect summertime refreshment... The Lemongrass Spritzer is quite the crowd-pleaser! It's a little sour, a little sweet, and full of flavor! The floral notes of the lavender truly complement the fresh and subtle sweetness of the Lemongrass Balsamic Vinegar. This drink is easy to mix together and provides a fantastic way to use Lemongrass Balsamic from The Olive Press in the kitchen! Substitute seltzer water for Nancy's Cuvee for a non-alcoholic option.
2 Teaspoons Lemon Juice
1 Sprig of Lavender
1 Tablespoon Lemongrass Balsamic Vinegar
Cline Cellars Nancy's Cuvee Sparkling Wine
Sliced Lemon Wheel and Lavender Sprigs (For Garnish)
Muddle the lemon juice, lavender, and Lemongrass Balsamic Vinegar together.
Strain the mixture and pour into a glass for serving.
Top the mixture with Nancy's Cuvee Sparkling Wine.
Garnish with lavender sprigs and lemon wheel.

Sony BMG Music Entertainment lost $49 million on sales in its first fiscal quarter, the company confirmed yesterday. This contrasts with the same period last year, when the company had a new income of $21 million.
The company’s three best sellers this year have been Usher’s Here I Stand, Leona Lewis’ Spirit and Neil Diamond’s Home Before Dark.
Parent company Sony recently revealed its net profit fell to $325 million, down from $617 million the year before, mainly on strength of sliding handset sales at Sony Ericsson.
Meanwhile, reports claim Sony remains interested in acquiring Bertelsmann’s 50 per cent share of Sony BMG. The Financial Times reported last month that Bertelsmann wants $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion to pull out of the joint venture. Seems the deal could be sealed within a month.