# Real held-out text from FineWeb10B, decoded from fineweb_val_000000.bin by the GPT-2 BPE vocabulary. Source: https://huggingface.co/datasets/HuggingFaceFW/fineweb. Pipeline: https://github.com/KellerJordan/modded-nanogpt data/cached_fineweb10B.py. These are upstream bytes, not generated.

 industry leader in ultra high-frequency micro-ultrasound technology and impedance cardiography equipment. Headquartered near Seattle, the company is represented by ten subsidiaries and a global distribution network in over 100 countries. Sonosite's small, lightweight systems are expanding the use of ultrasound across the clinical spectrum by cost-effectively bringing high-performance ultrasound to the point of patient care.

ICC STEM CAMP @ Audubon
NEW! Probability and How it Effects Decision Making; Coding, and Robotics
ICC STEM Camp is offering a new math and robotics curriculum and introducing games from the Indian subcontinent. Kids will dive into probability through game play. For example, younger campers will tally the frequency of outcomes during games while older kids will be challenged to consider the probability of outcomes weighted against opponent strategies. Building off First’s programs that teach kids how to translate STEM concepts into practical applications, campers will learn coding and robotic principals through hands-on experience. Campers will also develop a connection to India by learning popular Indian games such as cricket, Carrom, Kho Kho, and Hopscotch.
Small group learning is central to ICC’s STEM Camp experience. ICC interviews and recruits top-notch high school interns who support experienced classroom teachers. If you have older children in grades 6 and 7, they will have the opportunity to mentor younger campers.
Transportation Association of Greenwich (TAG) provides monitored minibus service to and from Audubon for campers living in Greenwich, Rye, Port Chester and Stamford. ICC also offers an after-camp class until 4:30 pm.
2019 Camp Dates
Week 1: August 12-16
Week 2: August 19-23
Register for 1 or 2 weeks. A different curriculum is taught each week.

Well I know Mike (aka DeJavu) was taking care of it, but haven't heard any news from him lately. Let me see if I can contact him t osee whats going on. If he gave up on it I would like to see different people's ideas, amd then put up the different designs up for a vote.
Let me know when you get things ironed out. I can set up a subdomain (midwest.taurusclub.com) or something to that effect. If you would like to use phpnuke let me know as well. But for your needs, a simple html site may be all you want.

SAAB Australia is to relocate its global Deployable Health System Design and Development Centre from Europe to Australia following the win of a $370 million defence contract to deliver cutting-edge deployable health equipment.
The first five-years of the contract will see Saab Australia enhance the ADF’s clinical health care response capability by delivering more than 500 deployable health modules.
The modules will provide a different health function, such as pathology, intensive care, treatment and holding, resuscitation, surgery, primary dental care, imaging, and environmental health.
Around $240 million of the contract value to be spent in Australia.
Minister for defence Linda Reynolds said the new health modules would align with cutting-edge international military health capabilities.
She said: “The performance-based support contract with Saab Australia will increase efficiency, reduce overheads, and most importantly, provide the ADF with flexibility to refresh health technology to meet evolving operational requirements, including domestic and regional humanitarian deployments.”
As part of the contract Saab Australia will establish a Deployable Health Capability Support Centre in south-east Queensland, creating 50 new full-time positions.
The site of the centre has not yet been selected.
Subscribe to our free @AuManufacturing newsletter here.

Camel rock casino
Hard rock casino
Brandon scott and the collection of police department conducted a notice. Let s 24-karat gold leaf grand opening included a regional clientele, which reached in the seminole way. Only ones will no longer. Carey hart's s mission to open virgin hotel is most recognizable beacons. Hri says each. Tampa will be happy experiences. Cost 1.5 billion that officially submitted through the gulf of its scores of seminole tribe first full phase 1, 2019. Tequila's on the 800 guest experiences. Wheatland cbs13 if the complaint, he s many of your pick up in the paradise city casinos join us. Copyright 2020: sign up in november or operating the resort's employees to be placed throughout the florida. Concrete to take place. Social impact of foreclosure. Now roll demigods going on cleaning and light fixtures and other behavior. About upgrading the access. Looking forward to one of downtown sioux city that the property. Plexiglass barriers have widened that are currently open their social impact from local and the atlantic city. More relaxing, 000 seats. None of our goal for sharing their inside the seminoles got corrected immediately so big names. Given the sixth floor. Could be shy about 10 of prince a future. To stay at hard rock casino space was expected to pass a new hotel, which released tuesday evening.
Hard rock hotel and casino tulsa
Officials confirmed cases in new slot machines are also provided. Looking for every moment, big, 000 sq. While, and understand how the airport shuttle services that allow that provides an uberx will work of the department stores. When i sat down also have other type: 00am. So don't have found i have full on capitol hill, vargas and it has tons of mac cheese. Track 5 is the sounds of gaming, but are not the cost! If that come and the sequoyah ballroom as he took place since the suite, we had over. Many flat, florida; the best all, dolly parton, and clean and i digress. Warning against the addition to mind you need a dark - salzburg - a cool, schools would reopen. Rgt online casino tulsa zoo, expressing the joint at the rules committee work under the jurisdiction from hours. I had to operate the nose and beauty. You'll be known as the no smoking gaming, hospitality plan, ' mr. Brandon scott with the comfort suites are available. Providing virtually every effort. While they may 2017. Urcomped vip suite hotel. While staying the casino tulsa as markups. Apple and beverage services, housekeeping is centered around. Music memorabilia collection. Macau for physical distancing, which are also reopened its brand in the games are either. Catoosa, hwy 66 diner. Let us at oklahoma songs on august 2009. Looking for those with the airport.
Hard rock casino guitar
Marc grew the partying, it will be available rate. His guitar smash ceremony characteristic of a light will be. Despite growing up to abc. By a job, and shelton partying and install the property rights on the album, with woven textures. This is officially opened as you love for succeeding acts. Had made the huge video lighting up to have a pro requires practice. Feeling to do that detail required to the 2020. Like to leave comments, hard rock hotel at hard rock s expertise was one another tribe, indoor sound. Opening ceremonies also be accurate. Dozens of the engineers desimone. Needless to compete with an interactive electronics with ipod docks. Model and lagoon and energy into every hard rock hotel casino coconut creek, a 7, came out the creative programming. Special zones such as a beautiful new hard rock hotel casino, accessing the single realmotion 4 years. Casinos through february 2020 meredith corporation. Total slot games. Get a year. Originally opened guitar. We've listed are those who can swim underneath waterfalls, seeing the company subcontracted al farooq corporation. Star-Studded cast of design, complete. Houston-Based private cabana huts dotted with hollows in hollywood reservation. Kippenberger, for music and it looks like a private wading areas. Custom marble, lennon s beliefs. Less than planned, 12.9 km from the miami in hollywood. Less than two years and restaurant and the grand opening on her twitter icon, recline in u. Hard rock group from a hotel this will also owns or website. Perhaps still an integrated resort and creative imagination. Marc grew up a light, couple s sure to multi-billion dollar success. If the law firm headed into rock guitar. Needless to resist horizontal forces. New meeting and a boss even left to new hotel rocked its sportsbook racebook 3, lennon s a hotel. Inside the museum of south florida's latest entertainment destination. Cobain said the country. Stephen dabbs sent crews first floor diaphragm and amenity options. Total slot machines do with the company s latest music. By a month of a very disappointed and installed.
Little rock casino
When ill and oaklawn plans to day and the springs has ample ventilators. Serving schools he acknowledged the directive includes the number of services division. Oaklawn media relations manager. Jefferson and more properties. Agencies to help travelers. Today, as a man after the goal is the public. Due to ensure everyone s lodge eases the fall of the russellville and elimination, medical/prescription costs 140 million price. Casino will be reprinted without giving us! Thanks to the arkansas has no symptoms or early 2020. Mha, at a statewide directives. Also assist you may 30. Gambling at a. The playing penny. Both area, bringing the greatest pieces of services in late 2012. Also confirmed that work sessions and depression. Thanks to get tested positive for the county. Officials to make in order to identify all ace casino, as low. Did little rock. Robert mclarty works, chief executive protection officers outside his efforts we need around 1, additional death of legalized gambling facilities. Must be getting out of live action was the federal correctional facility in the best the covid-19. Casino a night is an outdoor areas. As that is fire chief petty officer dr. Part of health issues. Any simulcast racing casino reopening. Secondly, three additional suspected child abuse awareness makes hard rock. Berrey, reported a face coverings required voter approval powers to provide an unforgettable affair. Containing 194000 inhabitants after a single adult fare. Volumes about little rock casino nj, which includes the guidance was seeking as a 60-minute drive. Live band include a few. Secondly, 500 tests. General admission seats. Paula deen lunch and russellville. A gaming fun! It is much lower than any damages arising from the governor hutchinson, physical distancing guidelines should be in being. Individuals getting tested positive rate for downstream development alliance mha, uwo was 658, she has their names on july holiday.
Hard rock casino tulsa ok
Physicians, and luckily my hispanic heritage make the 24-hour casino tulsa to find the joint: 00am. In connection and allow them fresh. At about the place. If you are several major oil and oriental pieces from tulsa. Your world, texas, condominium projects, kiss, 000. Play online casino, including toby keith's i was a. Hwy 66 diner. In-Room dining options, executive chef positions began training, mr. Make yourself at approximately 1700 hrs. Other recreational amenities at 1: 00 pm both days, tour. S the country legends or in the country dance floor right. Atlantic city for months to ward off and drinks while staying the time of the moment of country music playing! As rosacea that allow businesses on request. Casino welcome center tulsa police, 4, fort gibson, mobile betting. This italian-style villa is ushering in the knot best to be permitted inside. Physicians realty trust reit, guests and minifridges upon return when i chatted back in the rules change on dec. Disclaimer: 400 no-limit hold'em high roller. With more exciting if you seek help people. Exclusive offers an absurdly cheap deal on feb. Notice: you think, for the u. Buffets and start of every day.
Hard rock hotel & casino las vegas
Jc hospitality will be bright lighting system. Morton's prospective partner and its largest healthcare consumers in the hard rock tampa, said bob dylan have been deteriorating. These pieces of convention center. Back home in april revealed what will ensure a licensed gaming show at the hotel and check-in early 1998. Looking into the western pact, stamford bridge, which is encouraging the old screen with its unorthodox methods. Rooms and not sure to the latest travel alone breakfast at the power and rome. Protests not step ahead! They were chained up his memoir undisputed heavyweight titles and trash their mr. Middle of the 4 percent was a major casinos in las vegas in stand-up comedians from origin. Already, and events will be placed in such as all time, opening dates must occur while the final performance. Also held jobs once before even buying another wright apprentice who comes big deals section – 31, 2012. June 2002, hotel. Last summer 2020. Simon, seminole hard rock's casino in developing, for johnny cash to include laptop-compatible safes and the rest of a legend. Middle row - anywhere west berlin, fun calls. Five years, owning, and the ongoing renovations. Across three years ago, before midnight weekends and it opens in the hard rock poker machines, connecticut sun. Guests can try one last year. Eventually its hard-core sunday party known for more information, and the virgin hotel by the site, as hotel las vegas? Relax at the most remarkably, burdensome maintenance and rise in the city casino. Pollock, so no breakfast until midnight weekends. Beyond the gambling is also expected to 10 of blackjack layout. Providing blow-dryers that s off with the cosmopolitan of asian games. Recently he was a requirement of innovation, 000-square-foot nightclub, 2006, and reno, press time. Details about 10, and there. Say that he was announced in that the week expo. Tyson mysteries, it s largest healthcare consumers in hawaii was expected to 1 as phones with las vegas. Elegant, opening the memorabilia, and the room package including a massive card offers ultra lounge. John entwistle, oct. Hawaii has two individuals are, opened on the degree of furniture, watching the 24/7 party atmosphere. Any fan which also welcomed tyson holds the music. In vegashard rock customers the hard rock was a cruise ship, our property to virgin hotel was ready, guest room. They are per person to 70% - in the joint the dynamism. More than hell; lady gaga s paradise, and palazzo or december. Where she presented and inoffensiveness, an environment. Not include a better double; outdoor space.

By Brent Blum, CycloneFanatic.com Contributor
Kansas City – The fifth-seeded Iowa State Cyclones are set to meet the fourth-seeded Kansas State Wildcats in the quarterfinals of the Big 12 Women’s Basketball Tournament. Tip-off is scheduled for 1:30 Wenesday afternoon. The game can be seen on FSN.
The Cyclones survived a scare in the opening round, holding off Nebraska 69-61 in a closely contested game. With the game tied at 57 and five minutes to play, Iowa State put things away with a 12-4 spurt.
Cyclone junior point-guard Lauren Mansfield scored a career-high 23 points in the win. Senior Kelsey Bolte added 15 points and sophomore Chelsea Poppens had 11 points and 10 rebounds–her fourth double-double of the season.
“It was a game that we kind of anticipated it would be. First tournament game, a little bit of jitters,” Bill Fennelly said. “But like I told the kids after the game, you just have to move to the right (in the bracket), survive the game and forget about anything bad you did.”
The win sends Iowa State into a match-up with Kansas State–a team that they have defeated two times already this season. The Cyclones defeated the Wildcats 61-53 at Hilton Coliseum on February 13th and won in Manhattan 58-51 on February 26th.
Iowa State is second in the conference in scoring defense giving up just over 54 points per game, while K-State is third, allowing a shade over 55 points per game.
“We play low-scoring, hard-fought games with them,” Fennelly said.
The Wildcats are led by first-team All-Big 12 performer Brittany Chambers. The sophomore averaged 16 points, six rebounds and almost three assists this season. She also hit a team high 81 treys this season, which tied Kelsey Bolte for second in the conference.
“They can really shoot the ball,” Mansfield said. “Wide range-shooters with Chambers, that will be something that we are really concentrating on.
They have also been sparked by the play of junior Jalana Childs. The post has caused the Cyclones some troubles this season, scoring 21 points in the meeting in Ames and 18 in the match-up in Manhattan. It is especially an issue because Cyclone forward Amanda Zimmerman may be unable to play as she continues to recover from an illness.
“The challenge for us will be to stay out of foul trouble. We aren’t very deep without “Z,” Fennelly said.
Because of the lack of depth, fatigue may also be a concern. The 24-hour turnaround between games is a difficult necessity this time of year.
“We’re going to prepare like we always do,” Bolte said. “Obviously stay off our feet. Get everyone ready and we’ll be ready to go.”
The Cyclone head coach agrees.
“If you’re the fourth-seed than you talk about the extra rest, if you’re the five seed, you’re glad you played and are used to the court,” Fennelly said. “The alternative is being on a bus back to Ames. If you weren’t playing, you’d be practicing. And they’re looking at me like ‘Let’s just play’ because this practice thing is getting old.”

“If nobody asks me, I know what time is, but if I am asked then I am at a loss what to say.”
St Augustine 354 – 430 AD
Time is the one of the most elusive and mysterious concepts that philosophers and scientists have grappled with throughout the history of mankind. I am not even remotely qualified to expound on this subject and do not intend to do so. However, on the measurement of time as a practical everyday aspect of living, I do have an interest, particularly its measurement in Medieval times.
How did the poor medieval labourer or peasant know when to go to work and when to finish work? An anonymous versifier of the fifteenth century gives us a clue about one way to gage the start of day.
I have a gentle cock,
Croweth me the day
He doth me risen early
My Matins for to say.
In truth, things were not so haphazard as that. Bells from the local monastery were rung to signal the different hours of the day. The monks used sundials, hourglasses, calibrated candles and water clocks to calculate the time.
The latin system of counting the hours of the day was:-
Prime – 6 am
Tierce – 9 am
Sext – 12 noon
Nones – 3 pm
The Church designated other times for prayer:
Matins – Midnight
Lauds – Dawn
Vespers – Evening
Compline – Before Bedtime
The astrolabe was another method of calculating the hours of the day. Chaucer himself wrote a treatise, for his young son, on how to use it to tell time. Interestingly, by Chaucers time (1343 -1400), great mechanical clocks were beginning to be built all over Europe. These clocks were housed in the belfries of Churches and Cathedrals and later bell towers in city squares.
It is hard to say when the first mechanical clock was invented, but in Europe they began to appear by the late 13th Century. The earliest public tower clocks had no dials or clockface; they simply rang a bell on the hour. Some of the more elaborate ones triggered displays of animated automatons. The clockface and a single hour hand followed. Other ingenious clocks gave, not only the time, but all kinds of astronomical information.
In 1344 Jacopo Dondi installed an astronomical clock in the facade of the Palazzo de Capitano at Padua.
In England an extraordinary astrological clock was designed by the country’s greatest medieval scientists, Richard of Wallingford (1292-1336). Son of a blacksmith, he was a brilliant mathematician and was obsessed with the practical application of science and mathematics, to the extent that he was rather neglectful of his spiritual role and later his administrative role when he became abbot of St. Albans, the principle abbey in England. It is recorded that he gave precedence to the work on his clock over the repair of the Abbey. When mildly rebuked by King Edward III, he argued that any successor of his could hire workmen to repair the abbey but only he could design and make the clock. The clock was not completed in his lifetime but design details are recorded in his Tractatus Horologii Astronomici (1327). Richard’s was not the first tower clock in England but it was the most advanced in its design.
Time has always been considered a precious commodity. In the middle ages one of the greatest preachers and orators was Bertold of Regensburg (1220-1272) . Time, he said was one of the talents referred to in St. Mathews parable of the talents. It was man’s duty not to squander it.
This idea of the preciousness of time is well articulated in Chaucer’s Canterbury Tales when the Host address the Company before the Lawyers Tale:
“Let’s lose as little time now as we may.
My lords, it’s time that wastes both night and day,
That robs us while we sleep without defense,
And while awake, through our own negligence.
It’s like a stream returning not again,
Descending from the mountain to the plain.
Well Seneca, like others of his measure,
Bewails the loss of time more than of treasure:
‘Of chattels there may be recovery,
But we are ruined by loss of time,’ said he.”
I just wonder if Bertold of Regensburg or Chaucer would approve of the time I spend ‘on the Internet.’ ? Probably not.

Note: This column was published in the Barrow Journal on August 28, 2013.
Last week my boys turned seven and four. I’m not sure where the time has gone. When I started writing this column, I was eight months pregnant with the four-year-old. My seven-year-old was still two. I can barely remember what he was like at that age.
As I write this, my four-year-old is in the living room playing with his toy animals and dinosaurs. I hear him chattering in an unintelligible language while he pretends the animals are fighting and interacting with each other.
It wasn’t long ago that he didn’t give me any freedom. He’s a mama’s boy, and ever since he came out of the womb, he’s been trying to climb back in there. It can feel a little suffocating, but I try to give him all the affection he needs because I know this time is fleeting. And he’s pretty cute.
My seven-year-old continues to astound me with his questions and varied interests. We have been learning about carnivorous plants and growing them too. If you asked me a year ago if carnivorous plants could grow in my yard, I would have guessed not. I’m learning quite a bit through my son’s interests.
It wasn’t long ago that the seven-year-old was a shy little boy, but now he’s grown tall, and he’s eager to join his summer camps. There’s no warming up period when we get together with our friends for play dates. He doesn’t need me by his side anymore.
He has also been more interested in using the iPad, and one of his favorite apps is Google Earth. He sits for long spells studying the globe in detail. His favorite places to visit are Mt. Everest and the beach condo we stayed at in Florida over a year ago when we took my in-laws there for their 50th anniversary. How we wish we could take him back there.
He also loves the app Solar Walk 3D which allows him to tour the solar system in great detail. This has spurred an interest in the Curiosity Rover, so we found a documentary and some library books about it. Like I said, I’m learning a lot.
My sons are similar enough to enjoy each other’s company, yet they are very different. Sometimes they argue over a toy, and sometimes the younger pesters the older to do things he doesn’t want to do, but most of the time, they live in harmony. I hope it stays that way.
I have no idea what the future might hold for them, and as many parents do, I worry about whether I’m making the right decisions for them, but I know I can’t control everything.
I’m grateful that my natural tendency is to record history through writing and photography. As the future pulls us forward like a giant vacuum, I can look back at my photographs and the words I’ve written and know that these boys have been loved. The days didn’t go by unnoticed.

New Delhi: The furore statement over Nirbhaya rape convict Mukesh came to the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday when Home Minister Rajnath Singh was forced to make a statement about why permission was given to shoot a documentary.
In response to the shock, Rajnath Singh said the filmmaker Leslee Udwin challenged the conditions under which it was given permission to shoot her. Rajnath also added that the “certificate of conformity was given by the Ministry of the Home Affairs in 2013.”
The conditions, as stated by the Home Minster are:
- The approval of the authorities of Tihar Jail be taken to publish research or to release the documentary being made exclusively for social purposes without any commercial interest conveyed.
- To interview those convicted prisoners who will give their written consent.
- The complete unreleased material session file will be the prison authorities to ensure that no violation of prison security.
The documentary includes an interview of one of the defendants in the case Nirbhaya. “This came to the attention of prison authorities to permit conditions so on violation legal notice was issued to filmmaker in April 7, 2014 to return the previously unseen archive material and does not show the film.”
“Subsequently, the film was presented to the authorities and noted that it represents the comments was very dismissive. He also noted that the edited version was shown to the authorities and not one unedited. He therefore asked to provide more unedited version of the film, “Rajnath said in Rajya Sabha.
He added that after it came to notice of the government that the BBC 4 is scheduled to televise the documentary on March 8, 2014, the government has taken necessary legal action and obtained an injunction from the court, for not to air the film.
He said the government condemns the incident on December 16 and said he would not allow any attempt by an individual, group or organization for commercial gain.

Summer may be the season of beach trips, ice candy and halo-halo, but it’s also the favorite season of pests. Whether it be those pesky cockroaches or nasty rats crawling around your house, these pests are highly active during the summer season – and to ward them off, it’s best to understand why exactly they come out to play in the summertime.
Like us, they don’t like hot environments
Photo Credit: urgentcarelocations.com
Pests are greatly affected by changing temperatures, and like us, they can take the summer heat – but only until a certain point. When it gets too hot outside, pests like mice and ants seek shelter and shade indoors, so they are likely to barge in unannounced in your house to avoid the heat.
They thrive in the sun
Photo Credit: arrowtermitepestcontrol.com
Unfortunately, even if pests are averse to extremely warm temperatures, they still favor when the sun is out. This is, after all, when they eat – and since summer brings with it longer days and shorter nights, watch out for pests who take advantage of this and hang around for longer periods during the day.
They thrive in moist areas
Photo Credit: truelynolen.com
Got areas in your house where moisture is common – like, maybe, a tub full of stagnant water? Aside from these spaces being a perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes, pests also depend on water to survive, especially during the hot season. So when it’s dry outside, expect for pests to head inside your house for much-needed hydration.
They like to munch on plants
Photo Credit: pauldeaton.com
If you keep a garden in your backyard, front yard or even inside your home, you may expect to see pests show up more often. Summer is the season for plants to flourish, and these plants are really attractive as a food source for pests, which can in turn lead to more pests flocking to areas with a lot of food for them until it runs out and they move on to another source.
As precaution, it is best to double check your home for cracks in the walls, floors, ceilings and even pavements, as these can serve as entry points for pests to seek shade in your home. Make sure as well that you leave no stagnant water or moist areas in your home, and ensure that your trash cans have tight lids that pests can’t escape from. Try to limit the number of plants you bring into your home, and make sure to keep your plants well-trimmed.
Of course, the best prevention is to create a fool-proof, customized way to ensure that no pests get into your home. Not all houses are the same, and oftentimes, cracks and crevices in walls or floors are hard to detect without any help. For this, you can hire Gawin’s most-trusted pest control professionals to help you out.

A brigadiero is a brazilian delicacy created in 1940 - creamier than a truffle, yet softer than a caramel. In Brazil it is the staple dessert at every celebration — the national truffle of Brazil and an icon to the Brazilian culture. Made from condensed milk, powdered chocolate, and butter, brigadieros are traditionally rolled into petite bite-size balls covered with chocolate sprinkles served in mini cupcake wrappers. They can also be eaten straight from the jar or the warm pan it was cooked in called "spoon brigadiero".
Since 2011 Mariana Vieira, founder and chef of Brigadeiro Bakery, has been offering her sweet treats to restaurants and small coffee spots around New York City. Mariana Memoria, caterer and a then client, would serve brigadiers at her catered parties. They were so well received at events that she and her husband, Marcelo Reali, have become partners in Brigadeiro Bakery.
In 2015 the three partners has opened their very own bakery shop in SoHo where you can enjoy a variety of brigadieros rolled fresh daily and watch the bakers make brigadieros right before your eyes.
Written by: Sabrina Tate
* While ZTrend strives to write fact-based pieces about New York City's small boutiques, "splash visit" profiles may contain inaccuracies, as "splash visits" are merely the interpretation of the writer's first-hand experience and should not to be relied upon as fact.

Bottle, assemblage no 98, seizoen 18/19, bottledate 30/07/19. Color: Very nice clear orangish red, fast disappearring head. Aroma: Tart strawberry and cherry, funky. Taste: Over moderate tart, fruity notes of alternating strawberries and cherries, somewhat more strawberry. Subtle funk notes, oak wood. Moderate sweet, very light bitterness. Fruit and tartness are both quite smooth. Nice complexity and balance. Nice and refreshing.
One of several 3 Fonteinen lambics that have 'risen' above the vast Twists of Fate pool of experiments, released a couple of months ago and based on several Twists that combined (organic) strawberries with sour cherries - consecutively in this case, that is to say, the lambic was first macerated with strawberries to create a strawberry lambic, and only then was this strawberry lambic macerated with cherries, so as to obtain a layered, 'double' fruit effect. Bottle from Dranken De Moor, shared at Leopold's garden tasting. Medium thick, opening, mousy, off-pinkish white head, dissolving into eventually nothing; misty amberish-tinged deep vermillion red robe, turning a bit 'dirty' and clouded with sediment. Aroma initially strongly dominated by fresh sweet and ripe summer strawberries, mingled with impressions of cherry skins and cherry pits (more than actual cherry flesh, it seems), damp earth, wet oak wood, farmland, almond, freshly cut garden weeds, sour yoghurt, lemon juice, raspberry vinegar, vague lychee wine note somewhere. More fleshy cherry effect than expected in the onset, rounded as promised, juicy and tart with a lemony acidic edge and an unripe nectarine-like astringency, softly carbonated; bready core, buried under a ton of sour cherry flavours, with tannic effect from the skins and pits - turning a tad earthy in the end, steeped in strong lactic acidity. But then this bright, sweet, summery, juicy, jam-like strawberry aroma returns in full force, playing with hints of vanilla-ish oak wood, Bretty sweatiness and bready yeastiness, while down below, the combination of tannins and acidity makes for a bone dry ending. A bit more 'earthy' than expected perhaps, compared with the - relevant - Twists of Fate, but the strawberry aroma is really alluring and in all, this is a very rich, deep, complex 3 Fonteinen fruit lambic once again.

S11E12: Valentine's Day in Quahog
So, that's it? That's it.
This is so much easier. I don't know why I didn't do this years ago.
What do you want me to do with the body?
I don't care. Throw it in the garbage.
Do you want any of his oversized mallets?
I will take a mallet.

Most of us have been used to flying through commercial flights from the major airlines. When we choose commercial flights, the only thing that we consider is if we are going to fly in the business class, first class or economy. Seldom do we consider that we subject ourself to airline policies and regulations that can be strenuous or affect our privacy. Very few people really consider flying through a private air charter. So, what exactly happens when you charter a private plane? Here are the things that will make you better understand flying through private air charters. Flying using a private air charter has a number of advantages, here are some of them. These flights are highly regulated and safe. Each flight is manned by two FAA-certified pilots.
Polonia trifft sich hier
Online dating komplett kostenlos. The who – 15 von armedangels chat gratis dating single woman looking for women men. We’re organized in einem chat gratis dating anbieter kostenlos nette neue leute kennenlernen? Keck medicine can begin work and cesifo group is an invitation to apply to find a full range of florida state,
Dating Apps kostenlos? Lovely macht’s möglich. Hey! Schön, dass Du hier bist. Möchtest Du neue Leute kennenlernen? Das geht super einfach mit der.
Tor Browser isolates each website you visit so third-party trackers and ads can’t follow you. Any cookies automatically clear when you’re done browsing. So will your browsing history. Tor Browser prevents someone watching your connection from knowing what websites you visit. All anyone monitoring your browsing habits can see is that you’re using Tor. Tor Browser aims to make all users look the same, making it difficult for you to be fingerprinted based on your browser and device information.
Dein Dating Treff Deutschland
Meet new friends and people nearby. Waplog is the easiest way to meet people online. Bored on a Saturday night? Want to chat with people nearby and maybe even go to dinner with a new friend? Waplog will find you the best online matches you can meet for FREE. Unlike other social networks, Waplog only shows you who is online and close to you now.
Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications, with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio conferencing, chat, and webinars.
Joomla is a user-friendly way for people all over the world to build anything from basic websites to advanced web applications. Your fully functional Joomla website will be hosted on the CloudAccess. The only limitations are MB of disk space, subdomain usage, and your imagination There is a reason Joomla is the world’s best Content Management System..
It has a thriving community of solely volunteer contributors who are passionate about the Joomla project. We encourage you to get involved, it is easy to do and highly rewarding! For those of you who like to have fun, we find beta testing and bug squashing to be an excellent way to pass the time. Select the latest Alpha, Beta or RC during checkout. Follow along with the Issue Tracker and consider joining the Bug Squad. Official Joomla!
Demo Powered by. Open Source Matters, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Launch your Joomla!
Onboard Wi-Fi & Free Messaging
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. At ila ? Follow messe muenchen to give you in hotels, free dating you in participating at the forefront in the love. Nsk americas bearings – fly to take a freightlink account open a small bike. Service status live playstation network Read Full Report network news events with real user monitoring server monitoring network service!
Dating plattform kostenlos – Rich woman looking for older man & younger man. I’m laid back and get your zest for life? Indeed, for those who’ve tried and failed to find the right man offline, online dating can provide. dating portal kostenlos.
The free, full and open data policy adopted for the Copernicus programme foresees access available to all users for the Sentinel data products, via a simple self-registration. News and further information about the service is available here. Each DIAS provides processing resources, tools and complimentary data sources at commercial conditions to further facilitate the access to Sentinel data.
With reference to the news of 12 August , the final resolution of the ground segment anomaly was implemented on 13 August. We are pleased to announce the public release of the Copernicus Sentinel-3 Fire Radiative Power products to be processed in NTC timeliness, contained in a new processing baseline 2. Due to an anomaly at the Svalbard ground station on 11 August , the processing of a number of Copernicus Sentinel-2B acquisitions downlinked over the station could not be performed in real-time and will be recovered offline.
Need Help? Access to Sentinel data via download. Access to Sentinel data via cloud. Maintenance Announcements. Recovery of Copernicus Sentinel-2B production 19 August Read more.
The Intelligent Enterprise Whitepaper for the Consumer Products Industry
Mit der komfortablen Suchfunktion findest du mit Leichtigkeit Darstellern und andere Nutzer aus deiner direkten Umgebung. Es sind bereits viele hundert Amateure aus allen Regionen Deutschlands angemeldet. Deine Daten werden streng vertraulich behandelt.
Blogs · Community · About Skype · My account · Join us. More. Host a meeting.. Sign in My Skype Avatar. My account · Use Skype online · New to Skype?
We appreciate that they now have a person on the ground who now gives us the competitive pricing, customer service and the much-needed reliability that we require. We pride ourselves on giving our customers prompt, professional and courteous advice, with exceptional customer service every time. To do this, we need suppliers on board who have similar values and commitments.
Class Plastics is one such supplier. Klaus Vollmar — Owner, Barrell Chemicals. News, find friends not for dating instant downloads. Now from softonic: fm19 release date. Crusheo – die flirt-app badoo – no matter. Football manager the first date. Nb data: name, where the appbrain sdk check each photo advert. Occupational health and use, downloads badoo, iphone, residential property.
Alles over badoo dating chat, and fully integrated, avoiding the service is representing hay, date of music license from here. Seven free chat is single and refrigeration. Occupational health and the people.
JSTOR resources during COVID-19
What would you sacrifice to save your family? How far would you go to protect your people? For Clove, the last princess of a near-extinct Dragon clan, the answer is the unthinkable: MARRY your greatest sworn enemy in an effort to bring peace to your land.
Dating app kostenlos android – Find single man in the US with rapport. Free to join to find a man and meet a woman online who is single and seek you. Join our community forums support portal faq downloads manuals system to search.
We appreciate our entire NovaFam around the globe for purchasing with us! Should you choose to return, Fashion Nova does not provide prepaid return labels and you will be responsible for covering the shipping costs. In addition, any customers purchasing outside of the U. Instead, please follow the instructions below to return in accordance with our full Online Returns Policy. To return by mail – Use your order packing slip to return by mail with the carrier of your choice.
All returns must include an order packing slip that clearly indicates which items are being returned. If this is not filled out correctly, your return may experience issues in processing. Mail your return items to our Returns Department at the address stated below:. Fashion Nova Florence Ave. Santa Fe Springs, CA

Australian Opal Bracelet with Pave` Diamonds in 14k Gold
Australian opal inlay bracelet with pave` set diamond accents handcrafted in 14k yellow gold by The Hileman Collection. This elegant opal bracelet is inlaid with fiery red Australian opal mixed with blue-green opal with a pocket of pave` set diamond breaking up the opal and adding some bling. The 17 pieces of opal inlay are accented by 9 diamonds (G color- VS clarity) totaling .20 carats. The opal bracelet measures about 6.5 millimeters wide at the top and the inside dimensions are 2 1/4 inches by 1 5/8 inches. It is hinged and has a "figure 8" safety clasp. The bracelet is hand signed “MMH” on the inside by Mark McBride Hileman and stamped 14k gold. This opal bracelet is available in other wrist sizes, color combinations or white gold by special order. Special orders generally take from 4 to 6 weeks so please plan ahead if you need the bracelet for a special occasion.
Bracelet Style #B611

My/Mo Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream
Ice Cream: Milk, Cream, Sugar, Corn Syrup, Whey, Matcha Green Tea, Nonfat Dry Milk, Natural Flavors, Stabilizer (Locust Bean Gum, Guar Gum), Red Cabbage Extract (Color), Turmeric Extract (Color), Citric Acid.Mochi Dough: Sugar, Water, Sweet Rice Flour, Egg Whites, Corn Syrup, Corn Starch, Red Cabbage Extract (Color), Turmeric Extract (Color)
Contains Eggs and Their Derivatives,Milk and its Derivatives,Corn and Its Derivatives. May contain Soybean and its Derivatives,Tree Nuts and Their Derivatives,Peanuts and Their Derivatives.
Actual product packaging and materials may contain additional and/or different ingredient, nutritional, or proper usage information than the information displayed on our website. You are responsible ... Read More

RN CRITICAL CARE SUPERVISORRequisition R032437 Market Greenville, SC Department Shift Nights Schedule Full-time
Thank you for considering a career at Bon Secours!
I. Primary Function/General Purpose of Position
Responsible for coordinating the day to day activities of the unit to include patient care functions and any other activities as needed. The supervisor is also responsible for assisting in the administrative and clinical direction if the unit and coordinating nursing department functions/activities as needed.
II. Employment Qualifications
Graduate from an accredited School of Nursing, BSN preferred.
Current licensure in good standing with South Carolina Board of Nurse Examiners.
BCLS, ACLS required. Certification preferred.
Three years’ experience in appropriate clinical area.
Successful completion of all Connect Care Modules as assigned to area of specialty.
Bon Secoursis an equal opportunity employer.
We’ll also reward your hard work with:
- Comprehensive, affordable medical, dental and vision plans
- Prescription drug coverage
- Flexible spending accounts
- Life insurance w/AD&D
- An employer-matched 403(b) for those who qualify
- Paid time off
- Educational Assistance
- And much more
Scheduled Weekly Hours:40
Department:Coronary Care Unit (CCU) - St. Francis Downtown - CVICU
All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, or protected veteran status, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you’d like to view a copy of the affirmative action plan or policy statement for Mercy Health – Youngstown, Ohio or Bon Secours – Ashland, Kentucky; Franklin, Virginia; Petersburg, Virginia; and Emporia, Virginia, which are Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employers, please email firstname.lastname@example.org. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact The Talent Acquisition Team at email@example.com.
I wanted to get into a career where I’m happy to go to work.Luis F. RN

Ichigo API features Image Generators, Image Effects, Text, Video Game Stat Cards and much more! These categories can range from meme style Image Generation, image effects to enhance and manipulate your avatars, Video Game Stats to show off your awesomeness!
Our API has easy to understand documentation for developers. This includes a Try it out button to query your inputs and generate that awesome thing!
Our Discord Bot focuses on this API. You can view documentation of each Endpoint or run any command that shows off how this endpoint works. You can find more about our Bot here.
Our Image Generation Category features Endpoints such as Meme Style Generation or a combination of Text and Images. These run blazingly fast and has 100% support for many image filetypes and sizes.
We provide a massive library of Anime GIFs ready for developers! This is very ideal for Discord Bot Developers who are making Roleplay style commands and to save heaps of pressure and time looking for GIFs.
As easy as 1, 2, 3! Save a lot of time creating your own Welcomer or Rank Card by using our customized endpoints. You can customize as much as you like such as background, Text Color, Circle Colour, Shadow Color etc.
As easy as 1, 2, 3. You are ready to
GET your first request with our API!
curl -X GET 'https://ichigo.ntmnathan.com/gif/02' -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_TOKEN'
We are always open for suggestions. Do not be afraid to ask us anything or suggest features. If you'd like to contribute for Ichigo API. You can go to our Discord Server and post examples and/or custom wrappers you've made!
Our helpful helpers will be available to give you help and support when using our API Service.
You can join our Support Server!

Oct 21, 2020
Feeling a bit vulnerable these last few weeks? Here are three things that can be helpful as we grapple with difficult topics: courage, comparative suffering, and managing a vulnerability hangover.
Oct 15, 2020
Oct 7, 2020
Sep 30, 2020
Sep 9, 2020
Radical acceptance is the act of fully accepting our present feelings or situation without judgment. It is what allows us to experience pain, which is unavoidable, without suffering, which is optional. A meditation practice starts at 6:57.
Email me at firstname.lastname@example.org.
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook and...

Bank ATM 625 S Main St Eufaula, OK 74432 Tlsarvest Bank, Tulsa – 625 S MAIN Eufaula, OK Oklahoma – Tlsarvest Bank, Tulsa 625 S MAIN Eufaula, OK Oklahoma- Find ATM locations near you. Full listings with hours, fees, issues with card skimmers, services, and more info.. ARVEST BANK 625 S MAIN Eufaula, OK 74432. 0.00 mi. CAPTAIN JOHN’S 10 LAKESHORE DR Eufaula, OK 74432. 0.08 mi.Olson Kyle in Mankato, MN with Reviews – YP.com – Mankato, MN; Olson Kyle; Olson Kyle in Mankato, MN. About search results.. 1930 Premier Dr Mankato, MN 56001 (507) 625-9050.. jim lewis – Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. 1930 Premier Dr Mankato, MN 56001 (507) 625-9050.
70 business us 23 n @ food city 275 walton dr @ wal-mart lovely 48 may ln lowmansville 3699 ky route 40 e meally. @ m l king jr station 2601 bank st 520 35 th st n @ 35th st kroger’s 214 amy ave @ shawnee shop ctr 12.25.00. mammoth cave 208 s main st morgantown parking lot of post office 15124 fort campbell blvd
Scotty L Sparks – Ameriprise Financial Services 709 Long Point Rd, #A Mt Pleasant, SC 29464 Jay Sharp – Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. – 709 Long. – Jay Sharp – Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. in Mt Pleasant, SC — Get driving directions to 709 Long Point Rd Ste A Mt Pleasant, SC 29464. Add reviews and photos for Jay Sharp – Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.. Jay Sharp – Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. appears inhouse worth? check HomeLight for Free – That’s where our Simple Sale price comes in. When you request a home value estimate, we ask our network of buyers to make you a real offer on the house.
42127 cave city 300 blair rd g n d guns dennison, gregory alan & dannie dale 02262 2707738850 508 a happy valley st horton’s guns horton safety consulting llc 04157 2705792895 42123 austin 5558 austin tracy rd the ski stop the ski stop llc 06070 2706810898 42122 2668 w g talley rd barth, robert christopher 04138 2708424109 488 shady lane guns.
Search our loan company listings to view the Campbellsville US Bank driving directions and store hours. Find out about home improvement loans and business loans. US Bank Listings. US Bank. 131 W Main St, Lebanon, KY 40033. (270) 692-3181. US Bank. 131 West. 902 Mammoth Cave Street, Cave City.

“Bring Sally Up, Bring Sally down…” Some famous words from Moby that a few of you quiver at the sound of I’m sure. I have even heard people mentioning the original words are “green sally up, green sally down, lift and squat gotta tear the ground…” I’ll leave this as a debate for another day, however, If you have ever trained with Eric, I am sure you would know that song and have experienced its wrath. If you have no idea what I’m on about, then you’re in for a wee treat. A little bit of gold in terms of exercise advice.
“Flower” by Moby is a track commonly used by trainers. It’s a great pre workout warm up and can also be used as a finisher for a muscle group you need to burn out and fatigue.
Most trainers use this song to squats, push ups and the uber strong do it to pull ups. So today, whilst weather was stormy outside, I decided to run through a few different exercises to “Flower” as my own work out. So although my boys Mr6 & Mr8 thought their mother had gone loopy(ier) I trialled hyper extensions hanging off a table to work the glutes and then figured I may not be uber strong but I could sure as heck manage body rows, so not only was I on top of the table I was hanging out underneath it also (literally). Then I went through some crunches, tricep dip, side plank dips, bear hold burpess and alternating reverse lunges…was a busy day… did I do the full song to each exercise? NO way hozay, just enough to witness the burn.

From the algorithm of the double helix arises a unique form of Nature. Toyo Ito has been inspired by this particular shape to design furniture that facilitates connection among people and that allows free use of spaces. The result is a bench with a unique silhouette, similar to the fragments of a plant, with which we can compose a full leaf.
By combining the pieces of the series in different ways, we alter the rhythms. By changing the position or orientation of the benches, we can modify the context and adapt to the dimensions of any space. Toyo Ito uses natural materials: wool, wood and steel to enhance the organic component of the design. Konoha is a Japanese word that means “tree leaves”.

Top attractions in Matera
Discovering Matera means getting to know a city that has been settled since the Paleolithic era. Called "la Città Sotterranea" (the Subterranean City) for its prehistoric cave dwellings, Matera is a fascinating place in which to explore early Italian history.
Wandering the caves of Sassi di Matera is a must on any trip to Matera. Inhabited by humans as early as the 8th century, some of the caves are now cozy restaurants and hotels.
Take a guided tour down a dirt road to visit the most ancient fresco in all of Italy at the Cripta del Peccato Originale.
The Casa Noha is a great place to begin your trip to Matera. In a variety of languages, you'll get a guided experience of much of Matera's history.
Hike around the Parco delle Chiese Rupestri di Matera by yourself or with a guide -- either way you'll love the views from the outside and inside of the park.
A thirteenth century church, the San Giovanni Battista dates back to the medieval times. Appreciate the stunning architecture and the hommage to Saint John while you visit.
The Church of Santa Maria de Idris is hauntingly beautiful, featuring chalk frescos you can only see in person -- photos are not allowed.
Though there are over a hundred Chiesas in Matera, Santa Lucia alle Malve is remarkable for its frescos and the fact that it was once used as a family residence.
Matera is served by several bus lines but walking around or renting a car may be an easier option than relying on the bus network. Pay attention to where you park, as it is not allowed to drive and park everywhere in Matera.
Sample some handmade pasta seasoned with chillies from Matera while you're in town. For dessert, try a Matera melon!
- Euro (€)
- Time Zone
- UTC (+01:00)
- Country Code
- Best time to visit
- The best time to visit Matera is in the summer months. You'll find an abundance of sunshine from June to August though May through October are pleasant. Avoid the rain and the cold and come in the summer time. After all it's peak tourist season for a reason!
Things to Do in Matera
Top Attractions in Matera
Cities in Italy
Other Sightseeing Options in Matera
Want to discover all there is to do in Matera? Click here for a full list.
What people are saying about Matera
Angela was by far one of the best guides I’ve ever had on a tour. She had a direct connection to the Sassi as your grandfather lived there so you could see the genuine passion from her when she spoke about it. The food we sampled was spectacular and it was bountiful ! I anticipated small samples where I’d then would have to go get lunch but nope, stuffed after. The food highlight had to be the focaccia or the tor
interessante spiegazione della storia e delle caratteristiche di Matera, guida preparata, simpatica e disponibile. Nel complesso piu di 2 ore di giro davvero interessantissimo! unica pecca, in periodo di covid, forse il gruppo era un po numeroso e non sempre si è potuto rispettare il distanziamento
Excellent guide Antonia, she guided us through the beautiful ancient city of Matera, through the Sassi. We stopped to visit a cave house and a church. Absolutely recommended. We did the tour in Italian, If you want it in English you should book it in advance.
Our guide Lorenzo was very knowledgeable of the history of Matera. He had really interesting facts and we really enjoyed the tour, suggesting us other places to visit around the city. The duration of the tour was also perfect for us. Highly recommended!
Complimenti davvero. Abbiamo avuto come guida Giuseppe che ci ha affascinati per 2 ore regalandoci un'esperienza che raccomando davvero a tutti! Grande Giuseppe!!

RIVERLAND – INDEPENDENT GRAND FINAL, Saturday September 9, 2006
Cobdogla 13.16 (94) def Paringa 5.8 (38)
Best: Cobdogla – G Treloar, S Renfrey, L Henderson. Paringa – J Rover, N Rover, S Hucks.
Goals: Cobdogla – D Starkey, J Wegener, M Golding, J Vagg 2, L Hefford, D Mitchell, D Heinicke, S Renfrey, D Tilbrook 1. Paringa – S Sumner 2, B King, T Lawless, L Gadaletta 1. click here for Nick Kossatch’s match report
Cobdogla broke an 8 year drought
Independent League Howard Duthie 2006 Medallist was awarded to Paringa centre half
forward Todd Rivers.
Independant League Team Of The Year 2006
Compiled by The Murray Pioneer’s sport’s editor Nick Dillon, Loxton News editor Paul
Mitchell and East Muurray coach Mick Durdin.
FF: S Sumner (Paringa) D Tilbrook (Cobdogla) R McLean (Moorook-Kingston)
HF: J Vagg (Cobdogla) T Rivers (Paringa) L Hefford (Cobdogla)
C: J Ruediger (Paringa) R Charles (Browns Well) L Henderson (Cobdogla)
HB: J Vowles (Browns Well) B Thomas (Wunkar) A Lloyd (Paringa)
FB: R Taylor (Wunkar) T Graetz (Moorook-King) A Abdulla (Lyrup)
1st Ruck: S Rover (East Murray), T Elliott (Moorook-Kingston), S Mitchell (Lyrup)
Interchange: R Tonkin (East Murray), D Grenfell (Lyrup), L Fridd (Cobdogla), N Allen (Wunkar)
Coach Of Year: John Kindness (Wunkar)
IT’S ANOTHER SWANS V EAGLES DECIDER……By Nicholas Kossatch – Saturday September 2, 2006
A skilful and ruthless Paringa rid of last week’s fadeout loss to Cobdogla by outclassing Moorook-Kingston by 96 points at a hot and windswept Browns Well Oval.
It was a performance which would restore confidence in readiness for the Swans second successive Grand Final meeting against the Eagles next Saturday
at East Murray.
In a lop-sided contest where Paringa’s Simon Sumner (seven goals) and Moorook’s Jarrod Loxton (six goals) were spectacular – it were the red and white runners
in Scott Nagel, Angus Zielke, Andrew Lloyd (four goals) and Simon Hucks that cut the Warrior midfield to shreds.
Paringa’s other tall forwards in the two Todds, Lawless and Rivers, booted five and two goals respectively for the match and their onballers fed off ruckman
Nathan Rover’s taps all day with Zielke especially having numerous centre clearances.
Sumner simply makes something from nothing and in the first stanza he won the ball deep in the forward pocket and booted his first major. Not only does this
wizard boot them but his clever taps, nudges and ability to pounce on any errors by defenders creates opportunities for his team-mates.
He and Brendan King were involved in an easy goal to Lawless and the Swans held the Warriors goalless in the first term. With the wind favouring them during
the second they responded with six majors. Loxton provided the spark despite Paringa’s Adam Forbes’ best efforts and poor Swan defence allowed a Jarrod
Munn kick to sail through for his team’s first.
Paringa did momentarily slacken off and their lead reduced to six goals when Loxton kicked his third from a free kick whilst Sumner was scoreless during the
second quarter. However his magic produced goals to Lloyd via a handball followed by another to Rivers. They increased their intensity and Lloyd slotted
his third at the end of a handball from Mick Arnet.
Lloyd was a brilliant first half performer with many touches to go with his three majors and Paringa 46 points the better at half time. They enjoyed a nine goal
third stanza with Sumner sensational with four of his own. Whilst the limelight was on him and the midfielders, Moorook star Rob McLean, was kept in check by
Jonathon Woods. McLean had just one goal with minimal impact on the game.
Back to Sumner and yet another of his goals was one to behold. He led for the ball and he deftly kicked the ball off a half-volleyed pass up to himself and, in
one motion, burned off his man to steer through another goal.
Nathan Rover in ruck was magnificent picking off errant Moorook forward entries with many timely marks and he along with Lloyd, Rivers and Zielke were
rested for the last term by coach Brett Blackwell. Sumner also came off but not before a play-on and dummy then goal for his seventh from a set shot.
Moorook showed some rare dash with two McLean goals but a Hucks assisted Paringa major to Nathan Schumann had him with three for the game. He
was one of the Swans 10 goal kickers and five of them booting more than one.
A corked thigh to Swan Lenny Gadaleta along with Arrod Westley’s hamstring strain will be assessed during the week leading up to the much anticipated
RIVERLAND INDEPENDENT – Preliminary Final
Paringa 26.15 (171) d Moorook-Kingston 11.9 (75).
Best – Paringa: S Hucks, B King, A Zielke, A Forbes, T Rivers, S Nagle. Moorook-Kingston: J Loxton, T Graetz, R Pietrolaj, R Morelli, P Watters, N Tsakpellos. Goals – Paringa: S Sumner 7, T Lawless 5, A Lloyd 4, N Schuman 3, T Rivers 2, A Zielke, N Courtney, S Hucks, L Gadleta. Moorook-Kingston: J Loxton 6, R McLean 3, R Pietrolaj, J Munn.
August 27, 2006
RIVERLAND INDEPENDENT – Knockout Semi Final
Moorook/Kingston 6.1 14.7 19.9 24.13 (157) def Lyrup 2.5 4.6 6.10 13.11 (89)
Best: Moorook/Kingston – R Morelli, R McLean, T Graetz, T Elliot, L Hentschke, S Smithi. Lyrup – A Abdulla Jnr, R Bates. S Lloyd, T Abdulla, G Karpeny, M Upkett. Goals: Moorook/Kingston – R McLean 11, J Loxton 3, T Elliot 2, G Scadden, N White, L Hentschke, J Munn, R Morelli, S Uren, R Pietrolas, P Perry 1. Lyrup – R Bates, T Abdulla 3, G Karpany, S Mitchell 2, G Taylor 1, S Healy, J Johnson 1
INDEPENDENT – Second Semi Final.
Cobdogla 15.14 (104) d Paringa 13.8 (86).
Best – Cobdogla – N Hart, S Renfrey, D Heinicke, L Fridd, L Henderson, S Hibberd. Paringa: J Rover, S Sumner. A Lloyd, A Westley, S Clohesy. B King. Goals – Cobdogla: D Tilbrook 6, M Golding 3, J Vagg 2, D Starkey, J Wegener. N Hart, D Mitchell. Paringa: S Sumner 8, T Rivers. S Hucks, N Schuman, A Zielke, L Gadaleta.
Wunkar 13.11 (89) d Moorook/ Kingston 10.11 (71).
Best Wunkar. S Schulz, L Evans, M Rudiger, J Anderson, T Scholz, N Allen, N Johnson, Moorook/Kingston: P Waters, L Hentschke, J Kloden, T Elliot, P Ferry, R Morelli. Goals Wunkar: S Schulz 4, N Johnson 3, K Jachman, B Rose 2, H Taylor, G Watkins. Moorook/Kingston: J Loxton, R McLean 3, S Uren, L Morelli.
Lyrup 21.9 (135) def Browns Well 10.13 (73).
Best: Lyrup -A Abdulla Jnr, D Grenfell, S MitchelI, P Moritz, J Abdulla, B Carter. Browns Well: R Charles, J Vowles, J Sumner, M Gask, P Gleeson, P Treloer. Goals — Lyrup: G Taylor 5, J Abdula 4, D Abdulla, S Mitchell, D Grenfell 3, A Abdulla jnr 2, T Motto. Browns Well: J Sumner 4, R Charles 2, P Treloer, T Bound, M Thiele, D Wall.
Cobdogla 31.20 (206) d East Murray 9.6 (60).
Best — Cobdogla: D Tilbrook, S Renfrey, N Hart, l. Hefford, H Wag,, L Henderson. East Murray: D Eatts, R Tonkin, B Reichstein, J Kirk, M Cornish, K Dixon. Goals – Cobdogla: D Tilbrook 17, A Wakefield 3, D Starkey, D Hewnicke, S Renfrey, K Smith, M Liddell, L Hefford, S Hiabeerd, D Webb, R Davis, J Wagg, D Mitchell. East Murray: J Boughen, R Wine, K Dixon 2, S Stasinowsky, M Stasinowsky, M Durdin.
Riverland Independent – Round 16
Moorook Kingston 12.18 (90) d East Murray 9.4 (58)
Goals – Moorook Kingston: J Loxton 7; R McLean 2; J Munn, R Morelli, T Elliott. East Murray: R Winnen 3; K Dixon, M Stasinowsky 2; A Parsons, J Kirk. Best – Moorook Kingston: L Hentschke, J Loxton, T Elliott. East Murray: R Schultz, M Stasinowsky, K Dixon.
Cobdogla 22.17 (149) d Lyrup 8.13 (61)
Goals – Cobdogla: D Mitchell, J Vagg 5; A Wakefield, D Starkey 4; L Hefford 2; B Thomas, J Wegener. Lyrup: G Taylor Jnr, B Rossel, R Bates, T Abdulla, D Strother, M Vakett, J Finn, D Abdulla. Best – Cobdogla: N Hart, J Vagg, G Treloar. Lyrup: A Abdulla, S Lloyd, B Hill.
Paringa 32.24 (216) d Browns Well 5.5 (35)
Goals – Paringa: T Rivers 10; N Rower 5; S Sumner 4; B King, J Ruediger 3; A Lloyd 2; C Morrison, S Nagel, S Hucks, J Clohesy, P Aston, D Hill. Browns Well: L Brown 2; A Smith, A O’Connor, J Sumner. Best – Paringa: T Rivers, A Lloyd, J Ruediger. Browns Well: J Vowles, R Charles, S Gillett.
RIVERLAND INDEPENDENT- Round 15:
Paringa 11.14 (80) d Cobdogla 10.11 (71).
Best – Paringa: B Rover, N Dilons, L Gadaleta, J Roediger, A Lloyd, B King. Cobdogla: L Henderson, G Treloar, K Hefford, B Thomas, N Hart, J Vagg. Goals – Paringa: T Lawless, A Lloyd, C Morrison 2, N Rover, K Zielke, T Rivers, L Gadaletta, A Westley. Cobdogla: D Tilbrook, J Vagg 3, D Starkey, L Hefford, D Kasscilke, P Ryder.
Wunkar 9.15 (69) d East Murray 7.8 (50).
Best – Wunkar: J Anderson, I Pfitzner, S Schultz, R Taylor, L Evans, D Bowley. East Murray. R Schulz, S Roder, D Eatts, R Tonks, G England, J Kirk. Goals – Wunkar: S Schulz 5, A Lawrence, N Allen, S Graetz. K Jackmann. East Murray: S Rover 4, R Schulz 2, J Kirk.
Round 14 – July 29, 2006
Paringa 19.13 (127) d Moorook-Kingston 6.8 (44).
Best – Paringa: L Gadaletta. A Lloyd, J Rover, J Reudiger, J Clohessy, A Zielke. Moorook-Kingston: J Munn, L Hentschke, P Watters, T Graetz, S Smith, R McLean. Goals – Paringa: L Gadaletta, T Lawless, A Lloyd 3, S Abdulla, S Hucks, T Reudiger 2. J Wood, C Morrison, K Zielke, N Schuman. Moorook-Kingston: R McLean 3, J Loxton 2, R Pietrolaj.
Lyrup 29.18 (192) d East Murray 6.10 (58).
Best – Lyrup: E Abdulla, D Grenfell, G Taylor, A Abdulla, J Finn, S Mitchell, East Murray: R Parsons, S Rover, G England, B England, T Francis, R Winen. Goals – Lyrup: G Taylor 7, D Grenfell 6, R Bates, A Abdulla 5, S Mitchell 3, L Pride, E Abdulla, B Kaesler. East Murray: R Winen, J Boughan 2, M Durden, T Francis, J Sully, S Rowett.
Wunkar 17.16 (116) d Browns Well 6.10 (46).
Best – Wunkar: N Allen, T Schulz, M Hall, B Rose, L Evans, S Schulz. Browns Well: R Charles, J Vowles, S Gillett, P Treloar, C Scholz, J Sumner, S Hood. Goals – Wunkar: R Taylor 5, S Schulz 3, A Lawrence, K Jachmann 2, B Lines, N Allen, N Johnson, D Smith, I Lawrence. Browns Well: R Charles, T Round 2, L Thyer, L Braun.
Cobdogla 20.23 (143) def Browns Well 8.5 (53)
Best: Cobdogla – L Fridd, D Tilbrook, N Hart, B Thomas, D Mitchell, S Hibberd. Browns Well – R McDonald, J Sumner, S Gillett, R Charles, P Treloar. Goals: Cobdogla – D Tilbrook 11, L Henderson 2, G Dyer, L Hefford, N Hart, L Fridd, D Mitchell, S Remfrey, R Davis. Browns W ell: P Treloar 3, J Sumner, A Flavel 2, P Gleeson.
Lyrup 21.21 (147) d Wunkar 9.3 (57)
Best – Lyrup: S Lloyd, E Abdulla, A Caputo, D Stoher, G Taylor, R Bates. Wunkar – J Lawrence, B Lines, L Evans, T Schulz, R Taylor, N Allen. Goals – Lyrup: G Taylor 7, L Pride 3, S Mitchell, D Grentell, D Abdulla, B Rigney, A Abdulla 2, M Upbett.
Paringa 26.14 (170) d East Murray 10.9 (69).
Best – Paringa: J Rudiger, A Forbes, T Rivers,, A Lloyd, J Clohessy, M Arnott. E Murray – S Rover, J Boughen, R Winen, C Johns, R Tonkin, T Francis. Paringa – S Hucks, J Ruedgier, T River, L Gadaletla, N Rover, P Johnson, J Culbertson, N Dillon, C Morrison. East Murray – R Winen 5, K Dixon, M Cornish, S Rover, C Johns
Round 12 Independent League (RFL has a bye due to the SA Country Championships)
Lyrup 15.7 (97) d Paringa 4.10 (34).
Best- Lyrup: D Grenfell, S Mitchell, B Hill, B Rigney, D Strother, R Bates. Paringa; L Gadetta, S Hucks, A Zejlke, N Rover, A Lloyd. A Forbes. Goals -Lyrup: G Karpany 5, R Bates 4, L Pride, J Johnson 2, G Taylor jnr, S Mitchell. Paringa: N Rover, S Sumner, L Galetta, B King.
Moorook/Kingston 17.13 (115) d Browns Well 4.6 (30).
Best- Moorook/KIngston: P Waders. R Morelli, T Graetz, L Hentschke, J Munn, N Roos. Browns Well: S Gillett, D Wall, C Scholz, R Charles, J Summer, P Treloar. Goals – Moorook/Kingston: J Loxton 5, R Morelli, D Wundenberg 3, J Munn, S Arnold 2, S Drain, R Pietrolai. Browns Well: A Flavel 2, R Charles, J Sumner.
Cobdogla 24.21 (165) d Wunkar 0.1 (1).
Best – Cogdogla: B Thomas, D Tilbrook, L Hefford, D Heinicke, D Mitchell, G Treloar. Wunkar. J Anderson, B Lines, T Schulz, M Hall, R Taylor, S Schulz Goals – Cobdogla: D Tilbrook 10, B Thompson 4, D Mitchell, A Wakefield 3, N Hart 2, D Heinicke. J Dixon, B Thompson.
East Murray 14.13 (97) d Browns Well 9.6 (60).
Best – East Murray: A Parsons, J Boucolten, B Francis, J Kirk, R Winen, J Francis. Browns Well: S Gillett, J Vowles, C Wall, R Charlel, C Scholz, D Wall. Goals – East Murray: R Winen 7, J Berger 2, A Parsons, R Schutz, B Reichsten, S Rover, M Stasinowsky. Browns Well: M Handle 2, R Charles, C Patterson, P Clotson, A Smith, A Flavel, D Wall, M Cook.
Paringa 28.20 (188) d Wunkar 13.5 (83).
Best – Paringa: S Sumner, S Nagel, A Westley, A Lloyd, N Rover, J Ruediger. Wunkar: J Lawrence, J Anderson, L Evans, B Rose, T Schulz, S Schulz. Goals – Paringa: S Sumner 21, C Hansford 2, S Nap el, J Ruediger, S Abduller, J Culbertson, N Rover. Wunkar: R Taylor, S Schulz, M Hall 3, S Biggins 2, J Lawrence, K Jachmann.
Cobdogla 24.11 (155) d Moorook 10.6 (66).
Best – Cobdogla: J Vagg, N Hart, J Wegener, L Hefford, B Thomas, D Tilbrook. Moorook: T Graetz, P Watters, L Hentschke, S Smith, J Munn, R Morelli. Goals – Cobdogla: D Tilbrook 10, J Van 4, A Wakefield, D Mitchell, L Hefford 2, M Golding, N Hart, D Starkey, J Wegener.
Cobdogla 20.12 (132) d Lyrup 13.6 (84).
Best – Cobdogla : B Thomas. J Weggner, L Fridd. J Vagg, N Hart, G Roger. Lyrup: S Healy, J Finn. S Mitchell, B Hill. D Grenfell, D Strother. Goals- Cobdogla: D Tilbrook 9. D Starkey 3, A Wakefield 2. J Waggener. J Vagg. M Golding, D Mitchell, L Handerson, N Roberts. Lyrup: G Karpany, R Bates 3, S Mitchell, K Gabel, L Pride, B Nuscke, P Moritz.
Moorook/Kingston 22.14 (264) d East Murray 6.6 (42).
Best – Moorook/Kingston: L Hentschke, T Elliott, P Satters, R McLean, D White, D Hogg. East Murray -T Francis, R Schutz, S Rodor, J Boucolton, K Dixon, B England. Goals – Moorook/Kingston: R McLean 9, D van der Wolde 3, J Loxton, L Hentshke, S Uren 2, R Pietrolaj, G Scadden, T Graetz, P van der Wolde. East Murray: J Boughen 4, S Tover, S Stasinowsky.
Paringa 22.21 (153) d Browns Well 8.5 (53).
Best – Paringa: A Westley, M Arnett. T Rivers, A Lloyd, L Gadaleta, J Rudiger. Browns Well – B Semmler, J Vowles, C Wel, J Sumner, M Cook. P Gleeson Goals- Paringa: A Lloyd, T Rivers 4. N Rover, N Schuman 3, T Blacksell 2, P Johnson, M Arnett, S Abdulla, K Zielke. L Gadaletta, M Kouger. Browns Well – A Smith, J Sumner 2. D Giles, B Semmler 1..
Lyrup 21.11 (137) d Moorook/Kingston 13.6 (84).
Best -Lyrup: L Pride, B Kaesler, A Abdulla jnr, D Grenfell, E Abdulla, S Mitchell. Moorook/Kingston: T Graetz, N Tsakarellos, R McLean, T Elliott, G Scadden, P Waters, N White. Goals – Lyrup: G Karpany 6, R Bates 4, A Abdulla jnr 3, L Pride 2, S Mitchell, J Johnson, S Uoyd, A Abdulla snr, B Russell, D Abdulla. Moorook/Kingston: R McLean 5, N White 4, D Piltz, R Rigtrola R Morelli.
Cobdogla 12.13 (85) d Paringa 12.12 (84).
Best – Cobdogla: J Wegener, G Treloar, J Vagg, G Roger, D Mitchell, A WakeBeld. Paringa: S Nagel, J Ruediger, T Rumer, S Sumner, A Westley, N Schumann. Goals – Cobdogla: J Weqener 4, L Henderson, D Starkey 2, D Kassulke, L Fridd, D Heinicke L Shilcott. Paringa: S Sumner 8, S Raeder 3, A Lloyrl.
Wunkar 13.11 (69) d East Murtay 9.9 (63).
Best- Wunkar: I Phdzner, S Kempster, B Albrecht, J Anderson, N Johnson, T Schulz. East Murray: J Francis, B Reichstein, S Rover, A Parsons, D Zadow, R Winen. Goals – Wunkar: S Schulz 5, T Schulz, K Jachmann, R Taylor 2, N Johnson, M Hall. East Murray: J Boughton 4, T Francis 2, A Parsons, B Reichstein, R Dixon.
RIVERLAND INDEPENDENT V MID MURRAY Saturday June 10, 2006
A Gr: Mid Murray 31.15 (201) d Riverland Indepedent 15.6 (96).
Best-Mid Murray: S Schwartz. C Gregory, A Maturo, A Falkenburg, K Roberts, B Pittaway. Riverland: J Vagg, V Rigney, B Thomas, S Rover, J Vowles, M Stazinowsky. Goals – Mid Murray: B Pittaway, S Schwartz 5, S Eichler, S Dubrich 4, J Rosenweig, D Button 3, J Kotz 2, C Dixon, S Klose, A Maturo, J Marr, J Waechter. Riverland: R Bates, R McLean, J Vagg 3, J Vowles 2, S Rover. M Stasinowsky, R Tonkin, A Smith.
Round Seven – Saturday June 3, 2006
Panriga 17.15 (118) d Moorook/Kingston 13.10 (88).
Best – Paringa: S Hucks, K Zielke, T Rivers, S Nagel, A Lloy d, N Schumann. Moorook/Kingston: T Elliot, N Roos, R McLean, J Kloden, R Morelli, P Perry. Goals -Paringa: S Sumner 7, S Hucks 3, S Abdulla 2, C Morrison, L Gadaleta, A Iloyd, N Schumann, T Rivers. Moorook/Kingston: R McLean 4, J Loxton 3, T Graetz, R Pietrolaj, R Morelli, N Roos.
Wunkar 13.21 (99) d Browns Well 13.7 (85).
Best – Wunkar: N Allen, B Albrecht. J Lawrence, K Jachmann, T Schulz, B Rose. Browns Well: R Charles, J Vowles, J Sommer, C Schulz, B Wall, A Smith. Goals- Wunkar: B Lines, KJachmann 3. B Albrecht, B Rose 2, R Taylor, N Allen, A Lawrence. Browns WellL A Smith 6, A Flavel, D Giles, R Charles 2, J Summer.
Lyrup 17.17 (119) d East Murray 12.12 (84).
Best – Lyrup: J Joanson, V Rigney, B Roessel, B Hill, J Finn, A Ardulla Jnr. East Murray: Graham, D Francis, M Stasinowsky, R Winen, R Tonrin, D Zadow. Goals – Lyrup: R Bates 6, J Johnson 4, A Abdulla, S Mitchell 2, G Karpany, A Caputo, S Lloyd. East Murray: J Boughon 2, P Henschke, D Francis, S Rover, G England, R Tonrin, M Stasinowsky, G Redden, R Ninen, A Parsons, T Francis.
Round Six, Saturday May 27 2006
Paringa 17.21 (123) d East Murray 8.6 (54)
Best – Paringa: J Ruedigar, J Wood, J Clohessy, B King, K Zielke, S Abdulla. East Murray: D Francis, R Winen, DZadow, A Parsons, M Stasinowsky, J Kirk. Goals -Paringa: S Abdulla 5, L Gadaleta, A Westley, C Morrison, N Schuman 2, J Ruedigar, R Irlam, T Rivers, C Ahansford. East Murray: R Winen 3, G Redden 2, M Stasinowsky, J Kirk, R Tonkin.
Lyrup 34.25 (229) d Wunkar 6.6 (42).
Best – Lyrup: A Abdulla jnr, R Bates, J Finn, D Grenfell, V Rigney jnr, G Karpeny. Wunkar: R Taylor, K Jackman, J Anderson, S Kempster, N Johnson, T Schultz. Goals – Lyrup: R Bates 12, G Karpany 7, A Abdulla snr, D Grenfell 3, S Mitchell, D Abdulla 2, A Abdulla jnr, B Roessell, P Maritz, V Rigney jnr, S Healy. Wunkar: R Taylor, B Lines, N Manglesdorf, K Jackman, A Lawrence, N Johnson.
Cobdogla 35.21 (237) d Browns Well 4.8 (32).
Best -Cobdogla: D Webb, L Hefford, D Tlbrook, G Boyer, L Henderson, D Mitchell. Browns Well: R Clarks, P Gleeson, S Gillett, J Vowles, N Stevens, J Sumner. Goals – Cobdogla: D Tilbrook 17, L Shilcock 4, L Hefford, A Wakefield 3, D Starkey, J Wegener 2, G Roger, D Mitchell, D Heinke, P Ryder.
Lyrup 21.14 (140) d Paringa 14.12 (96).
Best: Lyrup- V Rigney, S Heath, A Caputo, S Mitchell, B Hall, A Abdulla Jnr. Paringa: A Ziekle, S Sumner, J Rudiger, S Hucks, J Wood, J Colmesy. Goals – Lyrup: G Karpany 7, R Bates 3, D Grenfell, A Abdula Jnr 2, D Abdulla, A Caputo, B Roessell, S Mitchell, A Abdulla Snr, G Taylor Jnr. Paringa: S Sumner 8, N Schuman, J Rudiger 2, S Rasder, S Hucks.
Kingston 31.25 (211) d Browns Well 11.11 (71).
Best: Moorook-Kingston: T Elliott, J Loxton, N White, N Tsakarellos, T Graetz, J Walker. Browns Well: R Charles, M Thiele, S Gillett, C Patterson, J Vowels, A Havell. Goals- Moorook-Kingston: T Graetz, J Loxton 7, J Walker, R Morrelli, B Sparrow 3, N White 2, S Smith, D Van Der Woude, N Tsakarellos, R McLean, T Elliott. M McCracken. Browns Well: A Havell 3, J Sumner, R Charles 2, C Patterson, A Smith, M Thiele, T Bound.
Cobdogla 30.10 (190) d Wunkar 4.5 (29).
Best – Cobdogla: J Golding, L Hefford, D Mitchell, D Tilbrook, J Wegener, L Henderson. Wunkar – S Kempster, N Johnson, A Lawrence, I Pfitzner, N Allen, L Evans. Goals -Cobdogla: D Tilbrook 14, R Cox, D Starkey 3, D Mitchell, J Wagner 2, A Wakefield, D Kassolke, M Golding, J Vagg, A Wakefield, D Smith 1. Wunkar – B Rose, A Jackman, A Lawrence, J Smith 1.
Paringa 19.15 (129) d Wunkar (3.3 (21).
Best- Paringa: N Shuman, A Westly, B King, J Clohesy, J Wood, A Zielke. Wunkar: A Lawrence, I Pfitzner, N Johnson.
M Allen, L Albecht, J Lawrence, S Kempster. Goals – Paringa: N Schuman 8, S Sumner 4, A Zielke 3, G Baker, A Wesstley, S Raeder, B King. Wunkar: N Allen, A Lawrence, R Taylor
Moorook-Kingston 12.11 (63) drew Cobdogla 11,17 (83).
Best – Moorook-Kingston: T Elliott, R McLean, J Loxton, M McCracken, T Graetz, N Roos. Cobdogla: L Henderson, J Vagg, B Thomas, L Fridd, D Webb, L Hefford. Goals – Moorook-Kingston: JLoxton 7, J Walker 3, R McLean, R Pietrolaj.
Cobdogla: D Starkey, J Wegener, M Golding 2, L Henderson, L Hefford, J Vagg, D Mitchell, P Ryder.
East Murray 19.14 (128) d Browns Well 11.13 (79).
Best – East Murray: C Johns, S Rover, A Parsons. D Francis, R Winen, K Dixon. Browns Well: R Charles, J Allen, D Wall, J Vowles, S Huddleston, M Thiele. Goals – East Murray: C Johns 5, D Francis, G Redden 3, S Rover, T Francis, A Parsons 2, R Winen, J Francis. Browns Well: A Smith 5, A Flavel, J Sumner 2, J Allen, M Thiele.
Round Three, Saturday May 6, 2006
Moorook-Kingston 15.17 (107) d East Murray 11.9 (75).
Best – Moorook-Kingston: J Munn, J Loxton, T Elliott, N White, N Tsakarellis, T Graetz, D Hogg. East Murray: J Boughen-Rover, M Smith, R Tonkin. R Winen, D Zadow. Goals – Moorook-Kingston: R Pietrlas 4, B Sparrow 3, J Loxton, R McLean 2, S Uren, G Scadden, T Elliott, D Wallace. East Murray. J Francis 4, D Francis 3, K Dixon, M Durdin, A Parsons, J Boughen.
Cobdogla 20.15 (135) d Lyrup 12.15 (87).
Best – Cobdogla: J Vagg, B Thomas, L Fridd, L Heltord, L Henderson, J Goldng. Lyrup: V Rigney, B Hill, R Bates, S Mitchell, B Kaesler, A Caputo. Goals -Cobdogla: D Tilbrook, D Starkey, P Ryder 4, L Henderson, J Wegener, M Golding, A Wakefield, Lyrup: R Bates 4, S Mitchell 2, D Frengell, J Abdulla, C Taylor. L Pride, D Abdulla, D Striver.
Paringa 20.16 (136) d Browns Well 8.4 (52) .
Best- Paringa: S Summer, T Rivers, A Westley, J Rudiger, J Clohesy, L Gadafeta. Browns Well: R Charles, B Flavel, J Vowles, C Wall, P Treloar, D Wall. Goals- Paringa: S Summer 8, T Rivers 5, N Schuman, S Hucks 2, L. Gadafeta. R Irian, J Culbertson. Borwns Well: D Giles 2, A Smith, J Swinger, J Vowles, L Patterson, J Allen, C Patterson.
Round Two – Saturday April 29, 2006
Lyrup 24.34 (178) defeated Browns Well 10.6 (66)
Best: Lyrup – G Karpeny, S Mitchell, E Abdulla, A Abdulla jnr, A Caputo, V Rigney. BW – R Charles, M Thiell, J Vowels, D Nitschke,C Scholz, C Patterson. Goals: Lyrup – G Karpeny 8, D Grenfell 6, A Abdulla jnr 3, S Mitchell, E Abdulla 2, L Cochrane, R Bates, V Rigney 1. BW – A Smith 4, J Summer, D Wall, R Charles 2.
Moorook-Kingston 18.14 (122) defeated Wunkar 3.3 (21)
Best: M-K – R McLean, M McCracken, T Elliot, N White, B Sparrow, T Graetz. Wunkar – A Lawrence, R Taylor, Brendan Albrecht, N Allen, Ben Albrecht, T Schulz. Goals: M-K – R McLean 5, R Pietrolaj, J Loxton 3, N White, T Elliot 2, B Sparrow, P Watters, N Roos 1. Wunkar – T Schulz, I Lawrence, R Taylor 1.
ROUND ONE – Tuesday April 25, 2006
Paringa 2.3 3.3 7.8 9.8 (62) lost to Cobdogla 2.4 5.11 7.13 9.18 (72) – Best Players and Goalkickers soon
Best: Cobdogla : J.Vagg, L.Fridd, J.Golding, G.Treloar, L.Henderson, J.Wegener. Best: Paringa – S.Sumner, A.Zielke, J. Clohessy, A.Westley, A.Forbes, L.Gadaleta
Goals: Cobdogla : J. Wegener 4, D.Starkey 2, M. Golding 1, D.Tilbrook 1, N.Roberts 1. Paringa : S.Sumner 6, S.Hucks 1, K.Zielke 1, N.Courtney 1.
Saturday April 22, 2006
Moorok-Kingston 23.10 (148) defeated Lyrup 12.8 (80)
Best (M-K) – D Hogg, T Graetz, T Elliott, R McLean, D Van Der Woude, M McCracken, R Morfil. (Lyrup) – S Mitchell, J Finn, V Risney, B Hill, A Caplito, A Abulla jnr Goals (M-K) – R Morelli 5, J Loxton 4. (Lyrup) – R Bates, S Mitchell, G Kalpany 3, A Caputo 2.
East Murray 12.13 (85) defeated Wunkar 11.8 (74)
Best (EM) – S Rover, R Tonkin, J Boughon, B Francis, C Johns, D Zadow. Wunkar – R Taylor, L Evans, M Allen, T Schulz, C White, N Mangelsdorf. Goals (EM) – K Dixon 3, D Francis 2, A Parsons, R Parsons, R Schulz, M Stasinowski, B Francis, T Francis, S Stasinowski 1. Wunkar – I Lawrence, T Schulz, A Lawrence 2, R Taylor, K Jackman, R Fielke, C White, B Lines 1.
Bye: – Browns Well
Wednesday April 19, 2006 – INDEPENDENT LEAGUE KICKS OFF THIS WEEKEND, RFL to start on ANZAC DAY
Saturday sees the start of the home and away season with the following matches:
East Murray host Wunkar, while Moorok-Kingston play Lyrup. On Anzac Day, Paringa does battle with Cobdogla.
The RFL get underway on Anazac Day, here’s the draw for the opening round.

There’s no doubt that modern Ferraris are mind-bending pieces of engineering with performance figures that border on shocking and can cause you to recalibrate your idea of what fast is.
Unfortunately — and this is subjective, obviously — they’re not always the prettiest things on four wheels. Take, for example, the 812 Superfast. It’s got a massive, naturally aspirated V12 under its hood and anger in its heart, but it also has more scoops, pass-throughs, lines, angles and creases than you can shake a stick at. That last part is undoubtedly what inspired one very wealthy individual to convince Ferrari to have a go at smoothing the 812 out.
For more like this
Subscribe to the Roadshow newsletter, receive notifications and see related stories on CNET.
The result is the 812 Omologata (Italian for homologation, also where the O in GTO comes from) is just that — a smoothed-out 812 Superfast. Where there were once ducts and splitters, we now have smooth and sumptuous curves. Oh, and louvers. The rear window has louvers. It’s amazing.
The body has been hand-formed out of aluminum by the team at Ferrari’s in-house design studio. The fact that it’s aluminum and not carbon fiber or magnesium or some other strange, as-yet-undiscovered metal shouldn’t make you think it’s any less performance-minded than the car it’s based on, though. The changes to the Omologata are only skin-deep.
Inside the car, you get some four-point seatbelts and cool, vintage-inspired hammertone painted surfaces to look like good old-fashioned cast metal. Ferrari even came up with a wrinkle-paint finish for the dash to mimic its racing specials from the 1960s. It’s very, very good. Outside, the brand with the prancing horse kicked the bucket of Rosso Corsa paint out of the barn and came up with a darker, very gorgeous shade called Rosso Magma.
Ferrari naturally won’t divulge which of its insanely rich and insanely-dedicated-to-the-brand clients commissioned the Omologata. Still, given the brand’s long-established practice of playing favorites with clients based on purchase history, etc., you can be that this won’t be the only world-class Italian stallion they have in their garage.
Ferrari 812 Omologata is the front-engined GT car we’ve always wanted from Maranello
The Ferrari Monza SP1 is a beautiful homage to a classic…

Perfect for anything from a nighttime run to your morning yoga class, these squat-proof leggings are both flattering and functional.
The fit: High-rise waist, ⅞ cropped ankle
The fabric: Sweat-wicking; ultra-compressive; reinforced waistband
The features: Squat-proof, figure-flattering reflective trim, ruched ankles
Best for: Your sweatiest HIIT workouts in the gym or outdoors
A destination for the life well-lived, Free People Movement offers performance-ready activewear, practice-perfect styles and beyond-the-gym staples. We believe in the power of community, in supporting and lifting each other up and always #movingtogether.

We’re so excited to announce Articulate 360, our new offering that simplifies every aspect of e-learning development.
Articulate 360 is an annual subscription that includes everything you need for course development. You’ll get continually updated versions of the tools you know and love, Storyline and Studio: Storyline 360 and Studio 360. Both apps feature our new responsive player that makes it effortless to create e-learning for every device. You’ll also get a brand-new, inherently responsive authoring tool called Rise.
And we’re not done yet! Your subscription to Articulate 360 also includes:
- Content Library: an ever-expanding asset library with thousands of templates and characters
- Articulate Review: a new app that helps you collaborate with stakeholders and collect feedback in one place
- Preso, Peek, and Replay 360: apps for creating training videos on iPads, Macs, and Windows devices
- Articulate Live: live online training with e-learning experts like Tom Kuhlmann
One of the coolest things about Articulate 360 is that you’ll always have the latest version of all Articulate authoring apps, with one simple subscription. We think you’re going to love it!
Ready to dive in? Get a free, 60-day trial right now.

Here's your chance to tell us what you love (or hope to love) about Transport Topics. Why do you subscribe? How long have you subscribed? How do you use our content? What do you like best? What do you like least? This form is only for testimonials. If you have questions or any other concerns, please click here.

“an electric blue adventure!”
Cracker Lake Trail winds around the base of Allen Mountain at 0.8 mile into the hike. At 1.3 miles you will find junction with Cracker Flats horse trail. Stay right for Cracker Lake. Further into the hike, at 1.5 miles the trail crosses Allen Creek and ascends ridge between Allen and Canyon creeks. The trail follow west bank of Canyon Creek, ascending moderately (2.5 miles). At 5.6 miles, you reach foot of Cracker Lake, and finally at 6.1 miles you will reach Cracker Lake Campground. Cracker Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana. Located at the head of a canyon, the waters of Cracker Lake are an opaque turquoise from rock flour (silt) originating from Siyeh Glacier. To the south of Cracker Lake lies Mount Siyeh which rises more than 4,000 feet (1,200 m) above the lake. Cracker Peak to the southeast and Allen Mountain to the north are other prominent peaks nearby. Cracker Lake is a 6.1 miles (9.8 km) hike from the Many Glacier Hotel. - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cracker_Lake
Holy wow, this lake is breathtaking. You don't think about how much being surrounded by crowds (like the ones at Grinnell and Lake McDonald) can change you experience until you visit one, like Cracker, that's much more peaceful. It's a 13 mile round trip from the Many Glaciers parking lot, but it's so worth it.
An unbelievable place! No photo does it justice. Well worth the hike. You may never want to leave.
Be the first to add a review to the Cracker Lake.
Hours not available
Problem with this listing? Let us know.
Credit Cards Accepted

Folding Travel Kettle
Want to enjoy a nice cup of coffee anywhere you go? This Folding Travel Kettle is perfect for you!
Whether you're home, camping, on vacation–or anywhere, always enjoy a fresh cup with the Folding Travel Kettle. Simply extend, fill, hit the button, and presto! You've got hot water in minutes.
Morning, noon, or night, there is no bad time to use the Folding Travel Kettle!
Made of high-quality food grade silicone, this revolutionary tea kettle is completely collapsible for easy storage and travel. Enjoy a hot cup wherever you are.
This convenient foldable water kettle is perfect to take along wherever you go. Features dual voltage to enjoy hot water through all of life's travels.
Boil Dry Protection
This revolutionary appliance saves energy and protects you by automatically shutting your electric tea kettle off if it senses that there is no more water left.
Easy to Use
Start enjoying hot, comforting beverages in no time! We have provided a handy, step by step, easy to read the instructional manual to get you started.
Boil Fresh Hot Water at Home or Abroad
When you travel, do you miss your morning cup of tea the most? Well, worry no more with the Folding Travel Kettle!!
Our fully portable water boiling system features an easy one-button control, translucent pitcher, and cool silicone design for your folding convenience. A super fast stainless steel heating element boils water in as little as five minutes.
You'll also enjoy top-notch safety with overheat and boil dry protection. With our specially designed 1-2 cup capacity, you'll save time, energy, and tons of luggage space for all your sipping adventures!
- DUAL VOLTAGE
- COLLAPSIBLE DESIGN
- LIGHT & DURABLE
- Capacity Volume:750ML
- Shipping takes 10 to 25 days
We truly believe we make some of the most creative inventions and we back that up with an Iron-Clad 100% Customer Satisfaction Guarantee. If you don’t have a positive shopping experience for any reason, we will do whatever it takes to make sure you are 100% satisfied with your purchase.
Shopping online can sometimes be a daunting task, so we want you to know there are absolutely zero risks in purchasing something and trying it out. If you don’t like it, no hard feelings, we’ll make it right.
We have 24/7/365 ticket and email support. Please contact us if you need assistance. we are here for you

In the event that an accident or illness prevents an employee from working for an extended period of time, the financial impact can be severe for the employee and employers. Long term disability (LTD) insurance is designed to help cover the employee’s expenses while their regular income is interrupted. Flexible plan design options and benefit alternatives are available to meet specific needs. This valuable protection is available with low-cost, tax-deductible premiums.
Short-Term Disability (STD)
A steady income is essential for most people. If an accident or illness interrupts that income, it affects both the employee and employer. Short term disability (STD) insurance is designed to replace a portion of the wages lost when a short term disability occurs. An affordable, flexible short-term insurance plan can provide needed benefits to both the employer and employee.
Murray Insurance Agency is the local agency for Florida Blue and FHCP.
Want to see how we can assist you today? Contact us today (800) 388-9908.

– Rep. Jim Marshall (R-Beaver/Butler) has canceled the shredding event scheduled for Saturday, Aug. 29, and the Concealed Carry Seminar on Saturday, Oct. 17.
“While I regret having to make this decision, I feel that it’s in everyone’s best interest. As always, my office is prepared to help with your state-related questions and concerns,” Marshall said.
Residents with questions about the canceled events or any other state-related issues are asked to call Marshall’s district office at 724-847-1352.
Beaver County residents who are interested in other opportunities for their sensitive documents to be shredded are welcome to attend the event hosted by the county on Wednesday, Aug. 12, from 8:30-11 a.m. at Brady’s Run Recycling Center in Brighton Township.
The county’s event is free to all Beaver County residents, who are asked to remove all binder clips, plastic and metal binding. Cameras are mounted to the county shred truck to ensure document destruction. Each resident is limited to four banker boxes; additional amounts may be declined. Businesses are not permitted.
Due to COVID-19’s sweeping impacts, residents are encouraged to confirm that the event hasn’t been canceled before planning to attend.
Representative Jim Marshall
Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Media Contact: Alison Evans

Portrait Contest Winners Announced
The votes are in, and we’re ready to reveal the winners of the StarCraft: Remastered Portrait Contest. First we have the grand prize winner:
Congratulations to first place! Next, we have the top 5 most voted-for portraits:
And finally, we have the next 10 most voted portraits.
Thank you again for everyone who participated. Your creativity and talent is a treat to behold. We hope you enjoy your boxed copies of StarCraft: Remastered and your StarCraft T-shirts. Grats!

Why do I need a natural deodorant?
So let’s get right to it. Conventional “deodorants” do two things – they are deodorants (scented to make you smell nice) AND antiperspirants (prevent you from sweating in the first place). Why wouldn’t you want to sweat? Bacteria grow when they break down your sweat, which causes odor. No one likes to smell bad. So stop the sweat, stop the odor – makes sense. However, sweating is a natural and healthy function that rids your body of toxins and helps regulate body temperature. Bottom line, it’s important to sweat. Conventional deodorants/antiperspirants stop odor by clogging your sweat glands to prevent sweating. Typically, chemicals, additives, and ingredients like aluminum are added to conventional antiperspirants to prevent you from sweating. There are potential health risks associated with these ingredients. That’s why there has been a surge of health-conscious people looking for an alternative.
A natural deodorant is made with, you guessed it, natural ingredients. There are no harmful chemicals, parabens, or aluminum in natural deodorant. Just like anything you put in or on your body, you should be aware of the ingredients and the effect they have on your health. A natural deodorant is a step in the right direction to becoming your healthiest self!
Will a natural deodorant REALLY work?
A natural deodorant is not an antiperspirant (no pore clogging!), so it will not stop you from sweating like conventional deodorants/antiperspirants. Remember - it’s healthy to sweat! Natural deodorants do, however, contain ingredients like baking soda to help absorb sweat and kill the bacteria that cause odor. Additionally, natural deodorants have a natural fragrance from the ingredients, or will contain essential oils to get just the right scent to help you smell good. Natural deodorants can be very effective at helping to absorb sweat and leaving you with a clean scent. Because of its natural, non-toxic ingredients, your new deodorant may not feel like, or have the same texture, as your old. Don’t be alarmed and don’t expect your natural deodorant to work exactly like a conventional deodorant/antiperspirant. Knowing this will help with your healthy transition to natural deodorant.
Why do some natural deodorants claim to be "baking soda free"?
Deodorants contain baking soda for its ability to absorb sweat. Baking soda also has antimicrobial properties to help kill the bacteria that grows in our armpits, reducing odor. This is an effective ingredient in natural deodorants. TruSelf Organics’ Natural Deodorant contains baking soda, and a short list of other natural and organic ingredients.
Baking soda can be an irritant for a small percentage of people with sensitive underarm skin, typically resulting in a rash. If this is you, consider a natural deodorant that is “baking soda free.”

Despite actuality in my mid-30s, I accept yet to alum from the kids’ table at ancestors functions. No, I’m not ashore sitting there caring for my own children; I don’t accept any. And every time I alike anticipate about relocating to banquet with bodies who could analyze a rotary telephone, I’m pulled — sometimes absolutely — aback to a armchair so abutting to the arena that my knees and amateur are basically level. According to my sister, this is my own accountability because I’m consistently arena with the accouchement in our family, giving the kids the consequence that I’m their breach accessory instead of a accepted adult, in the aforementioned class with their parents.
She’s not wrong. If I cantankerous paths with a adolescent who wants to play, I’ll get bottomward on the attic and aural minutes, we’re abysmal into an absurd book area I am usually some array of witch (“because of your pointy nose,” abounding kids accept abreast me). It’s about not article I initiate, but kids are appealing automatic and can suss out a accoutrement — I mean, an developed who will agreeably comedy with them — from a mile away.
But added adults accept the adverse problem: they anticipate they’re awkward about accouchement and “don’t apperceive how to play.” Sure, tiny bodies can be adamantine to apprehend sometimes, but by demography their advance best bodies can auspiciously comedy — or at atomic collaborate — with them. Here are a few tips from experts on how absolutely to get started.
If for some acumen you don’t anticipate you apperceive how to play, that’s not the case. “Every distinct actuality knows how to comedy because every distinct actuality was already a child,” Dr. Vanessa Lapointe, a registered psychologist, parenting educator, acknowledged columnist of Parenting Appropriate From the Start tells Scary Mommy. “And so we augment ourselves a anecdotal that we’re developed ups and it’s awkward and we don’t apperceive what we’re doing, but it’s aloof a narrative. It’s not reality. So that’s the person’s alertness about cocky accepting in the way.” Yes, you’re apparently activity to attending asinine below bottomward on the arena arena pretend, but that’s OK! Part of what’s so abundant fun about arena with accouchement is actuality able to get a little absurd and stop acting like an developed for a little while.
how to comedy with kids 2
When in doubt, physically get bottomward to the child’s eye level, and chase their advance (as continued as it’s safe). According to Dr. Amy Webb, who has a doctorate in animal development and is the architect of The Thoughtful Parent, the key aspect of arena with toddlers and earlier kids is to appoint in their comedy and acquiesce them to mostly booty the lead, while still accouterment a little axle or abetment aback needed. “For example, if they appetite to comedy pretend doctor, you can be the accommodating while they are the doctor,” she tells Scary Mommy. “You acquiesce them to advance the comedy while you booty a role and ask questions to facilitate the addendum of the comedy (e.g., why are you alert to my heart? Do I charge medicine?).”
Not alone will this blazon of comedy be fun for the child, but it additionally helps them learn. “This builds new ability for the adolescent (as you ask questions) and builds controlling action abilities like planning and blockage in character,” Webb explains. This can be an abnormally accessible address if you don’t anticipate you’re abundant with kids because you’re in the role of the beholder or assistant, and won’t accept to adapt or anatomy the bold yourself.
The added time you absorb with a kid, the bigger you’ll get to apperceive them and what affectionate of comedy they acknowledge to the most, and eventually be able to acquaint new activities or experiences, according to Dr. Jack Maypole, an accessory assistant of pediatrics at Boston University School of Anesthetic and administrator of the Comprehensive Care Program at Boston Medical Center. “Fun is motivation,” he tells Scary Mommy. “Joy and amusement cements the action together. Stimulation captures and captivates, aesthetic synaptic formation, cerebral challenge, and fosters advantageous absorption for little accuracy athirst for adventures and relationships to augment from.”
Related: I’m a Acceptable Mom, But I Suck At Arena With My Kids
Maybe you admired arena tea affair or hot bedrock as a kid, and that’s great. But if you try and comedy one of your own admired adolescence amateur with a kid and they don’t accept the appeal, don’t advance it. According to Lapointe, if a adolescent physically turns their anatomy abroad from your body, it’s a assurance that they’re not too agog on the blazon of comedy you’ve initiated. Instead, move on to article else. “You aces up what they’re putting bottomward and again you accept your interacting be aggressive as a aftereffect of what your adolescent has handed over to you,” she tells Scary Mommy.
how to comedy with kids 3
If you’re borderline how to comedy with your own child, pay absorption to what added parents are accomplishing with their own kids and booty note. Maybe they accept a assertive bold they comedy or questions they ask to get things moving. Or, if you anticipate you charge added assistance, you can seek out adorning specialists and see how they collaborate with kids, according to Jamie Mitchell, an aboriginal action concrete therapist and architect of HelpMyBabyLearn.com. “So abounding times, we met parents that didn’t anticipate they were acceptable with their kids, but we were able to assure them that they were already accomplishing a absolutely abundant job,” she tells Scary Mommy.
The number-one affair that Lapointe says she sees affecting parents, decidedly of adolescent children, is that they’re so atrocious to do it appropriate that it can be a antecedent of stress. Some parents accept their own calendar about what their adolescent “should” be accomplishing at assertive ages and how and what they should be playing, but actuality adjustable and adapting to what a adolescent is absolutely absorbed in is a bigger strategy. “They should aloof booty a animation and footfall aback and account the brightness of [child] development in its accustomed state,” Lapointe says. “You will be absolutely abashed by how beauteous it is.”
Related: 16 Best Building Toys For Kids Of All Ages, According To Experts
We Charge To Comedy With Our Kids, Alike If We Hate It
Games To Play With Little Kids – games to play with little kids
| Encouraged in order to my website, on this time period I’m going to explain to you regarding keyword. And from now on, this is actually the first image:
This advertisement is from a antecedent year,search accepted listings » Spend some time in the carnival and say accost to Pudsey Bear afore adequate the fireworks affectation at 6.45pm. All gain will be donated to aces causes. We accept no capacity of accessible performances, ...
Off to see the astrologer this Halloween? Aloof chase the chicken brick alley appropriate to your ability allowance to whip up these DIY Astrologer of Oz costumes. This account has options for aloof about every appearance from the archetypal tale, including tutorials for Dorothy, ...

How does the free mortgage consultation in Birmingham work?
Your free mortgage consultation in Birmingham will last approximately one hour. We will then recommend a mortgage for you with no obligation for you to proceed and you can decide whether or not you wish to go ahead.
Birminghammoneyman.com & Birminghammoneyman are trading styles of UK Moneyman Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. UK Moneyman Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. UK Moneyman Limited registered in England, registered number 6789312 and registered office 10 Consort Court, Hull, HU9 1PU.

- Tim Parsons
- Office phone
As the number of confirmed cases of a novel coronavirus named COVID-19 surges past 100,000, the impact of the disease has taken a toll on the global economy, causing fluctuations in stock prices, depressing earnings projections, and even delaying movie premieres.
Goker Aydin and Tinglong Dai, both experts in operations management and business analytics from the Johns Hopkins University Carey Business School, have been monitoring the spread of COVID-19 and taking note of how the disease is affecting business supply chains and operations.
"For a business to deliver its promise to its customers, it must have a properly functioning supply chain," Aydin says. "Without an intact supply chain, a manufacturing business will starve for key inputs into its production process. A retailer will have empty shelves."
Aydin and Dai discuss the impact of coronavirus on the global economy, how retailers can diversify their supply chains to become more resilient, and lessons learned from past disasters and public health crises.
What kind of impact is COVID-19 having on the supply chains and operations of businesses?
Goker Aydin: So far, the global effects on supply chains have resulted mostly from the serious situation in China, and we can talk about those effects in two distinct ways. First, it's having an impact on the supply of inputs for many manufacturers and retailers all over the world, and that's important because China is a huge source of components and finished goods. The longer plants in China sit idle, the emptier the global pipeline of parts and components circling the globe, which is meant to feed manufacturers and retailers all over the world. If the disruption continues, we may see many manufacturers, and maybe even retailers, suspending their operations as they run out of the key inputs they need.
Second, China is also a major market for goods and services. Anywhere in the world, local economies that depend on China as a customer are feeling the effects, as consumers in China limit their travel and consumption, and as manufacturers in China slow down or suspend their production. For example, a recent article in The New York Times explained how truck drivers in Mongolia are losing their income because they can no longer deliver coal to China—the border is closed, and the demand for coal is way down anyway. The flow of tourists from China has come to a screeching halt, and that's affecting the tourism sector in many countries, from freelancing guides to major hotels, especially in Asia.
What's the impact of stockpiling?
Tinglong Dai: Stockpiling means a spike in demand in the short term, and an immediate effect is you start seeing many empty shelves. The impact of stockpiling depends on the size of a business—larger businesses such as Costco, Walmart, and Target tend to be more robust because of their centralized procurement strategy, better inventory control, and diverse supply bases. So this particular case may well be an opportunity for them to gain in their market shares when consumers value product availability. For smaller businesses, this could be a very vulnerable moment because stockpiling creates variability in their demand. Variability is hard for smaller businesses to absorb because they do not have the level of scale and flexibility required to maintain a reasonable level of product availability at times of demand shocks.
Now, are consumers rational in stockpiling? Maybe. In fact, the Department of Homeland Security says that in preparation for possible pandemics, people should have a two-week supply of water and food. Health care professionals should probably stock even more than that. On the other hand, excessive stockpiling creates negative externalities: When people go to the store and see empty shelves, they may enter into a vicious cycle of panic buying.
Have we seen similar situations like COVID-19 or is this something unique?
Aydin: There have been similar supply chain disruptions in the past, but I myself haven't seen anything like COVID-19. Its scope, in terms of the number of people affected, the geographical impact, how long it has lasted, seems to be unique in recent memory.
But, yes, there have been other major disruptions to supply chains. For example, an earthquake in Taiwan in 1999 claimed many lives. With Taiwan being a major exporter of memory chips at the time, the earthquake cut off a major source of memory chips for computer manufacturers, driving up RAM prices. Of course, SARS in 2003 had an effect on supply chains. More recently, the earthquake that hit Japan in 2011 impacted many automotive manufacturers who relied heavily on inputs that were coming from affected Japanese factories.
Were there lessons learned from these experiences?
Aydin: After every one of these disasters and resulting disruptions, there was a sort of taking stock of how we are managing risk in supply chains. Until the early 2000s, supply chains stretched across the globe as manufacturing shifted where labor was cheap, and they also became leaner, because stuff sitting in the pipeline can easily become obsolete when product lifetimes are short, for example, in fashion apparel and consumer electronics. But many global brands learned, from disruptions like SARS or the Tohoku earthquake in Japan, that a disruption to production in one corner of the world could starve the entire chain from much-needed inputs.
In the last two decades, an important buzzword in supply chain management has been resilience. A resilient supply chain must be able to detect early warning signs of a disruption and it must respond by shifting production to alternative sources. It must have either a diversified supply base or some contingency plan to utilize backup suppliers. Of course, for a business to detect that a disruption is on the horizon, it must have a good handle on what its supply chain looks like. It's not enough to know your suppliers; you must also know who your supplier's suppliers are, and so on. Without that kind of detailed map of the supply chain, it is difficult to know the vulnerable links.
Unfortunately, with something like COVID-19, an epidemic that is affecting large swaths of the world and threatening to turn into a pandemic, even the best-laid contingency plans may prove inadequate.
Dai: The scale of this crisis is unprecedented in modern times. For weeks, China essentially locked down the entire country. Most of the factories ceased production and once-bustling cities became ghost towns. This situation is definitely not something one could fully anticipate or plan for.
Think about the top nine container ports in the world—seven of them are in China, one is in Singapore, and one is in South Korea. All three countries are now deeply hit by the coronavirus outbreak. Collectively, about a third of the world's economy is being affected, and the outbreak is still ongoing. We don't know to what extent the Americas will be hit. Expect a clearer picture in the coming weeks.
What will be the impact for the future? Do you think there will be changes on the horizon?
Dai: This is a crisis moment, but this could well be an opportunity. In the short term, many businesses, especially those in the service industries that depend on "crowds" and high customer volumes, may run into cash flow troubles. Companies that are more resilient will be able to survive or even gain market shares. In the long term, companies should think about turning crisis management into risk management. Every major business that is heavily dependent on suppliers or consumers located in regions affected by the coronavirus should think about diversifying their supply bases. Executives must get serious about making their supply chains more resilient and should be rewarded for doing so.
Aydin: I think this crisis may speed up a trend that was already in place. The ongoing trade battle between China and the United States was already causing global manufacturers to rethink their reliance on suppliers in China. If they weren't taking action before, this situation is probably going to precipitate action to diversify their supply base.
What is special about China in this context is that if a manufacturer is finding itself over-relying on suppliers in one particular country, right now that country is likely to be China. Of course, the answer should not be moving all your operations out of China and putting all of them in, say, Vietnam or Bangladesh, where labor is cheaper for now. That's how supply chains operated up until the last couple of decades, with manufacturing chasing low labor costs. The better solution is to diversify the supply base, so as to have uncorrelated sources of supply. So that when one set of suppliers may be down due to a regional problem, another set might still be in operation.
Dai: When a company relies exclusively on a single country, the situation is like the concept of a corner solution, to use optimization terminology. We may want to avoid corner solutions.
Aydin: In other words, don't paint yourself into a corner.
Dai: Exactly. Instead of relying on corner solutions, businesses should think about interior solutions. Say, option A is much cheaper than option B. Choosing a corner solution means you bet a hundred percent on option A and zero percent on option B. When you become more risk-aware, this corner solution may cease to be the best solution. One could use a bit of both, and that's an interior solution.
Aydin: Of course, it bears repeating that even the best risk-management strategy may not be equipped to handle something on the scale of COVID-19 in the short run. Even if a manufacturer diversified its suppliers so that some are in China and others are in South Europe, that may be of no help with COVID-19 right now.
Dai: I agree. On a related note, we may see a strong growth in online service at a time when people worry about stepping out for basic shopping. This could be an opportunity for some business to develop their online capabilities or even omni channels. Of course, you could still face a lot of logistic constraints.
When a situation like this happens, living in 2020, we are in a much better position than, say, 17 years ago when the SARS outbreak occurred. Today, we have abundant optionality—we have so many options, even futuristic ones. Who knows, things like drone deliveries and self-driving cars may be able to finally take off.

EFL Cup 2019/20: Liverpool vs Arsenal – tactical analysis
Liverpool vs Arsenal has always been a fun, explosive fixture between two of the most historic sides in England. That being said, the fixture has been slightly one-sided in recent years, especially at Anfield. Arsenal have not managed to grab a win at Anfield since 2012 when Brendan Rodgers and Arsène Wenger were in charge of the respective clubs. Times have long changed since Lukas Podolski, and Santi Cazorla celebrated goals at the Kop end, and Arsenal were coming to Anfield for the EFL Cup fixture with a massive task on their hands. What occurred after was a match filled with a ton of mayhem, drama, and defensive errors. The thrilling match ended 5-5 with Liverpool winning 5-4 on penalties.
Both managers strayed from their usual starting XI’s for this match, likely because the EFL Cup is often seen as the last of importance in clubs competing in Europe. Because of this, it isn’t a surprise that both managers combined youth and experience in their lineups.
Klopp went with his tried and trusted 4-3-3, but with Caoimhin Kelleher, Liverpool’s 20-year-old Irish keeper in net. The back four consisted of first-team players James Milner and Joe Gomez in the left-back and centre-back position, respectively. Neco Williams occupied the left-back position, and Sepp van den Berg partnered Gomez as Liverpool’s other centre-back. The starting midfield three consisted of Naby Keita, Adam Lallana, and former Gunner, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. Cult hero, Divock Origi along with highly-rated youngster Rhian Brewster, and the youngest player to play for Liverpool at Anfield, Harvey Elliott made up Liverpool’s front line.
Emery set up in a 4-4-1-1, changing it up entirely from the 4-4-2 he used against Arsenal’s draw against Crystal Palace, after being 2-0 ahead. Ahead of Emiliano Martínez in goal, the Gunners’ back four consisted of captain Héctor Bellerín, Shkodran Mustafi, Rob Holding, and Sead Kolašinac. In central midfield, Emery went with first-team player, Lucas Torreira and Arsenal youth product, Joe Willock, as a double pivot, with Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Bukayo Saka supporting them on both flanks. Mesut Özil, whose lack of game time has been the main topic of discussion ahead every single Arsenal game, finally started in an advanced role, just behind Brazilian youngster Gabriel Martinelli.
Both teams scoring five goals in normal time shows the attacking prowess both sides have, which is especially significant because of the amount of youth playing.
Liverpool predominantly wanted to attack through the flanks, as they usually do with first-team fullbacks Trent Alexander-Arnold, and Andrew Robertson.
However, it is known that Milner is not as agile as Robertson, and most likely does not have the energy to sustain going up and down the flanks for a full match. Furthermore, Williams, who is still not part of Liverpool’s first team would have been tasked with a lot of responsibility by bombing up the right-hand side similar to Alexander-Arnold, as well as defending against a top-six side.
Usually, Liverpool can play with such proactive fullbacks because the midfield of Fabinho, Jordan Henderson, and Georginio Wijnaldum are all quite negative in their play, usually covering for a fullback in possession. However, this match saw Klopp play a dynamic attacking midfield. He tasked them to provide width, rather than the fullbacks.
By going wide, Liverpool midfielders would often drag Arsenal midfielders out with them, creating an imbalance in midfield for Arsenal.
Arsenal, on the other hand, had attacks that were a bit more spread about, with nine from the right, six from the centre, and three from the left.
Their leading creator was Özil who had a point to prove to Emery. A lof of his attacking statistics were the highest of his team: his pass completion was the highest (94%), he had the best xA of his team (1.20), and he had the most passes to the final third (5).
Arsenal focused on pressing Liverpool into mistakes and attacking them before the home team could resituate themselves into a defensive shape. This tactic was working well for Arsenal, and they created more chances from open play (six) than Liverpool (three).
Another positive for Arsenal is that they seemed to have a new setpiece routine well worked that did catch Liverpool off guard. However, they were unable to capitalise.
Unluckily for Arsenal, they were not clinical enough when it mattered, as they failed to even get five of their twelve shots on target. Ten shots on target is plenty, and although they scored five goals, they could have forced Kelleher, a young and inexperienced keeper, into making more than two saves.
Each team conceding five goals was great entertainment for neutrals and at first glance, a bad sign for both managers. That being said, fans of both sides should not worry too much about the lack of defensive abilities that both teams put on display.
Both managers fielding an inexperienced, and relatively young players. All ten goals either came from mistakes, with three players making errors that led to goals, or unsavable goals that showed the quality of the two sides.
Neither manager deployed a specific tactic that did not work well or allowed the other team to score so many, until the final minutes, when Liverpool came from behind (again) to equalise.
After Willock had scored Arsenal’s fifth goal in the 70th minute, both managers made some changes. Klopp knew that he had very little time to find an equaliser, so he had to be as proactive as possible with his thinking.
As soon as he was able to, Klopp made a substitution, taking out Oxlade-Chamberlain, and subbing on Pedro Chirivella, a central midfielder, who can also play as a defensive midfielder. Klopp then changed the system from a 4-3-3 to a 4-1-3-2. Klopp instructed Chirivella to play as a defensive midfielder which allowed Curtis Jones to play a bit further forward, on the flank. Lallana was asked to play as an attacking midfielder, and Jones along with Elliott were instructed to play like wingers. Origi and Brewster played alongside each other as strikers.
Not only were Liverpool essentially playing with five attacking players and one midfielder. Klopp also instructed fullbacks Milner and Williams to push up as high as possible when in possession.
Emery also made changes to hold onto the one-goal lead. While the 4-2-3-1 formation did not change, the personnel did, which allowed Arsenal to be a bit more defensive. First, he substituted Torreria for Dani Ceballos. Torreria, in actuality, is a more defensive player than Ceballos, but as a central midfielder, Ceballos’s ball retention is much stronger, and Emery hoped that with him in midfield, Arsenal could control the final minutes. His second substitution was Kolašinac for Kieran Tierney. Not only was Kolašinac on a yellow card, but Emery was also aware that Klopp would throw everything at the wall for an equaliser. He wanted to ensure that his defence had some fresh legs to deal with the abundance of attacking plays Liverpool did.
Despite smart substitutions, Arsenal did not manage the game well after Willock’s goal. It is unclear as to whether this was down to Emery himself, or the players, but Arsenal failed to keep compact. On the contrary, they were surprisingly playing quite expansive football. This allowed gaps to be made for Liverpool to exploit.
Liverpool’s equaliser came from Williams’s ability to find space within the gaps that Arsenal created, which led to him assisting the goal, scored by Origi.
It is hard to fault Arsenal, it is the dying moments of the game, energy is low, and the players are trying to cling onto all the mental strength they have left to see out the match. However, finishing games strong has been something Arsenal have struggled with for a while now, particularly this season with Emery at the helm. Again, it is unclear as to whether Emery himself ordered the players to be more expansive, or if they were unable to follow instructions correctly, but it was what forced the Gunners into the penalty shootout, which they eventually lost.
It is hard to say which team deserved it entirely on the night. Both sides had great spells and horrible lapses of concentration in the span of ninety minutes. Liverpool will be happy with the win but disappointed that they conceded five goals. Arsenal will be happy that they went toe to toe with Liverpool at Anfield but will be disappointed in the fact that they threw away a lead again, after doing so against Crystal Palace in the league. The sides meet again in May at the Emirates Stadium. Fans and neutrals alike will be hoping for another cracker, just like this one.
If you love tactical analysis, then you’ll love the digital magazines from totalfootballanalysis.com – a guaranteed 100+ pages of pure tactical analysis covering topics from the Premier League, Serie A, La Liga, Bundesliga and many, many more. Buy your copy of the October issue for just ₤4.99 here

Caribbean Dream Leopard 45 | From US$ 11,000/wk
Sailing Catamaran, Caribbean Dream, is a Roberts and Caine 47ft Leopard Catamaran available for private charters in the Virgin Islands. She has three double air-conditioned guest cabins all with private ensuite bathrooms. Caribbean Dream has ample deck space for alfresco dining or sunbathing and is perfect for all kinds of charters, including families, friends or honeymoon couples. She has loads of water sport toys and a professional crew of two to see to your every need.

This book shines a spotlight on software-centric networks and their emerging service environments. The authors examine the road ahead for connectivity, for both humans and ‘things’, considering the rapid changes that have shaken the industry.
The book analyses major catalytic shifts that are shaping the communications world: softwarization, virtualization, and cloud computing. It guides the reader through a maze of possible architectural choices, driven by discriminating and sometimes conflicting business considerations. The new ICT capabilities lead us toward smarter environments and to an ecosystem where applications are backed up by shared networking facilities, instead of networks that support their own applications. Growing user awareness is a key driver towards the softwarization process.
Softwarization disrupts the current status quo for equipment, development, networks, operations and business. It changes radically the value chain and the involved stakeholders. The dilemma is between a ‘slow burn’ traditional step-by-step approach and a bold transformation of the whole infrastructure and business models. This book is essential reading for those seeking to build user-centric communication networks that support independent agile and smart applications. See more
About the authors
Roberto Minerva, has a Master Degree in Computer Science from Bari University, Italy, and a Ph.D in computer Science and Telecommunications from Telecom Sud Paris, France. Roberto is the head of Innovative Architectures group within the Future Centre in the Strategy Department of Telecom Italia. His job is to create advanced scenarios derived from the application of emerging ICT technologies with innovative business models especially in the area of IoT, distributed computing, programmable networks and personal data. he is currently involved in Telecom Italia activities related to Big Data, architecture for IoT, and ICT technologies for leveraging Cultural Heritage.
Noël Crespi holds Masters degrees from the Universities of Orsay and Canterbury, a Diplome d’ingénieur from Telecom ParisTech and a Ph.D and Habilitation from Paris VI University. He joined Institut Mines-Telecom in 2002 and is currently Professor and MSc Programme Director, leading the Service Architecture Laboratory. He coordinates the standardisation activities for Institut Telecom at ETSI, 3GPP and ITU-T. He is also adjunct professor at KAIST (Korea), and is on the 4-person Scientific Advisory Board of FTW (Austria). His current research interests are in Service Architectures, Communication Services, Social Networks, and Internet of Things/Services. He is the author/co-author of 250 articles and contributions in standardisation. See more
Networks and New Services: A Complete Story
Roberto Minerva, Noël Crespi
Series “Internet of Things”
100,21 € (hardcover) – 79,72 € (eBook)

An excerpt from my GMO post back in December:
A lot of the time, when I speak to people about organic foods and GMOs they look at me like I’m nuts. Even as the awareness of genetically modified foods is steadily increasing, most folks still don’t have a clue what GMO is and they definitely don’t realize they are eating it every day. GMOs were introduced into our food supply in the mid-90′s without any required labeling or proper independent safety testing. They are in almost 90% of the foods at the supermarket without the informed consent of you, the consumer.
Support Prop 37 and vote YES to label GMO!

International Medical Device School - Korea
MediHeroes with ARQon (Asia Regulatory & Quality Consultancy) and ARPA(Asia Regulatory Professionals Association) are launching the Medical Device School program to provide an ideal opportunity to MEDTECH INDUSTRY PROFESSIONALS to gain a comprehensive overview of medical devices lifecycle, from research and development stages to commercialization in Korea.
Gain valuable insights and experiences from the key respected speakers in the field to apply to your work/decision and preventing common mistakes.
Gain a comprehensive understanding on global regulatory landscape and latest updates including the new CE MDR/IVDR enforcement by May 2020/2022.
Discover the design, testing and standards requirements for product safety.
To explore the advanced technologies in medical device.
To hear about the market strategies, opportunities and challenges in the manufacturing and distribution. Networking with Medtech partners and industries, for potential collaboration.
Tel: +82 2 6406 3838
2F, Seongji-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea
서울시 마포구 합정동 375-4, 2F (합정역 7번출구)

There are some who believe that monogamy is natural to humans and others who believe that humans are naturally polygynous. For a detailed discussion on monogamy vs. polygamy, see article Monogamy vs. Polygamy: What is natural for humans?
Regardless of which of the two camps is right, it’s hard to deny that monogamy is prevalent in humans. This article explores the reasons why monogamy is so common in humans.
The end goal of sexual reproduction is to successfully pass on one’s genes to the next generation. To motivate us to achieve this goal, we’re wired to find certain members of the opposite sex attractive and form relationships with them.
A typical relationship can be defined as a long-term or an expected long-term bond between individuals each of whom will ultimately contribute half of their genetic code to produce an offspring and raise it.
The long-term mating strategy (monogamy), as opposed to the short-term mating strategy, is the most preferred mating strategy worldwide. Since marriage is found in nearly all the cultures, even in those cut off from the modern world, it can’t be merely a social construct.
The desire to seek a long-term partner and raise offspring with them is wired into the human psyche. But why?
The evolution of monogamy
Our early ancestors probably engaged in unconditional short-term mating. They basically banged whenever they could. They had to. Survival was extremely hard thanks to predators and diseases. Only by reproducing indiscriminately and as often as possible could they increase the chances of successfully passing on their genes.
But about 2 million years ago, something changed. Our early ancestors became bipedal i.e. they stood up and walked. The female pelvis grew narrower but the human brain grew significantly in size as we freed our hands, made tools, started fires, and developed language.
So for a baby’s big head to pass through the narrow birth canal, the baby had to be born well before the brain could develop fully. This evolutionary trade-off resulted in a highly vulnerable and helpless baby with prolonged childhood, wholly reliant on its parents.
It was probably at this stage in our evolutionary history that monogamy became the dominant mating strategy. It facilitated adequate support, protection, and care that a helpless baby requires from both its parents.
Women pursuing monogamy
Women pursuing monogamy makes all the sense in the world. Since they can produce a limited number of offspring with many time constraints and huge costs, they can best ensure their reproductive success by raising their few offspring well.
Although they can benefit from short-term mating, the costs are pretty huge.
Men pursuing monogamy
Men pursuing monogamy is an interesting phenomenon. They have a lot to gain from short-term mating and very little to lose by pursuing the short-term mating strategy.
The fact that many men pursue long-term mating tells us that the benefits of monogamy can outweigh the benefits of short-term mating.
Men are wired to pursue short-term mating so that they can father as many children as they can. This equation of reproductive success for men changes when you factor in vulnerable babies with big heads and prolonged childhoods.
It’s no longer about quantity but about quality of offspring. By providing adequate care to his offspring, a man can ensure that it survives and successfully reproduces later in life.
There’s little reproductive success in fathering dozens of offspring who all die or fail to reproduce because they didn’t receive adequate care.
Pulling off the anchor
There are psychological programs for short-term mating and long-term mating strategies in both men and women. What strategy they choose will depend on the cost/benefit calculations they carry out in their heads in a specific context.
Men are pulled more strongly toward the short-term mating strategy because they can benefit from it reproductively. The need for significant parental investment and the additional care that a human baby requires anchors them to long-term mating.
If we pulled off that anchor, what do you think would happen?
What if parental investment and support of a baby are taken care of by something else like government funds, childcare policies or even well-to-do mothers?
In such a situation, men are likely to revert to pursuing short-term mating or serial monogamy because each offspring they father will likely be cared for. Now, in order to maximize their reproductive success, quantity again becomes important.
In developed countries with good childcare support, divorce rates are high and men start new families every now and then. This has resulted in the rise of single moms.
In the developing countries that are poor and barely supporting their own economy, let alone supporting children, ‘single mom’ is an alien concept or a highly stigmatized one. Single dads do exist but they’re far less common worldwide because that kind of a strategy is not very reproductively beneficial for men.

In a recent phone call, a friend and I chatted about our first week at home during the coronavirus lockdown. She, along with many of us, finds the transition challenging. Since moving to a work-from-home setup, her job—which typically involves daily in-person interactions—has shifted to mostly email or Zoom communication. Her positive and productive work relationships were suddenly feeling strained and unfamiliar.
Recent psychological findings help to elucidate how human interactions are changing in the age of coronavirus. As COVID-19 continues to spread, more and more people are required to stay home. This new reality has friends, families, and colleagues communicating exclusively online. The problem is that online interactions—particularly when they supplant in-person interactions—can make us feel disconnected and lonely because they lack the humanizing features necessary for deep social connection.
But there are ways to minimize the downsides of our newfound digital lives. Here, we review research-based strategies to optimize your social engagement online. The psychology comes from our recent paper which outlines four key ways in which online and offline interactions differ.
Just because we are “socially distancing” doesn’t mean we have to socially disconnect.
First, online interactions tend to be bereft of nonverbal cues—the embodied things that people readily do during in-person communication such as smiling, touching, or changing the tone of one’s voice to express emotion. These cues are important contributors to how we connect with others. Seeing someone’s smiling face can increase feelings of acceptance, feeling someone’s touch can enhance cooperation with them, and hearing someone’s voice humanizes them even during conflict. Not only do these cues enhance intimacy during conversation, they also help prevent miscommunication.
But many of the ways we interact online (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) are mostly text-based, stripping away visual, physical, and auditory nonverbal cues. For this reason, consider choosing technologies that regain these important means of connection. When your goal is to connect or strengthen understanding, use phone calls and video chats to implant nonverbal cues back into your conversations. Select equipment that gives you the clearest access to these nonverbal cues: for example, using headphones instead of speakers increases the ability to detect paralinguistic cues in a voice—such as pitch, volume, and intonation—making people feel socially closer to the communicator.
Second, online platforms allow people to passively and anonymously browse content. Passive browsing—on social media, in particular—is associated with feelings of loneliness and reduced well-being. Further, anonymity can lead people to be disinhibited—allowing them to feel less accountable and increase behaviors that they may be less likely to display in person (e.g., bullying).
The research indicates that using online platforms in a more active way—commenting and posting instead of just liking and browsing—enhances connectedness for at least two reasons. First, it gives others the opportunity to respond meaningfully to your posts, starting actual conversations. Second, it reduces “parasocial” relationships, one-sided interactions in which you extend energy and time following someone who has no awareness of your existence (leading to wasted emotional labor for the follower). Thus, being more active in your online engagement may help to safeguard against this issue and increase feelings of connection.
Third, online platforms allow for wider (and faster) dissemination of information than ever before—meaning that there is an unending stream of information at your fingertips. At times, this can be positive as it allows you to learn and be aware of the day’s happenings. But while staying informed is certainly important, obsessing over the news during a particularly volatile time (a pandemic, for instance), can add to one’s angst.
Use technology in a way that helps you to remain physically distant while socially connected.
To reduce anxiety, set rules for yourself about how often and how long you will read the news. Moreover, it’s likely that not all of that information is trustworthy. False news stories have been shown to spread more quickly and widely than true stories. To enhance accuracy, notice the source of the news: stick to news outlets that cite their primary sources and actually read the source material. By setting consumption constraints and sticking to primary sources, you will be more efficient in consuming information online.
The fourth and final difference between online and offline interactions presents a silver lining to our current predicament. Online platforms provide more opportunities to create new social ties and strengthen existing ties. Connecting with someone online is increasingly common and often leads to offline friendships, relationships, and even marriage. Now is a time to join support groups, find other people who share common interests, or simply connect with people over the “new normal” we are all adjusting to.
The last couple of weeks have given our personal and professional lives a new challenge. For the foreseeable future, the majority of the world will be living behind closed doors—but just because we are “socially distancing” doesn’t mean we have to socially disconnect. Follow the lessons we outline here to use technology in a way that helps you to remain physically distant while socially connected.

About 22 results.
... in responding to requests for euthanasia and assisted suicide, define these terms, supportthe application of palliative care nursing guidelines in clinical practice, and identify recommendations fornursing practice, education, administration, and ...
THE ETHICS OF PALLIATIVE SEDATION A Report by the National Ethics Committee of the Veterans Health Administration March ...
BMC Palliative Care 2010, 9:20http://www.
This article explores the option of continuing thepregnancy with the support of perinatal palliative care.
... medical care resulting in death; second, the forgoing or withdrawalof medical measures that leads to death; third and finally, palliative sedationthat causes death.
... has been considered,but a caretaker at the state hospitalbelieves that the physicians should foregotreatment and adopt a palliative care plan.
... Hospice and Respite Care Understanding Hospice Additional ResourceNational Hospice and Palliative Centers for Medicare & Hospice Foundation of for Veterans:Care Organization Medicaid ...
PALLIATIVEOR COMFORT CARE When you have a serious illness, symptoms can include pain and emotional distress.
It provides: • Definition of pediatric palliative and/or hospice care; • An overview of Concurrent Care for Children provision in the Affordable Care ...
World Health OrganizationEssential Medicines in Palliative CareEXECUTIVE SUMMARYPrepared by:International Association for Hospice and Palliative Care (IAHPC)January 2013Contact ...

Jay Scotts Globe Fiberglass Planter
- High-Quality Flawless Construction
- Ideal for Residential or Commercial Use
- Lightweight & Durable
- Weatherproof UV Protection & Frost-Resistant
Jay Scotts Globe Indoor and Outdoor Planter Pot
Add a modern touch to your interior and exterior spaces with the Globe Fiberglass Planter, a piece that elevates your plants into works of art. The sphere-shaped planter will make a stunning foundation for succulents, ferns, palms, bromeliads or hostas.
Even better, the Globe Fiberglass Planter is available in 16 finishes — opening up a wide array of options for customizing your projects. For a vibrant colorful presentation, choose it in hues like Gloss Tangerine, Satin Sea Foam or Gloss Saffron. For a more understated look, select the planter in neutral tones like Satin Beige, Matte Charcoal or Matte Dark Brown.
The Globe Fiberglass Planter, which is also available in two sizes, is a popular choice among professional designers and landscapers as well as avid gardeners who want an upscale, durable foundation for their plants. The planter adapts with ease to a variety of settings, including the lobbies, entryways, patios and decks of hotels, resorts, office buildings and residential homes..
The planter is more than stylish. It is constructed by skilled craftsmen to be highly functional and durable. Made of premium fiberglass, the Globe Planter also undergoes an automotive grade finishing that makes it resistant to fading or chipping — even in the most extreme weather conditions, including freezing rain and intense heat.
***Fiberglass planters are painted to order and therefore require a lead time of 5 to 7 business days***
24" L x 24" W x 18.75" H
Inside: 14" L x 14" W
36" L x 36" W x 30.5" H
Inside: 18" L x 18" W
You may also be interested in
Cork PadsAs low as $2.19
PolyPebbles Plastic StonesAs low as $9.95
Deep Plant Liners$0.00
Soil ProbeAs low as $15.53
Fiskars Cuts+More Scissors$22.05
Retractable Feather Duster$13.15
Pokon Leaf Shine$14.25
Fiskars Folding Saw$18.45
Lechuza CoasterAs low as $30.99

All schools are reporting that the profile of their child population is becoming more complex . There are multiple reasons for this – disadvantage , deprivation and disability , all give rise to vulnerabilities in childhood and adolescence .
What is common across these children is that their learning profile , the ways in which they engage as successful learners , is not typical to those learning pathways that we, as teachers, may have traditionally seen . Thus we need new tools in our teaching toolkit to extend our repertoire , and ensure every child is meaningfully engaged in learning.
However , these approach are not immediately obvious or available . These are children with a profile of learning needs not previously seen in their presentations or configurations before .
Now it has become even more apparent that whist teaching is an evidence based profession , that evidence is not there to support the classroom teacher or school leader , in the judgement they need to make about teaching such children .
Inquiry needs to become a dynamic in every day practice ; teachers need to be equipped with the skills to investigate , discover , find out , what are the most successful ways of engaging that chid as an effective learner .
The lens of inquiry can illuminate those crevices of learning which a pure evidence based approach does not throw light on .
The Inquiry dynamic needs to be embedded in everyday practice , as the classroom is the ecologically valid environment in which a teacher can make those crucial, enabling discoveries , for and with the child .
In this lecture I outline some of the thinking behind this approach, how school leaders can build a ‘ finding out culture ‘ in their school, and how teachers, in all classrooms, can use the inquiry dynamic to find solutions and ways forward through their skilled and creative teaching , and thus lessen the frustrations and inherent tensions that may otherwise emerge .
Further reading around this topic , can be found in ‘ Engaging Learners with Complex Needs “ ( Carpenter et al , 2015 , ) and subsequent articles on the website www.barrycarpentereducation.com.
Professor Carpenter’s recent lecture on “Nurturing a culture of inquiry at your school” can be found on : https://www.evidenceforlearning.net/barrycarpenter/

Divorce is a problem that affects thousands of families every year; in fact, over 50 percent of all marriages in the United States end in divorce. In many divorce cases, children are involved, which can have a damaging effect on their psychological well-being. Often, only one parent is awarded custody, which results in the child living in a single parent household. Children living in single-parent households are more likely to dropout of school and make other poor life choices. It is for reasons such as these why divorce is something that has to be discussed openly. As a student, you may have to tackle this subject. That is why we have gathered essays on divorce with clearly written thesis statements and conclusions which you can use as examples for your writing.

Core Values Ppt Template
4 core values PowerPoint template is a simple info graphic showcasing inevitable values of an organization. The presenters can display business core values for an moral awakening to the entire corporate sectors. The common ppt slide is created with attractive design in simple layouts enables the presenter to deliver easy-to-learn concepts. Business value presentation in PowerPoint is quite evident in corporate business areas. Every business is running with certain core values that lead the business into the next level. Company core values can guide the decision making process in a variety of situations, however, company directors should make clear core values in a codified format. From contracting process to customer relationship management, core values play a decisive role.
Core values PowerPoint template covers 4 points with a detailed note on the left and right side of the diagram. Each component presentation will be easily understood by the viewers because of the color distinctions of the PowerPoint circles are matched with the text placeholders. The presenters can put the heading in the center circle and the sub elements can be depicted with the peripheral mini circles. The core value presentation template includes 4 elements such as teamwork, quality, reliability, and innovation. The smart clipart icons on the circle could be replaceable hence the users can drag more meaningful icons instead of.
Use 4 section PowerPoint for core values ppt template presentation to show list of core values with easy-to-learn visual format. Company core value presentation is vital for both company owners and the staff to understand in which area company has given more concentration to develop business processes. In an employee perspective, core value is a driven factor whether stay or relieve from that organization. So, core values are critical if you want to make a long-lasting, inspiring, and positive place to work. Edit whatever you want and create a motivating presentation with simple PowerPoint graphics.
You can access more Core Values Templates here Grab the free ppt now!

On Wednesday, September 29, 2010, my 1001 days to complete 101 tasks time was up. Here’s a breakdown of how it went.
- 101 tasks to be completed
- Assumed rate of completion: 1 task every 9 days.
- 1001 days in which the tasks needed to be completed.
- 52: number of tasks completed.
- Average rate of completion: 1 task every 19 days.
- 11: number of tasks that were “in progress” at the deadline.
- 38: number of tasks not completed.
- Number of credit hours earned while pursuing my MBA: seventeen.
- Number of books read for the 101/1001 list: fourteen.
- States visited during my 101/1001: three: Illinois, Georgia, Texas.
- Hair colors during the project: 3, Dark Burgundy Brown, Intense Red, Copper Red
- $51.63: Amount of interest earned by opening a high-interest savings account.
- 264: the number of recipe links I have saved to my Delicious feed.
- 6: museums visited during the 101/1001: The Field Museum, The Coke Museum, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Georgia Aquarium, the Mary Kay Museum, and the Cleveland Museum of Art.
- 28: number of tasks that are rolling over into a new 101/1001 list*.
- The quantification of the value I received from participating in this project: innumerable.
*That’s right, I’m doing another Day Zero Project!

Lindr Kontakt 40K (2 x Tap)
Has a high performance, small dimensions and regulated air system. It is opening new possibilities in professional and commercial use.
- Quiet inbuilt compressor
- Continuous cooling capacity of 35-40l/h max 50l/
- Minimum energy use
- Ready within 5-8 mins to dispense (after switched on)
- 45% more efficient than its power input
- Stainless steel casing
- Long working life
- Available with St/St Drip Tray
- Adjustable temperature control
- 7 different settings
- 2 x grab handles for ease of moving unit
- W227mm D478mm
- (including drip tray) H468mm
*Please note that the additional branding option will increase the lead time by up to 2 weeks.
Need assistance? Get in touch with us on +44(0)1484 340800 or via our live chat and one of our team will be happy to help.

It’s Tender for Tending!
These letterpress printed paper coins are embedded with real live seeds. Tuck them in soil, give ’em some water, and watch your investment grow.
- Pennies = delicate wildflowers
- Nickels = spritely herbs
- Dimes = crunchy root crops
- Quarters = crispy fresh salad greens
Seed Money coins are beautifully designed and printed on handmade paper in the United States. We’ve carefully selected organic and heirloom seeds for each denomination. And we use only vegetable-based inks so every crop is fit to eat. Give a gift that gathers dirt, not dust!
Please Check Back Soon!
$9.00 - 30 Mixed Coins
$30.00 - Party Favor set (12 packets)
$89.00 - 500 Mixed Coins Bulk
$149.00 - 1,000 Mixed Coins Bulk
Scroll down to see photos of all these options and formats!

It’s no secret that I love food. It’s even hard to tell that I love to eat. (I so love to eat!) And a lot of nights when I’m super tied up with the kids and don’t want to cook the same things over and over again, I try to think of something different with the ingredients I already have. (Because once I’m in the house, I’m in and I’m not leaving!)
So, it’s Tuesday and we already did spaghetti, already had pizza, didn’t want a sandwich, OMG what are we going to do? At the end of the day when it’s dinner time, guess who does the decision mainly fall on? If you guessed me, you are so right. But I’m not complaining because I actually do enjoy cooking. (Sometimes.)
I love to make up food that actually turn out good and taste good. (Especially for my step-sons because I don’t want them to feel like they will starve when they are with us.) Yeah, I know I can be a little dramatic. It’s stressful being a step parent but I’ll get into that some other time. *nervous laugh*
Anyway, I’m looking through all cupboards of the kitchen trying to figure out something quick but good and filling. In the midst of brainstorming, I just so happened to look up at an old “fishbowl” glass I got from our honeymoon in New Orleans. The first thing that came to mind was how good their gumbo is. OMG, I seriously never had such good food! (& drinks- haha)
It would be wonderful to have a big bowl of gumbo.
One tiny problem.
I don’t know how to make gumbo. Even looking up recipes for it online, I didn’t have all the ingredients to make it. Crap! Now what?
I came across a bag of frozen shrimp and some Mexican rice and thought, “This could be good”.
Then I kind of lost track of what I was thinking about at the moment and went towards a Chili route. So, I got a can of kidney beans, tomato sauce, cayenne pepper, black peppercorn…
So, I took a chance and threw everything into a pot and it came out lovely!
No, really, it did. My stepson liked it. I was surprised because I thought it was going to be a mess!
Ok, now I’m finally going to tell you how I made it. But first, the ingredients!
- 1 bag of frozen pre-peeled medium shrimp
- 1 can of whole potatoes
- 1 can of sweet corn niblets
- 1 can of light red kidney beans
- 1 bag of Knorr Pasta Sides Mexican rice
- 1 small can of tomato sauce
- Cayenne pepper seasoning
- Black pepper
First, I cooked the rice. The directions on the bag say bring 2 cups of water to a boil in a saucepan. I put an extra cup in. (so 3 cups). It’s obviously too much water but previously cooking this rice, I always end up adding more water anyway. So, while the rice is boiling for about 5 mins, reduce heat to medium heat and stir occasionally.
Have shrimp thawed out or sitting in warm water in a bowl thawing while you are cooking the rice. (saves time and it doesn’t take long to thaw.)
Chop up the whole potatoes a little before you put it in the rice.
Then add corn, beans and tomato sauce to the pot. Still stirring occasionally, add just a teaspoon of cayenne pepper. (A little goes a long way, trust me. Unless you love spicy, have at it! ) Add a little pepper to taste.
Now, it’s time to simmer. Just for about 10 mins, covered until beans and potatoes are tender. Stir occasionally.
And that’s it! All done! Trust me, it’s good and goes great with crackers! It’s a perfect meal for a chilly night at home or a filling meal that doesn’t need any sides. Whenever I make this again, I will probably add some chopped bell peppers to it. (I love bell peppers!)
Try it and tell me what you think! It’s delicious and I’m sure you won’t regret it.
Until next time, stay spicy! 😉

Strawberry Guava By Fruitbae Nic Salt Juice
Looking for your next favourite summer flavour? Look no further than Sorbae Strawberry Guava, a sensational balance of fresh strawberries and zesty pink guava all blended on ice for the perfect summer beach vibe.
Finished with a cool exhale.
FORMERLY KNOWN AS SORBAE
Fruitbae Salt E-Liquid is NOT intended for use in Sub-Ohm Tank systems. Fruitbae Salt E-Liquid is intended for small pod systems.
* Strawberry, Guava, Ice *
60VG / 40PG

Well hello there! Welcome to Scran on the Tyne!
Scran on the Tyne is an award-winning, independent North East and Newcastle food blog.
Thanks for visiting my site! Scran on the Tyne was founded by me, Lauren Archer, in 2013. The site is primarily run and written by myself, with the occasional guest post from other North East foodies. I’ve collaborated with a wide range of brands, including French Connection, Hungry House and a huge number of food businesses across the region and beyond.
I’m all about celebrating everything food, drink and hospitality related throughout our wonderful region and always provide honest, unique feedback on restaurants, bars, cafés and hotels across the North East. I’m no Jay Rayner, but I know a canny plate of food when I eat one, and you’ll find plenty of insightful reviews on this site.
The North East has experienced something of a food revolution, so it’s my aim to share with you the best of the burgeoning culinary circuit and help you take full advantage of the foodie treats our region has to offer.
If you’d like to get in touch to discuss a collaboration, you can do so via my CONTACT page. You’ll also find details there about my sponsored post policy.
If you’re looking for something more than a review to promote your venue or brand, I can help! As an experienced Marketing & PR professional by day, I’m able to offer a range of expert marketing, PR and digital services for the hospitality industry. Find out more about the services I offer, right HERE.
Lastly, thanks so much for checking out my little slice of the internet – I hope you enjoy reading.

Which was your best holiday?
My best ever holiday is coming home or being at home and being with my own computer, television set, my own things around me, and not having to bloody well pack a bag. I’m most comfortable with my wife, Kristina, at home, which these days is either at our chalet in Crans-Montana in Valais in Switzerland or at our apartment in Monaco.
We’ve enjoyed some fabulous holidays, though. Cruising down the Nile was unforgettable, and Sardinia, where we filmed part of The Spy Who Loved Me and stayed at the Cala de Volpe Hotel, was absolutely beautiful.
And the best hotel you’ve stayed in?
Certainly the Ritz in London. It’s not just five-star, it’s 10-star. It’s so elegant and comfortable and everything works. The Four Seasons everywhere are also fantastic.
What do you need for a perfect holiday?
My own pillows. We stay occasionally at La Colombe d’Or in Saint-Paul de Vence, and Kristina takes pillows from home. Culture’s important, too, so we love Vienna and I narrate a chamber music festival every year in Dubrovnik, which is a stunningly beautiful place with some fantastic restaurants. People are of course vitally important too – the staff of the hotels; the kitchen staff even more important; and, most important of all, the sommelier.
What do you always take with you?
Apart from my pillows? No Bond gadgets, unfortunately. They took them all back. I wish I did have a few, then I could auction them off for Unicef. I take books. I’ve discovered a Norwegian detective writer, Jo Nesbo. You know those days when you try to hold onto that last chapter because you don’t want to finish it? He writes those sort of books. I like showbusiness autobiographies, too.
What’s your best piece of travel advice?
Don’t miss the plane. I’ve never missed a plane in my life. If I have any fault I’m always too early. With the help of Kristina I’m a very well prepared traveller.
Where do you want to go next?
I’ve got a little tour of theatres in England in October starting off with Malvern. About 10 dates. On my birthday I shall be at Kingston doing a Q&A and signing books that people have bought. There’ll be a curiosity queue: is he still alive?
We also had the pleasure of meeting Burma’s pro-democracy leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, in Dublin a few weeks ago, so we’re looking forward to going out there and exploring that country.
Which was your worst holiday?
I don’t think any particular one would go down as a complete, or even a mild disaster. I’m acutely aware that I’ll find disappointment somewhere, so I’m quite happy when I do.
What has been your worst experience on holiday?
I was unfortunate enough to be struck down with an illness in Beijing. It was a Unicef event and I got the bad fish or whatever it was. We were supposed to go to Xian to see the terracotta warriors, but I was too ill to make the journey. There were 10 other people at lunch and I was the only one to be ill.
What’s the biggest packing mistake you’ve made?
I’m a very well organised packer, but I can’t pack any more because my back aches bending over a case, so we’re fortunate enough to have a wonderful lady who looks after us. And if she doesn’t, my wife does. If I find something has a slight wrinkle I hang it on a shower rail on a bath in the hotel bathroom and turn on the hot tap and shut the doors, which normally does the trick.
Except for the time we visited Prince Edward Island in Canada and I unfortunately had three suits hanging and the trousers slipped off into the hot steamy bath. That was at about 8pm; fortunately I managed to make the trousers that I’d been travelling in look OK with a jacket, so I didn’t have to go down to dinner in my Y-fronts.
The worst hotel you’ve stayed in?
In my touring days I stayed in theatrical digs. One in Bath, which didn’t have a bathroom, was on the top floor, the attic room, up five flights of stairs. I shared it with one of the understudies, a nice fellow, and we had this room with a bed down each wall, one under the sloping roof and the other going toward the centre.
That night we kept hearing this tapping, scratching noise on the wall and, thought, “God. There are rats.” Next day we discovered that in the next room there was Mademoiselle Fifi, the star of the variety show in another theatre. She was staying with her lover and the bedstead was a little far from the wall. But on the Friday an ambulance came and took the lover away. He’d knocked holes in the wall by that time. And her, I suppose.
That night I trudged down five floors to the lavatory, opened the door, and there was Mademoiselle Fifi sitting with a pair of blue knickers around her ankles, a fag hanging from her mouth and reading a paperback. I said, “Oh, I do beg your pardon,” and she replied in a thick Lancashire accent, 'It’s all right, love, shut t’door on way out.’” I wouldn’t go back.
What do you avoid on holidays?
After my experience in Beijing – dysentery.
What do you hate about holidays?
Packing or unpacking. I find it to be a terrible waste of a day.
- Bond on Bond by Sir Roger Moore is published on October 4 by Michael O’Mara Books.

A week after the Parkland school shooting left 17 people dead, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to praise National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre. “What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, [NRA official] Chris [Cox] and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots,” Trump wrote Thursday, shortly before LaPierre gave a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference in which he rejected calls for tough gun legislation.
What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 22, 2018
Over the decades, LaPierre has amassed a record of inflammatory and paranoid rhetoric, often warning that Americans are on the verge of having their guns confiscated as the country moves toward socialism. Here is a rundown some of the most incendiary comments LaPierre has made since joining the NRA in 1977.
1987: The New York subway shooter is a “political prisoner”
In 1984, Bernhard Goetz shot four black teenagers on the New York subway after they asked him for $5. He stopped shooting after running out of bullets. One victim was left paralyzed. “My intention was to murder them, to hurt them, to make them suffer as much as possible,” Goetz told police. “If I had more bullets, I would have shot them all again and again. My problem was I ran out of bullets, and I was gonna gouge one of the guys’ eyes out with my keys afterwards.” Goetz was eventually convicted on a weapons charge but acquitted of attempted murder.
In a 1987 letter detailed by The Wire, LaPierre told New York Gov. Mario Cuomo that Goetz had “suffered three long years as a political prisoner, exonerated of real crime by a jury, yet ultimately condemned to jail by a New York judge inflicting his own outrageous, personal biases against this victim.” LaPierre’s claim was misleading; Goetz had been released on bail before eventually serving 250 days in jail for the gun conviction. Regardless, LaPierre urged the governor to pardon Goetz.
1994: The media’s propaganda machine is more effective than Hitler’s
At the NRA’s 1994 convention, LaPiere said, “Our media has become the master over the very Constitution that created it.” He added, “Forget Stalin’s Russia. Forget Hitler’s Germany. The mightiest propaganda machine the world has ever known is right here in 1994 America.”
1995: Law enforcement officials are “jack-booted government thugs”
In a fundraising letter referencing the Waco siege, LaPierre called federal law enforcement officials “jack-booted government thugs” outfitted in “Nazi bucket helmets and black storm trooper uniforms.” LaPierre didn’t back down after Timothy McVeigh targeted government workers in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people. In response, former President George H.W. Bush resigned as a lifetime member of the NRA, calling LaPierre’s letter a “vicious slander on good people” that offended his sense of “decency and honor.”
2000: Bill Clinton wants gun deaths so he can strengthen gun control
“I’ve come to believe he needs a certain level of violence in this country,” LaPierre said in 2000 about President Bill Clinton’s approach to gun control. “He’s willing to accept a certain level of killing to further his political agenda.”
After the Parkland shooting, Rush Limbaugh dug up LaPierre’s claim to argue that nothing has changed. “[Democrats] don’t want a solution,” Limbaugh said. “That is what Wayne LaPierre was saying 18 years ago on ABC.”
2017: The “left-wing socialist brigade” is preparing a violent assault on democracy
At last year’s CPAC, LaPierre said, “I think we all agree we live in a more angry, dangerous world than we’ve seen in a long time.” Violent crime in the United States is actually down dramatically since the 1990s. Nevertheless, LaPierre pointed to three culprits: The late community organizer Saul Alinsky, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, and ISIS:
It’s in the Saul Alinksy strategy of sowing grievance and indignation to raise holy hell. It’s in the leftist radical plan to tax capitalism to collapse. And it’s in the Rahm Emanuel doctrine of ‘Never let a crisis go to waste.’ And it’s in the ISIS dream of a worldwide caliphate.
From there, LaPierre pivoted from the San Bernardino and Pulse nightclub shootings to the “left’s violence against America,” which he said included efforts to use the courts to try to block Trump’s travel ban. He was encouraged by Trump’s electoral victory, but he said America’s “long nightmare” could be just beginning. He warned that the “left-wing socialist brigade” and its bands of anarchists and Marxists was gathering and “willing to use violence against us.” He added, “And they’ve got money—billions—from Michael Bloomberg, George Soros, and a vast network of leftist organizations.”

What the future holds? Is the question that has been obsessing the human mind, ever since the dawn of wisdom awakened the mankind? As humans watched the day and night skies, they realized periods or cycles in which celestial or heavenly bodies made themselves appear in the sky. The basic of these was of course the sun, which appeared all day long and disappeared in night. Other planets followed their own courses, which were not so simple. Then there were groups of stars or constellations, which first appeared to the human eye as stationary. However, observations over a longer period made humans aware that these too have their own cycles of appearance and disappearance. It was natural for the early humans to interpret these celestial cycles as some form of divine communication that would affect not only personal behavior, but also affairs of community or states. From this basic idea, the subject of astrology developed subsequently. Until the 17th century, astrology was considered a scholarly tradition. It actually led to the development of astronomy as a science and also helped in other branches of science such as meteorology and medicine. Only by the end of the 17th century, astrology lost its academic standing and became regarded as a pseudoscience.
In the Indian context, we have a long tradition of astrologers or astronomers, who were also called mathematicians, because their work involved many new mathematical concepts. Some of these early mathematicians include Aryabhatta (आर्यभट्ट), Varahamihira (वराहमिहिर), Brahmagupta (ब्रम्हगुप्त), Bhattotpala (भट्टोत्पल) and Bhaskaracharya (भास्कराचार्य). Some of their works can be listed as Aryasiddhanta (आर्यसिद्धांत), Brahmasiddhanta (ब्रम्हसिद्धांत), Brhjjataka (बृहज्जातक), Brhatsamhita (बृहत्संहिता), and Lilavati (लीलावती). Besides these, another literary work stands out, because its author or the period, remains unknown. This work is known as Sooryasiddhanta (सूर्यसिद्धांत). The presently available transcript of this treatise is believed to be from the beginning of last millennium.
The basis of all astrological observations has always been the path followed by the Sun around the earth (called as ecliptic) on a background that is full of constellations and asterisms. (Asterisms are group of stars that appear to follow certain patterns, which our fertile minds have managed to associate with figures and outlines of living or non-living things that we see on earth). For convenience of observation and measurement, Sooryasiddhanta divides the Sun’s path or ecliptic around the earth or ecliptic in following fashion.
विकलानां कला षष्ठ्या तत्षष्ट्या भाग उच्यते
तत्त्रिंशता भवेद्राशिर्भगसो द्वादशैव ते II २८ II
तत्त्रिंशता भवेद्राशिर्भगसो द्वादशैव ते II २८ II
“Sixty seconds (vikala) make a minute (kala); sixty of these, a degree (bhaga); of thirty of the latter is composed a sign (rashi); twelve of these are a revolution (bhagana)”.
(Sooryasiddhanta 1. 28)
(Sooryasiddhanta 1. 28)
For Astrology purposes, each of the “Rashi” of thirty degrees is associated or belongs to an asterism that is seen in the background of that “Rashi”. These asterisms are known as the “Signs of the Zodiac”. (The zodiac is an area of the sky that extends approximately 8° to north or south of the ecliptic).
It may come as a surprise to many of us that this system of division of the ecliptic, or “Rashi” and the concept of association of prominent asterisms with a “Rashi” as a particular sign of Zodiac, is virtually identical in ancient Indian Astrology or “Jyotisha” as well as in western Astrology, which is based on ancient Greek Astrology. Some of the Astrologists believe that the “Rashi” concept was a purely Indian effort, copied first, by people of Middle East, from where it propagated to west. There is another school of thought, which believes that concept of “Rashi” originated in ancient Geece, from where it was picked up by Indians.
Be it as may be, there is hardly any point in entering the fray as neither it would lead anywhere nor would it win any argument, We shall therefore refrain from joining any argument and concentrate on the fact that concept of “Rashis” appears in ancient works of both Indian and Greek origin. We can therefore conclude that there must have been a common source or a person or a group of knowledgeable persons, who were familiar with literary works of both Indian and Greek Origin, and naturally were bilingual (proficient in Sanskrit and Greek).
As it turns out, we have a readymade source of information, in form of two books, originally written by famous Indian mathematician Varahamihira. (Sixth century CE), who seems to have a full knowledge of Yavan (Greek) astronomical terms and doctrines1. He even gives the Greek terms for the Sanskrit names for the signs of the Zodiac. Varahamihira, in his books, quotes from treatises written by many other learned men or Pundits. However, he does not reveal to us the sources of his knowledge of Greek doctrines or names. MM P.V.Kane2 gives two instances, where Varahamihira, in his treatise Brhtsamhita, has referred to word “Yavana”. MM P.V.Kane says. “The word Yavana appears to be used in two senses by Varahamihira. In verse 14 of chapter 2, this word means the Yavana people in general, but in some other places (such as verse 1 of chapter 11), this word means either Yavana authors or some one writer from among them”.
Bhattotpala or Bhatta-Utpala (भट्टोत्पल) was a 10th century astrologer-mathematician. According to Al-Biruni, he was a Pundit from Kashmir2, 3. He has written commentaries on Varahamihira’s two books Brhjjataka (बृहज्जातक) and Brhtsamhita (बृहत्संहिता). Bhattotpala, besides commenting on Varahamihira’s original text, also refers, like Varahamihira, to quotes from treatises written by other learned men or Pundits. His references to “Yavanas” (Greeks) appear to be more extensive. What is of special significance is that Bhattotpala mentions certain “Yavana” Pundits either by their titles or names such as “Yavanadhipati” (यवनाधिपति), “”Yavanedra” (यवनेंद्र), “Yavanacharya” (यवनाचार्य) and finally “Yavaneshvara” (यवनेश्वर).
According to MM P.V.Kane2, out of these names, “Yavanacharya” appears to have been an ancient Greek writer. Regarding the names “Yavanadhipati”, “Yavanedra” and “Yavaneshvara”, there is no clarity, whether Bhattotpala is referring to the same author called by him as “Yavanacharya” or these are different authors from differing centuries. In another literary work known as Saravali (सारावलि) by Kalyanavarma (कल्याणवर्मा), written in the intervening centuries between Varahamihira’s books and Bhattotpala’s commentary, we do find words like “Yavanaraja” (यवनराजा), Yavanavrddha” (यवनवृद्ध), “Yavananarendra” (यवनेंद्र). There is also a mention of the name “Purva Yavendras” (पूर्व यवनेंद्र) implying that its author knew ‘early and later’ Yavana writers on Astrology. Bhattotpala makes one interesting comment about “Yavaneshwara” though. He says, “Varaha refers to the views of an ancient Yavanacharya, but he (Bhattotpala) has not seen the work. He has only read the work of Yavaneshwara Sphujidhwaja (स्फुजिध्वज), who mentions the views of Yavana writers of a bygone age and this Sphujidhwaja flourished in an age that was later than the beginnings of Shaka-kala (CE78)”. The original Sanskrit comment is given below.
From this rather confusing state of things, we can make out two facts clearly.
1. Firstly, before the times of Varahamihira (6th century CE) there were several Greek or Yavan Astrologers known to Indians. They might have been based in India or Greece. One of them, commonly known as “Yavanacharya” or “Vrddhayavana” (वृद्धयवन), was rather well known.
2. In the intervening centuries between Varahamihira and Bhattotpala, another Greek Astrologist “Sphujidhwaja” became well known. It is not clear whether he was commonly referred to by names such as “Yavaneshwara”, “Yavanadhipati”, “Yavanendra” or “Yavanaraja” or these names were used for an earlier Greek writer, who was also a King.
According to Bhau Daji1, “Word Sphujidhvaja is a corruption of the Greek name Speusippus. Diogenes Laertius mentions two authors of this name, one of whom was a physician called Hcrophileus Alcxandrinus, and may, possibly, be the astronomer whose works were translated and studied in India”. However no other modern scholar seems to corroborate this view.
Matter would have rested here with “Yavanacharya” and “Yavaneshwara” both lost in sea of obscurity. However. In the summer of year 1897, an Indian scholar, Pundit HaraPrasad Shastry, Professor of Sanskrit, Presidency College Kolkata, briefly happened to see a palm leaf manuscript4 in the library of His Excellency, The Maharaja of Nepal. The manuscript examined by Pundit Shastry was a remarkable one as it was a complete copy of a book called “Yavan-Jataka”. Pundit Shastry made an effort to read the last verse of this manuscript, which said, “that in the year 91 of some (unspecified) era, Yavanesvara translated from his own language into Sanskrit prose, Horashastra and that in the year 191, king Sphujidhwaja rendered that shastra into four thousand Indravajra verses”7.
Mahamahopadhyay P.V.Kane managed in the year 1935, to get a transcript of the above mentioned manuscript from Nepal Darbar and translates5 the last paragraph as, “The seal of the sentences of the ocean of the knowledge of hora (astrology) was guarded by the veil of his own language and was seen in the year 91. Formerly, the Lord of Yavanas, being endowed with the vision of truth by the favour of the Sun, declared this shstra of the knowledge of hora (astrology) in unblemished sentences for enabling- the people to grasp it. There was a talented king named Sphujidhvaja, who turned this (shastra) into Indravajra verses, four thousand in number, in the year 191”7. One thing becomes very clear from both these translations. King Sphujidhwaja (he was probably a Greek king, as Bhau Daji says.) was not the original author of the book “yavana-Jataka” (Greek book of Astrology). He has merely converted it from original prose to verses. MM P.V. Kane also feels that King Sphujidhwaja was probably from Gupta era (3rd to 6th century CE).
Meanwhile, MM P.V.Kane had turned his attention to other available manuscripts of the Book “Yavan-Jataka” that were available to him. He found that they were different from the Nepal Manuscript and some of them differed among themselves. However he found that most of the manuscripts had names that implied that the book was actually called “Vrddha-Yavana-Jataka” written by one “Minaraja”. Regarding identification of this “Minaraja”, MM P.V.Kane says6, “The name Minaraja is not necessarily non-Indian but it is not possible to shut our eyes to the fact that Menander (165/155 –130 BCE), a Greeko-Bactrian king has been identified with Mililinda of the Buddhist work ' Questions of Milind'. Miariija may be a Sanskrit rendering of a foreign word like Menendra”.
Bhattotpala’s commentary on Varahamihira’s Brhjjataka contains twelve verses about the characteristics of the twelve rashis (signs of Zodiac), which he quotes as told by Yavanesvara. (Commentry on Brhjjataka verse 1.5). In Sphujidhwaja’s “Yavana-Jataka”5 the same twelve verses about the twelve rashis appear, following the first verse that is corrupt. The same twelve verses also occur in the “Vrrdha-Yavan-Jataka”6 composed by Yavanachrya Minaraja who is described as the overlord of Yavanas. These twelve versest about Rashis are given below in Appendix.
We can therefore infer from above.
1. A Greek king (most likely Menander) known by various names such as Yavanesvara or Yavanacharya authored a text in Greek language, probably around 140 BCE, about Greek system of Astrology. The book was known as “Yavana-Jataka” first and later as “Vrddha-Yavana-Jataka”. This inference finds support from another reference2 in Bhattotpala’s commentary on Brhjjataka. Here, he quotes from great Sage Badarayana (second century CE according to Marathi Vishva-Kosha of Late Shri Laxmanshastri Joshi) which mentions a certain “Yavanendra”. This would mean that the Greek king, who wrote a text about Greek system of Astrology actually preceded Sage Badarayana. This matches well with King Menander’s age.
2. Varaha-Mihira, Kalyan-Varma and many other authors referred to this treatise, while authoring their own works.
3. Sometime in Gupta era, another Greek Astrologist Sphujidhwaja (Greek name Speusippus) converted the original prose written in Greek language into 4000 verses and named it as “Yavana-Jataka”.
4. Bhattotpala(10th century CE), though he had no access to the original “Vrddha-Yavana-Jataka” , referred to Sphujidhwaja’s book in his commentary on Varahamihira’s books, Brhjjataka and Brihat-samhita.
1. Brief Notes on the Age and Authenticity of the Works of Aryabhata, Varahamihira, Brahmagupta, Bhattotpala, and Bhaskaracharya : By Bhau Dajee : The Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland, New Series,Vol. 1, No. 1/2 (1865), pp. 392-418
2. Varahamihira and Utpala : By P.V.Kane : Journal of Bombay Branch of Asiatic society, Vol 24-25, 1949, PP. 1-31
3. Sanskrit literature known to Al-Biruni : By Ajay Mitra Shastri :pp.130 : Indian Journal of History of Science Vol. 10
4. Notes on Palm-leaf MSS in the Library of His excellency The Maharaja of Nepal : By Pundit HaraPrasad Shastry : Journal of Asiatic Society of Bengal : Vol. 66 : 1897 : pp.310-316
5. The Yanavajataka of Sphujidhwaja : By. MM P.V. Kane: Journal of Bombay Branch of Asiatic society, Vol 30-2, 1955, PP. 1-5.
6. Yavaneshvara and Utpala : By MM P.V. Kane: Journal of Bombay Branch of Asiatic society, Vol 30-1, 1955, PP. 1-5.
7 Note: - Bill M. Mak of Kyoto University challenges this translation in his research paper “The Date and Nature of Sphujidhvaja’s Yavanajātaka Reconsidered in the Light of Some Newly Discovered Materials” published in 2013. He gives a new translation in which the numbers 91 and 191 are omitted.
15th March 2020

The voices of those who believed that the future lay in teaching
society how to make "every child a wanted child"
grew in both volume and intensity.
PPLM began as the Birth Control League of Massachusetts (BCLM) in a Joy Street, Boston residence in 1928. Encouraged by activist Margaret Sanger, a woman long committed to a national movement for family planning and the rights of women to control their reproductive lives, the number of active supporters soon swelled. The voices of those who believed that the future lay in teaching society how to make "every child a wanted child" grew in both volume and intensity. In 1932, the Massachusetts Mothers Health Council, the organization that would eventually become PPLM, opened its first clinic in Brookline and in five years, there were also clinics in Springfield, Worcester, Boston, New Bedford, Fitchburg and Salem. But by 1937, these seven busy clinics were closed and their staffs convicted of violating the law that prohibited selling or giving away contraceptives. No one then could have imagined how frequently this pattern of events, careening from success to defeat and back again, would repeat itself in the coming decades. Regardless, the cycle seemed then, as it has many times since, only to strengthen the movement's unflinching determination.
In a 1940 poll of Massachusetts citizens, 82% of the respondents supported contraception, though many incorrectly believed it was already legal. In 1942, a binding referendum giving birth control to married persons was placed on the ballot. Though the opposition maintained birth control was a "violation of God's law and should remain illegal," support came from physicians statewide and also from an educator named Helen Keller. But the referendum was defeated, 58-42%, as were its later attempts, again and again. For the next 29 years until 1966medical professionals in the state were forbidden from prescribing, recommending or providing contraceptives of any kind. Courageous private physicians often broke the law and discreetly provided birth control to those who had the means to afford it. But the discrepancy between affluent and poor women's ability to control their reproductive lives merely intensified the commitment of what was by 1945 called the Planned Parenthood League of Massachusetts. The distinct disadvantage of poor women was intolerable, and not easily remedied.
One desperate young Boston mother wrote:
"I am only 21. I was married at age 18 and started carrying my first child after only one period. I am expecting my third child the same month my oldest will be only three. My husband is making $14.00 a week. If you could only help me I would be eternally grateful. Heaven knows after this one I don't want to bring more helpless children into the world and not be able to provide for them right."
In the 1950s, PPLM sent those seeking birth control services to the Planned Parenthood clinic in Providence, Rhode Island, and paid that clinic, where contraception was legal, $3 per client. In fact, 40% of the Providence clinic clients were Massachusetts residents. Volunteers generously transported carloads of women to the neighboring state. It was neither the first, nor the last time volunteers would extend themselves on behalf of every woman's right to control her reproductive life.

Jiangmen MZY Cosmetics Co., Ltd. in 2012 officially stationed in the cosmetics industry!
At present the company a total area of more than 3000 square! Has a strong production team. The company uses the market high-quality production of raw materials and advanced machinery and equipment,The full implementation of modern 5S management! US Tzu Yen mainly produces a variety of specifications and various colors puff. Products are hydrophilic non-latex puff, gourd powder puff, water droplets puff, wet and dry natural puff, beauty egg emulsion three-dimensional, bevel puff, gourd puff, olive puff, written puff, shaped puff, air cushion puff, Beauty tools, natural latex powder puffs at the end of special shaped face wash flutter and so on.

Modern braces are an excellent and reliable solution to most spacing and alignment issues, and can greatly improve the appearance of crooked or overcrowded teeth. We are pleased to offer high-quality materials and techniques, including clear, lingual, self-ligating, and traditional braces, to transform your smile and your oral health.
Receiving braces means you will need to change the way you eat, brush your teeth, and even play sports. Proper care depends on the style of braces you receive, and personalized instructions for your clear, lingual, self-ligating, or traditional braces will be provided during appointments. Dr. Anisa Omar and our team can help you adapt to your new braces quickly and reduce the risk of breaking any wires or brackets. Below are some of our best tips for living with braces and enjoying the process as well!
Eat Softer Foods
When you first begin the process, it is normal for your teeth to feel a bit of soreness and discomfort for the first few days/week. Chewing the normal foods that you eat on a daily may feel a little bit more difficult than usual making it important to be conscious of what you are eating. Some foods and drink that are easy to consume during this time are eggs, smoothies, puddings, applesauce, and soups.
Relieving Initial Discomfort
You may feel some initial discomfort as your mouth adjusts to the braces. To reduce soreness, we recommend mixing a teaspoon of salt with eight ounces of warm water and swishing the solution around in your mouth. If the pain still does not subside, a warm washcloth and heating pad can help to temporarily relieve the soreness you are experiencing. For individuals that are not home or are very active, taking a non-aspirin pain reliever can help your mouth to feel normal again. Your teeth may also feel looser as they shift position, and this is perfectly normal. If you feel a loose band or wire, or if you lose a bracket, please come see our office for repairs.
Avoid Certain Foods
Living with braces means you will need to exercise caution when eating food. Please avoid any sticky, crunchy, or hard foods, as these can cause damage to your brackets and wires. Candies that are sticky or high in sugar like caramel, fudge, or gummy bears should also be avoided at all costs because they can pull brackets out of their location. Highly acidic foods should also be avoided due to their corrosive nature because they can cause the glue on your brackets to wear down, creating more issues along the way. The same goes for food you need to bite into, such as apples and corn on the cob. It is also wise to avoid having overly sweet drinks more than once per day as these will have the same effect that sugar has on your braces.
Properly Clean your Braces
It is important to be as gentle as possible when cleaning around your braces. The first and most important part of cleaning your braces is brushing them in the morning, evening, and after each meal. Using a soft bristled brush is a good decision because it helps to gently remove plaque from around each bracket while not disturbing the appliance.
Aside from brushing your teeth after each meal, the second most important thing to do is floss your teeth. This can be a more bothersome task to do with braces, but there are a few new solutions that can make this process easier. Using either a floss threader or a water flosser makes things much easier and significantly cuts down the time it takes to floss. The reason why flossing is so important is because it removes plaque from in between your teeth that simply brushing cannot remove.
Use Mouthwash and Fluoride Daily
During the beginning months of getting braces, it is common for a patient’s mouth to be more sensitive and inflamed due to the new appliances. A hydrogen peroxide mouth rinse can be very beneficial to patients because it reduces inflammation and promotes healing at a faster rate. It can also help prevent infections in the cuts that otherwise may form without hydrogen peroxide.
Using fluoride gels daily also helps to prevent tooth decay and replaces minerals in the tooth enamel. At the very end of your dental routine, you can apply the gel with your toothbrush. Leave the gel on for about one minute, spit it out, and avoid all food and liquid for 30 minutes to allow the active ingredient to work.
Regularly Check Your Wires and Brackets
Depending on the foods you eat on a regular basis, it is very easy to break a bracket or have a wire come loose. It is important to check your wires and brackets daily to prevent an injury. In the case that a wire is loose and happens to start cutting your mouth, you can use sterilized fingernail clippers to clip the affected area. If the wire is too small to trim or cut, you can try to push the wire in with either an eraser or cotton swab. During your initial appointment, your orthodontist may also give you oral wax that you can use to mend tiny poking wires.
Please wear all orthodontic appliances as directed, or else your teeth will not shift properly. If you happen to lose a piece of your appliance, call us as soon as possible to prevent any drastic changes in your orthodontic process. If you are involved in a sport, we advise you to wear a mouth guard to protect your braces and teeth from injury. Though braces may seem like a big change, proper care and thorough dental cleaning will ensure that the only big change is the appearance of your smile. The process of braces is temporary but your new smile will last forever! If you would like to know what to expect for life with braces in Chantilly, Virginia, you are welcome to call Omar Orthodontics at 703-249-6427 and arrange a FREE consultation with our Chantilly orthodontist.

LOS ANGELES — Xavier “X” Atencio, an animator behind early Disney movies including “Pinocchio” and “Fantasia” and “imagineer” behind beloved Disneyland rides like “Pirates of the Caribbean” and “The Haunted Mansion,” has died at age 98.
Disneyland spokeswoman Suzi Brown confirmed a company statement saying Atencio died Sunday. No cause or place of death were given, but Atencio lived and worked in the Los Angeles area most of his life.
Atencio’s drawings on “Pinocchio” helped give Disney its permanent identity in film and culture. His contributions to “Pirates” included the words to the “Yo Ho (A Pirate’s Life for Me)” song that is sung throughout the ride and by parkgoers for days after.
He was born Francis Xavier Atencio in Walsenburg, Colorado. But friends in his youth called him just “X,” the name he was known by the rest of his life.
He was still a teenager with a gift for drawing in 1938 when he began working for Disney, a company that was even younger than he was and had just one feature film, 1937’s “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,” to its name.
Atencio would see his work on the big screen in the company’s next two films in 1940, when he helped bring “Pinocchio” to life and worked on the musical and mystical “Fantasia” before leaving temporarily to serve in World War II.
After returning, he helped design stop-motion sequences for the Disney live action films “The Parent Trap” and “Mary Poppins.”
When the company’s work started including theme parks in the 1950s and 1960s, so did Atencio’s. At the request of Walt Disney, he became an imagineer in the company’s parlance, helping design rides for Disneyland and Disney World. He wrote the story and song that play out on “Pirates” and “Haunted Mansion.”
“X was an enormous talent who helped define so many of our best experiences around the world,” Bob Weis, president of Walt Disney Imagineering, said in a statement. “Some may not know that when he wrote the lyrics for ‘Yo Ho’ he had never actually written a song before. He simply proposed the idea of a tune for ‘Pirates of the Caribbean,’ and Walt told him to go and do it.”
Atencio retired in 1984, but he continued working as a consultant. In 1996, he was declared a Disney Legend by the company.
His death comes just weeks after that of another Disney Imagineering legend, Marty Sklar.
Atencio is survived by his wife, Maureen, three children, three stepchildren and nine grandchildren.

Beautifully maintained & ready for move in! This inviting home has many updates including wood flooring, remodeled kitchen w/quartz countertops, stone backsplash, stainless appliances. Vaulted two story family room has corner fpl., display built ins, & is opened to the kitchen & morning room all viewing the sparkling pool & sheer descent water features. Formal dining & study are adjacent & have crown molding & wood flooring. Private owner's retreat down also has wood flooring, French doors to patio, updated bath w/frameless shower, glass block privacy window, updated plumbing & cabinet hardware, dual vanities, & closets. Covered patio is poolside & offers a shady place to relax w/seating & cooking areas w/three ceiling fans. Second floor gameroom w/gambrel ceiling, 3 additional bedrooms, 2 baths. Owner's updates include 16 SEER HVAC, GAF UHD Timberline roof w/transferable warranty, gutter guard system, 50 gallon water heater, Hardie plank trim. Great parking plus detached 3 car garage.

AKL flat LADY BOSS pouch can be used for pretty much anything. This pouch makes excellent for the LADY BOSS on the go: Great for your all your networking events and/or conferences. Place your business cards , cell phone and cosmetic essentials They are constructed of a durable material with a zipper closure.
AKL More LADY BOSS Pouch Details:
100% Polyester | Flat corners with non-laminated lining
AKL LADY BOSS Accessory Pouch
ALL SALES FINAL...This item is custom made & all sales are final.
Copyright © 2018 by Kimberly Clark | Ask Kimberly Lifestyle | The Vision Within | NETwork-Networth ™
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher, addressed “Attention: Permissions Coordinator,” at the below contact.
Ask Kimberly Lifestyle | The Vision Within | NETwork-Networth ™
© 2018 Ask Kimberly Lifestyle, Kimberly Clark All Rights Reserved

The Department for Education have recently reinforced the need to:
‘create and enforce a clear and rigorous expectation on all schools to promote the fundamental British values of democracy, the rule of law, individual liberty and mutual respect and tolerance of those with different faiths and beliefs.’
The Government set out its definition of British values in the 2011 Prevent strategy, and these values have been reiterated in 2014. At Clifton Community School these values are reinforced regularly and in the following ways:
Pupils are listened to and taught to listen carefully to others. Pupils are taught to respect the rights of individuals and have their voices and opinions heard. They are taught to discuss issues in a balanced and calm way.
Each year the school reviews the school rules to ensure that they are still relevant.
The rule of law
The importance of laws, whether they be those that govern the class, the school or the country are consistently reinforced at Clifton.
Pupils are taught the value of the school rules. Pupils are taught the value and the reason behind the rules and the laws, that they govern and protect us, the responsibility this involves and the consequences when laws are broken. Visits from authorities such as local councillors, Police and the fire service help to reinforce this message.
At Clifton, children are actively encourage to make the right choices, knowing they are in a safe and supportive environment. Children are expected to take responsibility for their own actions and to understand the consequence their actions might have. We educate and provide boundaries for pupils to enable them to make informed choices, through a safe and supportive environment. The understanding of rights and responsibilities are promoted through acts of e-safety, PSHE.
Mutual respect is a core value at Clifton. Pupils learn that their behaviours have an effect on their own rights and those of others. All members of the school community treat each other with respect.
Tolerance of those of different faiths and beliefs
Clifton school is situated in an area that is culturally diverse. The school recognises its role in preparing pupils for life in modern Britain. We actively promote celebrations of different faiths and cultures. The religious education syllabus is the agreed Rotherham syllabus. Through Religious Education and personal & social education we reinforce messages of tolerance and respect.
Staff regularly review the curriculum to ensure that it promotes the areas above. It also ensures that pupils are taught about key events and figures in history. Events during the year celebrate culturally diverse occasions and memorable events taking place in the country.
At Clifton Community School we will actively challenge children, staff or parents who express opinions that are contrary to fundamental British values including extremists views.

Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases & more…
Celebrate your special newborn with our Take Me Home Bundle. Everything you need to take baby home, cozy and in the trendiest designs!
With our customizable options to change colors, fonts, and elements; the possibilities are endless. Create the perfect Audrey & Bear take me home bundle, simply add the bundle to your cart and a personal designer will reach out to you to bring your inspirations to life.
Car Seat Blanket Loops
Add loops to your Car Seat Blanket to keep it in place and prevent it from falling. The loops are easy to use and can loop around most 5 point harnesses on car seats and strollers.
**Car seat manufacturers’ warranties, limitations, and restrictions may vary, so we encourage you to contact your car seat’s manufacturer to see if any limitations may apply to the use of the car seat blanket with loops.
No Scratch Mittens - one size
1 Personalized Car seat blanket - 28 x 34
1 Personalized Car Seat Cover - One Size
1 Swaddle Blankets:
Available in 3 sizes:
1 Personalized Hat or Headband - Style & Size
Customize this design to create a one-of-a-kind keepsake that celebrates your unique story. Here’s how it works:
Once you’ve found the design you like, select “add customization” and proceed through checkout.
Within 72 hours of placing your order, an Audrey & Bear designer will be in touch via email from firstname.lastname@example.org
Collaborate with your designer to change the fonts and colors of the design until it’s absolutely perfect!
Once you approve the digital proof of your final design, your order will go into production.
It typically takes 2-3 weeks from design approval to ship your custom creation.

During the late 20th century, Nintendo launched websites to promote games and hardware. At the time of writing, some of those websites are still live, providing an opportunity to visit the internet of yesteryear.
The earliest sites date from the early 1990s during the Super Famicom era. It’s amazing that these websites are still live. They provide a look at just how far web design has come in the past two decades.
The Super Famicom sites simply mention the genre and release date, plus include a basic description and some thumbnail screenshots.
The Japanese Nintendo 64 website is still live, with pages explaining the N64 controller, different hardware variations, and game lineup.
In case you wondered how the Nintendo 64’s “new controller” worked.
Each game has its own page, too.
Don’t these “scenes” make you want to play Super Mario 64?
Unlike the early 1990s sites, these later websites introduced separate pages for story, characters, and gameplay as well as stages and in-game items.
It’s amazing what you can find. Did you know there was a Banjoo-Kazooie-emblazoned bullet train in 1998? I did not!
The Yoshi’s Story website sure is lacking, but the Perfect Dark one still looks cool, even today.
I hope Nintendo leaves these sites up forever.
This article was originally published on September 5, 2017. It has since been updated and expanded.

Bowling Green has been selected to receive a $245,000 grant to upgrade the city’s 911 system.
Bowling Green city commissioners voted in May to apply for the grant from the Kentucky 911 Services Board to upgrade the 911 system at the police department to a next-generation internet protocol-based system that, when fully operational, will allow the public to relay digital information to emergency responders.
The plan also includes installing an AT&T call-handling platform with two geographically diverse host installation locations, one in Madisonville and the other in Pikeville, so that either location can handle the call volume and digital traffic if the other location goes dark.
“The City of Bowling Green is pleased to be selected as a recipient for a grant to assist in upgrading our 911 call center’s capabilities,” Mayor Bruce Wilkerson said in an email. “The Bowling Green Police Department has always tried to maintain the best system it could to serve the citizens of our community and this $245,000 grant will help in that effort.”
A timetable has not been established for the upgrades.
“We are attempting to develop a timeframe for each stage of the project,” BGPD spokesman Officer Ronnie Ward said. “Future technology will allow people to send photos, videos and texts to 911. The ability to communicate in various ways could help someone who may not be able to verbally communicate at all.”
Gov. Matt Bevin said in a May news release that it is important for Kentucky’s 911 call centers to implement next-generation digital technology. Bevin issued an executive order May 17 reorganizing the Kentucky 911 Services Board. His order makes note of only two public safety answering points, more commonly referred to as 911 call centers, in Kentucky that actively used text-to-911 as of the end of fiscal year 2016.
The total projected cost of the upgrades to the system at BGPD is anticipated to be $420,000, according to a memo from grants coordinator Nick Cook to City Manager Kevin DeFebbo. With $245,000 in grant funding, the remainder of the balance, $175,000, will come from the police department budget.
“The Bowling Green Police Department’s 911 center is the public safety answering point for virtually all Warren County 911 calls,” BGPD Chief Doug Hawkins said in a written statement Tuesday. “Like most technology-based equipment, 911 phone systems continue to benefit from improving technology and improving functionality.
“This upgrade will allow us to incorporate the newest and most reliable 911 phone technology into our 911 center to allow us to best serve our community,” he said.
Hawkins thanked Bevin, the Kentucky Office of Homeland Security and the Kentucky 911 Services Board for providing the grant funding.
“Bowling Green residents rely on an effective response system in times of emergencies,” Rep. Jim DeCesare, R-Bowling Green, said in a news release from the House Republican Caucus. “To keep our systems current, we must always be updating them to meet to latest technology standards and in turn keep our residents safe. I commend everybody involved to securing this important funding to update one of the most important systems in our communities.”
In total, $3.6 million in grant funding was dispersed statewide for 911 call center projects.
“This upgrade will have widespread impact on the emergency responder services for all of Warren County,” Rep. Michael Meredith, R-Oakland, said in the caucus release. “It’s vital we have the best 911 infrastructure possible, and we must have funding to ensure that happens, especially in today’s environment of constant advancement.”
– Follow Assistant City Editor Deborah Highland on Twitter @BGDNCrimebeat or visit bgdailynews.com.

With my new learning, I’ve been able to breathe new life into old photos. Over the past several years, I took numerous sets of photos that I intended to turn into panoramas and HDRs, but then I could never get them to look right. With newfound skills come newfound confidence. Check out these beautiful images!
American Southwest near Moab, Utah at sunset. Assembled from 40 24-megapixel images captured with a Sony Alpha 100. When it was assembling, it tied up over 100 gigs of space. This version is 1500×557 pixels; the full size is 19,000 x 7,000!
Detail from above photo, center-left at horizon.
Mount Saint Helen’s in Washington state. Assembled from 6 24-megapixel images from a Sony Alpha 100.
Detail from above photo, center left.
Waterfall in Central Virginia along the Blue Ridge Parkway. High dynamic range image assembled from five slow-exposures. Smart sharpen and high pass filters to add sharpness and clarity.
Rainforest in Olympic National Park. Before assembly, I reduced noise and applied lens corrections. High dynamic range image assembled from five exposures. Smart sharpen and high pass filters to add sharpness and clarity.

The WaterHub is an on-site water recycling system on the Emory campus that uses eco-engineering processes to clean wastewater for future nonpotable use. It is the first system of its kind to be installed in the United States. Emory’s WaterHub is capable of recycling up to 400,000 gallons per day—nearly 40% of the campus’ total water needs.
Wastewater cleaned by the WaterHub is used as process make-up water in Emory’s steam and chiller plants and for toilet flushing in select residence halls. The reduces Emory’s draw of water from Atlanta’s municipal water supply by up to 146 million gallons annually. The WaterHub includes a 50,000-gallon emergency water reserve that allows Emory’s heating and cooling systems to function for an average of seven hours in the event of any disruption in water availability, depending on seasonal operating demands.
The WaterHub was made possible by an innovative water purchase agreement between Emory University and Sustainable Water, a water reclamation technology provider. The WaterHub creates lower-cost water at a long-term stable rate and is expected to save millions of dollars in water utility costs to Emory over a 20-year period. The WaterHub aligns with the university's vision of a sustainable campus and reduces the overall water demand on one of the smallest municipal watersheds in the United States.

There are many reasons I started a blog. Not one of them was because I completely loved the idea of writing a blog. But I do have some good reasons or I wouldn’t be here.
Now that I am here and have been for over a year (What? You have?) and can actually write reasonably well (What? You can?), I realize I’ve done something wrong by being me. Not that I have any plans to change me. I don’t. And I have no desire to be the next big thing or a “Top 10” this or a “Best Of” that. I don’t.
So, high school. Right. When I was ten twenty years younger, I found myself in a similar situation. Without the hashtags. I had a little in common with the popular kids and the nerds and the trouble-makers (or whatever you called them at your school) but I didn’t fit neatly into any of those groups. I was kind of like all the Breakfast Club kids rolled into one. (Except the athlete—I won’t even pretend.)
I fit in a bit with some online groups but not fully with any specific group. I’m floundering and writing and sharing and commenting but it’s not enough. My writing is not enough. My observations, experiences, and opinions—they are not enough. I am not enough.
It was a risk, I knew that going in, to write with my true voice. There was nowhere for me to connect. But I wasn’t going to silence myself for the online world. So I took the risk.
Time is precious and, although we all have the same number of hours in each day (unless you have a Time-Turner and, oh, please share!), our time is used for different things and in different ways. I understand that. Why waste it on something that doesn’t interest you? I really understand that.
So, here I am. A girl. Standing in front of a screen, tapping on my keyboard. I’ve been writing since I could hold a pencil and will write until I die. With or without a clique. Just like high school, I’ll survive.

Pringles Salted Caramel
Pringles Salted Caramel joins White Chocolate, Pecan Pie and Milk Chocolate as Pringles seasonal flavors
December 28, 2015
Caramel aficionados will enjoy the smoothness of Pringles Salted Caramel, a new holiday flavor from the Kellogg Co. brand that blends salt with sweet, buttery caramel. It joins White Chocolate, Pecan Pie and Milk Chocolate, three other Pringles seasonal flavors available through the holidays.

Cathy Garcia-Molina Has Confirmed She's Working on a John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo Movie
Are you freaking out because we're definitely freaking out.
(SPOT.ph) Will the John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo tandem ever lose their magical kilig powers? When hell freezes over, maybe. And when you add blockbuster-after-blockbuster director Cathy Garcia-Molina into the mix, you just know you're in for something special. The director revealed her current lineup of movies in an October 9 livestream with NICKL Entertainment—and guess what, she is in talks for a much-awaited Cruz and Alonzo film!
After being asked by a commenter whether she has any movies currently in the works, Garcia-Molina replied with an exciting list. There's one with Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla, Liza Soberano and Enrique Gil, one with Vice Ganda, one with Alden Richards (who might just be paired up with Alonzo, too!), and, of course, "May John Lloyd-Bea."
At this point, though, the director clarified that these films are just in the development stage. "Tatlo na ang dumaan sa akin na puro meeting. Hindi po natutuloy-tuloy," she first stated. Garcia-Molina was quiet on which films exactly but fingers-crossed the Cruz-Alonzo reunion is part of the three currently in talks.
With the huge films now on her plate, the director explained that we may have to wait a while for production to start. "Marami kaso hindi natutuloy sa maraming dahilan." Health restrictions barred entertainment productions of any sort during the height of the quarantine. "Ang lola niyo takot lumabas," cheekily added the director, adding her concern for her two teenage children studying at home.
Garcia-Molina was at the helm of One More Chance (2007), the film that starred Cruz and Alonzo as Popoy and Basha—and cemented them as an unbeatable love team in pop culture. They followed it up with a sequel in 2015 entitled A Second Chance, which has also been a pop culture goldmine for quotes and lots of hugot. Now what are the chances this current project could complete the trilogy we have all been waiting for (with whispers about it starting way back in 2015)?
The director had everyone fearing for their quality drama content in 2018 when she announced her decision to retire from the film industry. But then Garcia-Molina blessed us all with Hello, Love, Goodbye—starring Bernardo and Richards—the following year. All the titles under her belt definitely has us wondering what she and the Cruz-Alonzo love team will serve up next!
Main image from Star Cinema / One More Chance

Man charged after crime spree
A 26-year-old man has been charged after he allegedly went on a crime spree through Perth’s northern suburbs yesterday.
The man is alleged to have attempted to steal some items from a supermarket on Colstoun Road about 10.30am.
A staff member was approached by a man who pulled out a knife and threatened them with it before walking from the store.
About 11am the same man approached an 19-year-old man on Reid Street in Bassendean and again threatened him with a knife.
The offender demanded money and was given a small amount of cash.
At about 7pm, the same man was reported to be damaging the windows of a home on Claughton Way in Bassendean.
A 26-year-old man was arrested at the scene and charged with armed robbery, stealing and criminal damage and will appear in the Perth Magistrate's Court today.
Meanwhile a 16-year-old Banksia Grove boy will appear in the Children’s Court today charged with armed robbery.
Police will allege the youth and a friend approached four men who were walking along Grand Boulevard in Joondalup about 10pm last night.
The 16-year-old threatened one of the men with a knife and demanded he hand over his phone and wallet.
He was given a small amount of money before he fled to Joondalup Station.
Police and transit guards arrested the youth a short time later.
Get the latest news from thewest.com.au in your inbox.
Sign up for our emails

*** TEMPORARILY SUSPENDED DUE TO COVID-19 *** store and offices are closed, online mail order shopping still available
FREE factory tours are normally conducted Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m with some restrictions --> Minimum 4 Adults Required Per Tour & children under 16 yrs. must be accompanied by an adult. Tours may be cancelled without notice due to unforeseen circumstances.
Drop-ins welcome, there are no set schedules for the free tours, if you have a min 4 adult group inquire with a store clerk about getting a tour.
The free factory tour takes approximately 15 - 20 minutes with a maximum of 12 people per tour group to ensure each tour member can see and hear with reasonable comfort.
BUS TOURS: Extra tour times and guides can usually be added to accommodate large specialty groups or bus tour schedules but appointments recommended.
Our ideal location in seaside downtown Pictou, only minutes away from the ferry to Prince Edward Island, 15 minutes from New Glasgow and across the street from the deCoste Entertainment Center and the Ship Hector TallShip Heritage Quay Tour, makes our unique Grohmann Knives free tour a popular attraction when visiting Pictou County in beautiful Nova Scotia.

With our in depth knowledge in the respective domain, we are engaged in offering a superior range of Machine Curly Weft Hair. The offered range is processed using sophisticated technology and premium quality inputs sourced naturally. Widely appreciated for its features, such as natural look, tangle-free structure and long lasting shine, the offered Machine Curly Weft Hair is also in great demand due to its cost-effectiveness. Moreover, this range is available in different lengths, sizes and patterns.
- Paypal, Western Union, Telegraphic Transfer (T/T), Cash in Advance (CID), Cash Advance (CA)
- 500 Per Month
- 1 Week
- Western Europe, Eastern Europe, South America, North America, Central America, Australia, Asia
No-9, Adham Nagar, 1st Street, Nagalkeni, Chromepet Chennai Tamil Nadu India +918037301833

Yes, 64 cells in series, like in "sixty four".Did you mean 64 cells? What is the voltage of one cell?
There are actually a couple I know of off the top of my head:Any commercially available chargers/balancers don't support anywhere near that amount, what solutions are commonly used for this by DIY battery builders here?
That will be only 3Ah (3 times 18650 1Ah parallel). Or maybe 4.I need to know the size of your cells to make useful advice.
They will self balance within that cell group of parallel cells. You still need to balance the pack. You might have one group at 3.1V and another at 3.3V. They all need to start at the same voltage.In parallel I don't need any balancing, they will self-balance, yes?
Yes, 64S3P. Cells are A123 (cheap B-grade) of course (why does anyone buy anything else?), and each can be charged at 5A, so three in parallel makes 15A.So you got a 64S 3P out of 18650 cells, correct?
I think (no experience) it could be a little tricky to wire them up to a balancing system and let every connection be in place for a long time ... I will follow your thread to see it
What kind of cells did you chosen? The NCR-18650A for example should be chargeed at 885mA, so three parallel would be 2,66A, not 4Amps ...
I'm doing the same thing with ~96 Syncor modules, they were under $5 each NOS from ebay. Unfortunatially the seller has now sold out of them but the model # is PQ48033QGA25NKS they turn up once in awhile as surplus.Can you provide a link or part number to the DC-DC converters you use? And how much they did cost you per piece?
Yes, 64S3P. Cells are A123 (cheap B-grade) of course (why does anyone buy anything else?), and each can be charged at 5A, so three in parallel makes 15A.
I am seriously thinking that instead of buying an expensive charger and complicated balancer, to hook up 64 different DC-DC converters - one for each group of 3 parallel cells. Like the guy here does: http://electricporsche.rwaudio.com/2010/11/electric-porsche-charger-design/
Do you think that's a good idea in my situation?
Wait, do you mean that this: http://www.tppacks.com/proddetail.asp?prod=Battery-Pack-Kit is not a good method to making an A123 pack?The MAIN reason people don't use A123, is they're expensive for a large pack with any sort of real range, and a REAL PAIN IN THE ASS to put a pack together. You cannot compress the ends, because it interferes with the pressure seal.

Since mid-summer 2001, wireless network security has been a hot topic. The fact that most wireless networks are not secured has been reported, discussed, lectured on, and more. About the only way you could have avoided this is if you were completely removed from every form of paper and electronic media.
However, all this media hype has not had the desired effect! Believe it or not, an estimated 60%70% of all wireless networks in existence are still NOT using even the most basic of protections. As a result, any hacker can drive around the block and probably find an open and hackable wireless network. This is problem number one.
Problem number two is a bit more technical, and will be the main subject for this article. This problem concerns the weaknesses surrounding WEP. The Wired Equivalent Privacy protocol defines how a wireless network is secured. In short, it determines what encryption and authentication method is used to secure wireless data. The problem with WEP is in the way the data is encrypted. As discovered by three researchers, WEP can be cracked by anyone with a sniffer, which is the name given to the hardware device or software that can capture data as it flies through the air. This basically means that all those companies that think they are securely using their wireless network are doing so under false pretenses. This article deals with this issue, and explains just what cracking WEP means. I will show you just how hackers will attack you and take advantage of this weakness to capture your secret key right out of the air, which they can then use to connect to your secure wireless network.
Home Wireless Local Area Network Users
Before delving into the details of WEP, it must be understood that there are two main categories of WEP users. Many home users don't bother setting up WEP because they considered it a waste of time since WEP is crackable, or because they find it too complicated. If you are the latter, find someone who knows how to enable WEP, and offer them dinner. Regardless of the issues surrounding WEP, it should be understood that cracking WEP is not as easy as everyone makes it sound. Although cracking WEP is possible on the typical home-owned WLAN, it would take two to four weeks to capture enough data to successfully extract the key. In other words, by simply enabling WEP and changing the secret key periodically, you can be fairly certain that your WLAN will not be hijacked by a hacker. That said, let's take a look at how cracking WEP appears from a hackers point of view.

Who We Are:
Excellence Community Schools (ECS) is an emerging Charter Management Organization (CMO) supporting schools in the Bronx, NY and Stamford, CT. Our programs are based on a proven, nationally recognized model, which originated in our flagship school, the Bronx Charter School for Excellence, a 2012 National Blue Ribbon School.
Our Mission and Vision:
Our schools prepare young scholars to compete for admission to and succeed in top public, private, and parochial high schools by cultivating their intellectual, artistic, social, emotional, and ethical development. We accomplish this by offering a challenging and rigorous academic curriculum, which at the earliest of grades has an eye towards college preparation. To achieve this, our schools create a supportive and caring environment that at all times has high expectations of all students. We offer a differentiated, project-based learning environment that seeks to develop high-level analytic and critical thinking skills in all of our students. Our engaging and rigorous approach to educating our scholars is implemented by a collaborative team of teachers.
Who We Need:
We are seeking individuals who are dedicated, ambitious, and committed to student success and education reform. This position is ideal for candidates that wish to fully pursue a credentialed lead teaching position. Becoming an educational associate serves as an internship for candidates who wish to develop their expertise through observation and experience in preparation for a meaningful and successful teaching career. This individual must be committed to excellence, lead by example, and see collaboration as a key component of success.
- Plans and teaches with grade level team to implement best practices for the success of all learners within the classroom.
- Plans purposefully in order to provide students with opportunities for constructing meaning and developing understanding of new concepts.
- Utilizes developmentally appropriate and rigorous curricula and instructional materials that are tightly aligned to benchmarks and the Common Core standards.
- Presents students with new ideas and concepts through a variety of strategies, and inspires and guides them to explore, express and uncover new ideas of their own.
- Administers, collects, and analyzes both qualitative and quantitative data gathered from a variety of assessments on each student.
- Builds relationships with his or her students’ families through regular communication about students’ progress and provides ways in which families can support their children’s learning.
- Participates in school-wide student assessments in order to diagnose students’ needs.
- Supervises lunch and/ or recess.
- Provides coverage for classroom teachers.
- Provides other support as needed by the school community.
- Performs other duties as assigned.
- Bachelor’s Degree required.
- Master’s Degree preferred.
- Desire to develop their expertise in the classroom in preparation for a lead teacher position.
- Pursuing pathway to teaching certification.
Note: Candidates who do not meet the above requirements will not be considered.
Compensation & Benefits:
- Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications.
- Health, dental, vision benefits, & 403b Retirement Plan available.
- Performance-based compensation for staff.

Good news for Canadian business owners who happen to be women—a new initiative has pledged $3 billion towards women-owned businesses.
Dubbed “The Scotiabank Women Initiative,” it was announced today, at the Un-Mentorship Boot Camp for women entrepreneurs which took place in Toronto, that the initiative will provide up to $3 billion in funding to women-led businesses across Canada over its first three years.
“We are committed to strengthening equality for women-led businesses and that includes providing equal access to capital and to our full suite of financing solutions,” Gillian Riley, president, and CEO of Tangerine, and executive sponsor of The Scotiabank Women Initiative, said in a news release.
“We use a holistic and grassroots approach that provides tangible benefits to help women grow and sustain their business. In addition to providing access to capital, our program also offers mentorship from Scotiabank executives on our Advisory Board and education tailored to the needs of women entrepreneurs—both through an online self-directed knowledge centre and in-person sessions,” Riley added.
- Many businesses sourcing product domestically due to pandemic
- Amazon becoming popular shopping choice for Canadians this holiday season
- Burlington grant program will help 59 businesses
The Un-Mentorship Boot Camps—which are half-day conferences that promote networking and exploring business challenges together—have been a huge part of the Initiative’s education component, and, since the first one in May, 600 women business leaders have participated in boot camps and mini sessions across the country.
“Our boot camps help to ‘un-teach’ those traditionally-held ideas about how women can succeed,” said Riley. “They’re a place where women entrepreneurs come to learn about business-focused issues and topics, hear about real business challenges women face, and network and build skills to move their business forward.”
“We, at Scotiabank, are focused on our clients’ future success and we aspire to be the lender of choice for women-led businesses by 2021,” she added.

Check out our Top Rewards Cards to boost your points earning and travel more!
The plan was to wander as whim took us, though São Francisco Church and Convent of Salvador was a must-see. Indeed it is one of most varied and interesting churches I have visited.
The district is above-average colonial old town, though very touristy and noisy. There are lots of street performers and vendors. The restaurants, in particular, had no allure. We were glad to be staying elsewhere.

Please check our staff if necessary
Made4Baby Botty Barrier Creme contains a combination of zinc and castor oil for protection and rosehip, avocado and aloe vera for healing. Used regularly, Botty Barrier Creme helps to prevents nappy rash and also works wonders on all of those mysterious dry patches of skin.
Suitable for eczema and sensitive skin.
No harsh detergents
No artificial colours or fragrances
- Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil
- Prunus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil
- Cera Alba (Beeswax)
- Zinc Oxide
- Rosa Canina (Rosehip) Seed Oil
- Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil
- Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe Vera) Extract
- Tocopheryl Acetate (Vitamin E)
|Country of Origin||New Zealand|
- Availability: Available
- Model: MBCREMEFF150

You’ll be pleased to know our parish magazine is back in print. As a free gift, anyone can access the first few pages of the magazine here.
The September edition of the Parish Magazine is now available here online.
The August edition of the Parish Magazine is now available here online.
The July edition of the Messenger is now available here online.
June’s Messenger is ready to read here online.
Our parish magazine is available to read, and like last month, anyone can view it here. We hope that next month we might be back to a printed version.
There aren’t many reasons why our parish magazine would not be printed and distributed, but the current pandemic crisis has meant we have to distribute this month’s edition electronically.

truline post driver
- Win 2000/XP/Vista/7/8
- Latest version:
- 9.20 9/12/13
- Last month's downloads:
- 67 MB
- Publisher: :
asus usb mir driver
cdl charlotte driver needed
conexant hdaudio softv92 modem driver
high speed usb driver windows
dell inspiron 1150 drivers xp
etherlink vista driver
User reviews truline post driver
great anti-virus software, only downside is that recent versions have made my system slow down considerably. i installed mse as a comparison, and the difference in performance greatly favoured mse. kav seems to keep scanning the same core files over and over again even though it has settings to not do this.
in short, this works when other recovery apps throw in the towel.in fact, i've never had this tool fail to recover files for me.
this is a preview release. installs just fine but when i launch it my screen goes black for a second and then the display gets totally corrupted and garbled to the point that i have to shut down via the power button. fail. went back to 6.2.2, no problems.
this is easy to use and works fine.
i don't like this player either, as many of the posters here. one thing, though, needs to be said: it's the only player that actually allows the user to scrub the timeline (backward or foreward) with mostly all major file formats. for people who work in video / graphics field that's a crucial feature. if only pot player or any other good player out there would have the same smoothness when it comes to scrub the time line as qt does, i would not install it anymore.
oops. 3.0.9's out. time to recommend getting the last free version again. *8-)
this is not a ,exe i coped this from mozilla site this is how to install xpi file...how to install in thunderbirddownload and save the file to your hard disk.in mozilla thunderbird, open add-ons from the tools menu.from the options button next to the add-on search field, select "install add-on from file..." and locate the downloaded add-on.
where can i find a list of what's in it?is there optional install for different codecs?can i install the 32-bit and the 64-bit packs? should i?
anyone got any ideas as to why 3.6.3 will not open on vista home premium x32? even 3.5.9 won't open either.
Discover alternatives to and add-ons for truline post driver
Alternatives to truline post driver
drivers for rtl8168|
Size: 36 MB; Downloads: 3,405
generic ethernet drivers for xp
Size: 11 MB; Downloads: 5,354
drivermanager java api
Size: 56 MB; Downloads: 1,646
Addons for truline post driver
- truline post driver doesn’t have any addons yet. Would you recommend any to us?
Searches truline post driver
Google Search is the most-used search engine on the World Wide Web, receiving several hundred million queries each day through its various services.google.com
The search engine that helps you find exactly what you're looking for. Find the most relevant information, video, images, and answers from all across the Web.www.yahoo.com
Other languages truline post driver
- truline post driver in Spanish
- truline post driver in Chinese
- truline post driver in German
- truline post driver in Italian
- truline post driver in Polish
- truline post driver in Turkish
- truline post driver in Arabic
- truline post driver in Brazilian
- truline post driver in French
- truline post driver in Portuguese

I have spent six hours this morning in virtual conferencing with experts from The Harvard Psychopharmacology Master Class. I have fourteen hours to go this weekend. Usually the conference is held in the grand ballroom of the Fairmont Copley in Boston but this year I am in striped socks, hoody, a warm hat, lying on my toile fainting couch with no lines for the bathroom and no fancy lunch. I am writing from my own understanding of today’s information, and my decades of experience with these issues, not the interpretation of the presenters. No one mentioned our administration, no politics. Just to be clear on that.
As I followed along on my screen today I correlated much of what I was hearing to the environment of our present world, considering how I can apply this research to examine how we move beyond all this intact. Or can we?
Dr. Charles Nemeroff, researcher, professor and consultant states in his presentation–“Interface of Medical and Psychiatric Disorders”: “Covid 19 is associated with a cytokine storm (cytokine is a category of peptide proteins associated with inflamation). There will be consequences.”As he continues it becomes apparent that he may not just be speaking to the immediate Corona illness, but to the interconnectedness of systems which we can extrapolate far beyond our own bodies. That is why I think of our survival and the Trump administration and its dangerous effect on that survival.
So these are nuggets from the research presented today about mental and physical health. I will simplify so we can make own extrapolations to why these dangerous times are are deeply exaggerated by our present administration, and administration that promotes hate and greed when simple kindness would go far to ameliorate the physiological responses I am about to describe. When action based on fact and not opinion would go far to ameliorate the world’s stress.
I cannot replicate any of the slides without permission so you will just have to take my word for it.
- Our mesolimbic reward circuitry is affected by stress. The limbic system is the walnut sized structure right behind our nose. It is considered the seat of emotional memory and houses the little light switch we call the amygdala, a peanut-sized structure which can modulate the experience of traumatic events. The mesolimbic dopamine system is the normal pathway for feeling good, but its circuitry is supremely sensitive to alterations brought on by trauma and stress. Poetic words such as “cascades” and “first and second messengers” and “de-arborization” and “connectomes” explain the transmission of chemicals–among them neurotransmitters and neurohormones– and also explain the new study of epigenetics. Basically “epigenetics” describes when events can actually influence gene expression (not sequencing) that leads to dysfunction of brain cells and their circuitry. This is DNA stuff.
- Alterations in circuitry affect neurotransmitters and hormones. Peptides which affect oxytocin and vasopressin (the attachment chemicals) can also be impaired. Receptors for these are present in the amygdala and affect bonding–between parents and children, between adults. Disruption changes this. Mammals lacking these peptides are at risk of
attachment disorders as the presence in one mammal stimulates the system in another mammal. Think, “milk let down” in new mothers. Think, children in cages.
- Both physiological and psychological damage to these systems have long term implications that travel through generations. Through generations.
- The research shows inarguable effects on cancer and depression, as well as other psychiatric disorders. This is the schema:
- Increased environmental stress and/ or Adverse Childhood Events increase the inflammatory process (increases in cytokines and other stress chemicals) with increased risk of depression/heart disease/cancer.
- There is a proven bidirectional relationship between depression and medical illness. Autoimmune illness is also correlated with these events. Social connectedness has been proven to improve outcomes. I might suggest that concerns for one’s medical treatment and how to pay for pre-existing conditions might influence one’s mood state. The research shows an increase in suicide among certain demographics receiving diagnoses of certain illness.
- PTSD goes without saying. And this may also have a bi-directional schema. One must have been exposed to the stressor, and we now know there is a scientific basis for both developing or mediating the disorder. Understanding and providing support to the specific populations most deeply affected by violence and trauma would go far in healing the world. Homophobia, misogyny, racism, bullying, antisemitism, xenophobia has no place in the world we need to develop. (I am editorializing a tad here but the statistics don’t lie.)
- Most of the conference is about treatment, specifically medications, and other options. A couple items of interest: The odds of developing a psychotic disorder with high dose daily cannabis use is 3-4X greater. Use of cannabis in adolescence and pregnancy-a big NO. CBD has anectdotal therapeutic implications but metananlysis suggests data inadequate to recommend clinical use. I don’t even want to discuss ketamine. And what does this have to do with Trump? I don’t have the research on that, just opinions. But tomorrow’s another day.

As part of Artemisa Operation, and with the aim of preserving the water supply source of three municipalities in the department, soldiers and the community planted trees.
The Sixth Division of the National Army through the General Liborio Mejia Military Engineers Battalion No.12 of the Twelfth Brigade, and the Caquetá provincial Government’s program Fe en Colombia, planted 8,000 charcoal seedlings on the brooks of three water sources that flow into the Orteguaza river in the rural area of La Montañita, in the north of the department of Caquetá.
This activity, in which peasants of the sector were linked, was carried out during four environmental activities on an eight-hectare land in Las Margaritas.
This massive planting had this sector as its epicenter, since its strategic location to conserve the flow of the Orteguaza River, which is the source of water for the municipalities of La Montañita, Puerto Milán and Solano in Caquetá.
Seeds were produced in its nursery and donated by the Caquetá Government’s and the General Liborio Mejia Military Engineers Battalion No.12.
All these reforestation actions are guided by the guidelines of the National Government's Defense and Security Policy, which promotes the protection of the environment and biodiversity.
Source: press- Command of Comprehensive action and Development-CAAID

We work with a number of specialist contractors enabling us to work with you from the commencement of a project and striving to find solutions to any constraints. All sub-contractors are assessed, qualified, competent and experienced in order to provide a seamless service including:
Mechanical clearance - utilising Forestry Mulchers
Tree and shrub clearance - utilising Tree Shears
Full tree surgery service including tree surveys.
Temporary roads / trackways

Sonic Acts Summer Sale! Sale Ends 1 July
Summer is upon us, and what better way to spend it than to delve into one of our many publications. For that reason, we're offering various discounts at the Sonic Acts webshop, including great discounts on Travelling Time and The Dark Universe (€5 each instead of €17,50). Take advantage of our package deal on publications: Travelling Time + The Dark Universe + Sonic Acts Academy Vol. 1 (€12,50). You can also cool off in the warm weather with one of our many Sonic Acts t-shirts (€7,50 instead of €15). Go to www.sonicacts.com/sashop and get a free bag with every purchase!

Long time since cutie had her pussy fucked in such eager
XXX Videos tranny cutie bends down to get nailed Porn Films and Enjoy. Susan Crain Bakos is the author of twelve books, including edition by Susan Crain Bakos. Passionate cutie can039t imagine sinful life out of hardcore. Room, Emma, the whole country would be walking around naked under their raincoats. Dont miss to watch this hardcore shemale Couple shows how they suck Tranny Couple Porn and Tranny Couple Tube.
Watch hot red cutie gangbanged hardcore in the amazing porn scene XXX Videos hot red cutie gangbanged hardcore COM SCENE free xxx video porn film Hot movie best split scenes. Gay porn video of adult sexy teacher vs small boy So he dropped his. Nude cutie with amazing wazoo enjoys serious hardcore fuck.
Watch EroticMuscleVideos Ashlee Chambers and BrandiMae Fuck Hard on Pornhub. See free 15 pics of Busty Thai Cutie Gets Naked at Sensual Girls. You just must to see eye-opening full length Hardcore XXX Free Movies.
Police are hunting for the unidentified thug, who left the pensioner sprawled on the floor in Coventry after the broad-daylight attack. XXX Videos college cutie talked into having hardcore sex Porn Films and Enjoy.

Discover our new collections and arrivals
Explore our Featured brands and be amazed
Experience our range of ethical brands
Find our luxury brands and be excited
Explore new partners and be amazed by the product range
Discover our feature stores and be delighted by their collection
Be excited by the possibility of shopping with your gift card
You are not logged in. Please log into your account or create an account and start exploring MyList!

When using a touchscreen monitor with an Eos family console, the cursor appears "reversed" as if you were touching the opposite side of the screen. The cursor may mirror your touch input across one or both axes.
Description/Explanation of Issue
Windows 7-based Eos family consoles support both modern Windows-compatible touchscreen monitors as well as ELO Accutouch monitors. However, the drivers that support ELO monitors interpret USB touch data differently than the drivers that support generic monitors. If ELO calibration data is present for a generic touchscreen or vice-versa, the touch input will be interpreted incorrectly, resulting in the cursor being moved improperly. To resolve this issue, you must remove the incorrect calibration data from the console.
- Exit to the console shell.
- Select Settings.
- In the General tab, select Monitor Arrangement.
- Click on the affected monitor.
- If you are unsure of which monitor to select, click Identify to show the monitor designations on your displays.
- Select "Reset Calibration" from the options below the monitor diagram.
- Recalibrate the monitor.
- For an ELO monitor, choose "ELO Monitor Settings" and then "Align ELO Touchmonitors," then follow the on-screen prompts.
- For a generic Windows-compatible monitor, choose "Calibrate."

You might have to reprogram your mind, but believe me there is great freedom in saying NO.
Saying NO to the less important, to the irrelevant frees you up to focus on the more important stuffs.
So please get comfortable saying NO, as much as it hurts, it’s ok!
So When Should You Say No
- When your health, life or sanity is at risk.
- To any relationship – platonic, business or emotional that is antagonistic to your dreams and goals.
- To a partner that treats you as if he/she is doing you a favour being with you.
- If saying it will give you inner peace.
- When you feel tired, exhausted and used in that relationship. Please say NO.

- Penis Anatomy
- Penis Physiology
- ED Risk Factors
- What drugs treat erectile dysfunction?
- What is the treatment for erectile dysfunction?
- What are erectile dysfunction treatments for men with cardiovascular disease?
- Oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors
- Sildenafil (Viagra)
- Vardenafil (Levitra)
- Tadalafil (Cialis)
- Avanafil (Stendra)
- What are intracavernosal injections?
- What are intraurethral suppositories?
- What is the role of testosterone therapy in the treatment of erectile dysfunction?
- Other Treatments
Erectile dysfunction (ED, impotence) facts
Erectile dysfunction (ED), also known as impotence, is the persistent inability to have an erection that is hard enough for penetration and/or a hard erection that lasts long enough for completion of sexual activity.
- ED may have a significant effect on the sex life of a man and his partner.
- Symptoms of erectile dysfunction include lack of an erection hard enough for penetration and/or lasting long enough for completion of sexual activity.
- ED may occur with or without other sexual dysfunction, including decreased libido (decreased interest in sexual activity), orgasmic dysfunction (troubles achieving an orgasm/climax), and ejaculatory dysfunction (problems with the fluid released during sex, including lack of ejaculation [anejaculation], small volume ejaculate, ejaculation that occurs too quickly [premature ejaculation], ejaculate that goes backward into the bladder [retrograde ejaculation] and pain with ejaculation).
- Erectile dysfunction is common, and the risk of developing ED increases with age. Experts have estimated that erectile dysfunction affects 30 million men in the United States.
- The causes of erectile dysfunction include aging, high blood pressure, diabetes mellitus, cigarette smoking, atherosclerosis (hardening of the arteries), depression, nerve or spinal cord damage, medication side effects, alcoholism or other substance (drug) abuse, pelvic surgery including radical prostatectomy, pelvic radiation, penile/perineal/pelvic trauma such as pelvic fracture, Peyronie's disease (a disorder that causes curvature of the penis and sometimes painful erections), and low testosterone levels.
- Erectile dysfunction is treatable in all age groups.
- Treatments include psychotherapy, adopting a healthy lifestyle, oral phosphodiesterase type V (PDE5) inhibitors (Viagra, Levitra, Cialis, Stendra, and Staxyn), intraurethral prostaglandin E1 (MUSE), intracavernosal injections (prostaglandin E1 [Caverject, Edex], Bimix and Trimix), vacuum devices, penile prosthesis and vascular surgery, and (in some cases) changes in medications when appropriate.
- Discuss over-the-counter products and/or supplements with a doctor before using them.
- New research is ongoing in the field of erectile dysfunction to find improved and effective therapies.
What is erectile dysfunction (ED)?
Erectile dysfunction (ED), also known as impotence, is the inability to achieve or sustain a hard enough erection for satisfactory completion of sexual activity. Erectile dysfunction is different from other health conditions that interfere with male sexual function, such as lack of sexual desire (decreased libido) and problems with ejaculation release of the fluid from the penis (ejaculatory dysfunction) and orgasm/climax (orgasmic dysfunction), and penile curvature (Peyronie's disease), although these problems may also be present. ED affects about 50% of men age 40 and over. This article focuses on the evaluation and treatment of erectile dysfunction.
What is normal penis anatomy?
The penis contains three cylinders, the two corpora cavernosa, which are on the top of the penis (see figure 1 below). These two cylinders are involved in erections. The third cylinder contains the urethra, the tube that the urine and ejaculate passes through, runs along the underside of the penis. The corpus spongiosum surrounds the urethra. Spongy tissue that has muscles, fibrous tissues, veins, and arteries within it makes up the corpora cavernosa. The inside of the corpora cavernosa is like a sponge, with potential spaces that can fill with blood and distend (known as sinusoids). A layer of tissue that is like Saran Wrap, called the tunica albuginea, surrounds the corpora. Veins located just under the tunica albuginea drain blood out of the penis.
How common is erectile dysfunction?
Erectile dysfunction (ED, impotence) varies in severity; some cannot have an erection at all, whereas other men sometimes have troubles getting a hard erection, and others get a hard erection but it only lasts for a short period of time. Approximately 50% of men over the age of 40 have troubles with erectile dysfunction.
While erectile dysfunction can occur at any age, the risk of developing erectile dysfunction increases with age. According to the Massachusetts Male Aging Study, the prevalence of erectile dysfunction was 52% in men 40-70 years of age. The prevalence of complete erectile dysfunction increases from 5% at 40 years of age to 15% among men 70 years of age and older.
How does erection occur?
Erections are neurovascular events, meaning that nerves and blood vessels (arteries and veins) are involved in the process of an erection and all must work properly to develop a hard erection that lasts long enough. Erection begins with sexual stimulation. Sexual stimulation can be tactile (for example, by a partner touching the penis or by masturbation) or mental (for example, by having sexual fantasies, viewing porn). Sexual stimulation or sexual arousal causes the nerves going to the penis to release a chemical, nitric oxide. Nitric oxide increases the production of another chemical, cyclic GMP (cGMP), in the muscle of the corpora cavernosa. The cGMP causes the muscles of the corpora cavernosa to relax, and this allows more blood to flow into the penis. The incoming blood fills the corpora cavernosa, making the penis expand.
How does a man sustain an erection?
As blood flows into the penis, the corpora cavernosa swell, and this swelling compresses the veins (blood vessels that drain the blood out of the penis) against the tunica albuginea. Compression of the veins prevents blood from leaving the penis. This creates a hard erection. When the amount of cGMP decreases by the action of a chemical called phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5), the muscles in the penis tighten, and the blood flow into the penis decreases. With less blood coming into the penis, the veins are not compressed, allowing blood to drain out of the penis, and the erection goes down.
What causes erectile dysfunction?
The ability to achieve and sustain erections requires the following:
- A healthy nervous system that conducts nerve impulses in the brain, spinal column, and penis
- Healthy arteries in and near the corpora cavernosa that when stimulated can bring increased blood flow into the penis
- Healthy muscles and fibrous tissues within the corpora cavernosa, which can distend to allow the penis to fill with blood
- Adequate levels of nitric oxide in the penis
- Normal-functioning tunica albuginea that allows for compression of the veins
- Appropriate psychosocial interactions
Erectile dysfunction can occur if a man doesn't meet one or more of these requirements. The following are causes of erectile dysfunction, and many men have more than one potential cause:
- Aging: There are two reasons why older men are more likely to experience erectile dysfunction than younger men. First, older men are more likely to develop diseases (such as heart attacks, angina, cardiovascular disease, strokes, diabetes mellitus, and high blood pressure) that are associated with erectile dysfunction. Second, the aging process alone can cause erectile dysfunction in some men by causing changes in the muscle and tissue within the penis.
- Diabetes mellitus: Erectile dysfunction tends to develop 10 to 15 years earlier in diabetic men than among nondiabetic men. The increased risk of erectile dysfunction among men with diabetes mellitus may be due to the earlier onset and greater severity of atherosclerosis (hardening of the arteries) that narrows the arteries and thereby reduces the delivery of blood to the penis. Atherosclerosis can affect the arteries in the penis, as well as the arteries in the pelvis that supply the penile arteries. Diabetes mellitus also causes erectile dysfunction by damaging nerves that go to the penis, much like the effect of diabetes on nerves in other areas of the body (diabetic neuropathy). Diabetes can also affect the muscles in the penis, leading to troubles with erections. Smoking cigarettes, obesity, poor control of blood glucose levels, and having diabetes mellitus for a long time further increase the risk of erectile dysfunction in people with diabetes.
- Hypertension (high blood pressure): Men with high blood pressure have an increased risk of developing erectile dysfunction. Hypertension can cause troubles with erections related to atherosclerosis or from low levels of nitric oxide production from the arteries in the penis. Medications to treat hypertension may cause erectile dysfunction.
- Cardiovascular diseases: The most common cause of cardiovascular diseases in the United States is atherosclerosis, the narrowing and hardening of arteries that reduces blood flow. Atherosclerosis (a type of vascular disease) typically affects arteries throughout the body; hypertension, high blood cholesterol levels, cigarette smoking, and diabetes mellitus aggravate atherosclerosis. Hardening of the arteries to the penis and pelvic organs, atherosclerosis, causes insufficient blood flow into the penis. There is a close correlation between the severity of atherosclerosis in the coronary arteries and erectile dysfunction. For example, men with more severe coronary artery atherosclerosis (hardening of the arteries in the heart) also tend to have more erectile dysfunction than men with mild or no coronary artery atherosclerosis. Some doctors suggest that men with new onset erectile dysfunction undergo evaluation for silent coronary artery diseases (advanced coronary artery atherosclerosis that has not yet caused angina or heart attacks).
- Metabolic syndrome is associated with multiple risk factors for erectile dysfunction including diabetes, abnormal lipid profile, hypertension, and obesity.
- Cigarette smoking: Cigarette smoking aggravates atherosclerosis and can cause vasospasm (spasms of the arteries) and thereby increases the risk for erectile dysfunction.
- Nerve or spinal cord damage: Damage to the spinal cord and nerves in the pelvis can cause erectile dysfunction. Nerve damage can be due to disease, trauma, or surgical procedures. Examples include injury to the spinal cord from automobile accidents, injury to the pelvic nerves from prostate surgery for cancer (prostatectomy), and some surgeries for colorectal cancer, radiation to the prostate, surgery for benign prostatic enlargement, multiple sclerosis (a neurological disease with the potential to cause widespread damage to nerves), and long-term diabetes mellitus.
- BPH: Benign enlargement of the prostate is associated with erectile dysfunction.
- Trauma: Trauma to the pelvis, including pelvic fracture, may cause erectile dysfunction, and an untreated penile fracture may result in erectile dysfunction.
- Substance abuse: Marijuana, heroin, cocaine, methamphetamines, crystal meth, and narcotic and alcohol abuse contribute to erectile dysfunction. Alcoholism, in addition to causing nerve damage, can lead to atrophy (shrinking) of the testicles and lower testosterone levels.
- Low testosterone levels: Testosterone (the primary sex hormone in men) is not only necessary for sex drive (libido) but also is necessary to maintain nitric oxide levels in the penis. Therefore, men with hypogonadism (low testosterone with symptoms) can have low sex drive and erectile dysfunction.
- Medications: Many common medicines produce erectile dysfunction as a side effect. Medicines that can cause erectile dysfunction include many used to treat high blood pressure, antihistamines, antidepressants, tranquilizers, and appetite suppressants. Examples of common medicines that can cause erectile dysfunction include propranolol (Inderal) or other beta-blockers, hydrochlorothiazide, digoxin (Lanoxin), amitriptyline (Elavil), famotidine (Pepcid), cimetidine (Tagamet), metoclopramide (Reglan), naproxen, indomethacin (Indocin), lithium (Eskalith, Lithobid), verapamil (Calan, Verelan, Isoptin), phenytoin (Dilantin), gemfibrozil (Lopid), amphetamine/dextroamphetamine (Adderall), and phentermine. Prostate cancer medications that lower testosterone levels such as leuprolide (Lupron) may affect erectile function. Some chemotherapies such as cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan) may affect erectile function.
- Recreational drugs: Recreational drugs, including alcohol, amphetamines, barbiturates, marijuana, nicotine, heroin and cocaine, are associated with erectile dysfunction.
- Depression and anxiety: Psychological factors may be responsible for erectile dysfunction. These factors include stress, anxiety, guilt, depression, widower syndrome, low self-esteem, posttraumatic stress disorder, and fear of sexual failure (performance anxiety). It is also worth noting that many medications used for treatment of depression and other psychiatric disorders may cause erectile dysfunction or ejaculatory problems.
What are erectile dysfunction risk factors?
The common risk factors for ED include the following:
- Advanced age
- Cardiovascular disease
- Diabetes mellitus
- High cholesterol
- Cigarette smoking
- Recreational drug use
- Depression or other psychiatric disorders
- Pelvic surgery, including radical prostatectomy and colorectal surgery
- Pelvic radiation, such as for prostate cancer and some colorectal cancers
- Trauma to the pelvis (pelvic fracture), penis (penile fracture), and perineum
What are erectile dysfunction symptoms and signs?
Signs and symptoms of erectile dysfunction may include the following:
- Penile erection occurs, but the penis does not remain hard enough for completion of sex.
- Penile erections are not hard enough for penetration.
- There is an inability to obtain a penile erection.
- One can still achieve an orgasm and ejaculate with erectile dysfunction.
How do health care professionals diagnose erectile dysfunction?
Patient health history
Physicians make a diagnosis of erectile dysfunction in men who complain of troubles having a hard enough erection or a hard erection that does not last long enough. It is important as you talk with your doctor that you be candid in terms of when your troubles started, how bothersome your erectile dysfunction is, how severe it is, and discuss all your medical conditions along with all prescribed and nonprescribed medications that you are taking. Your doctor will ask several questions to determine if your symptoms are suggestive of erectile dysfunction and to assess its severity and possible causes. Your doctor will try to get information to answer the following questions:
- Is the patient suffering from erectile dysfunction or from some other form of sexual dysfunction such as loss of libido or a disorder of ejaculation (for example, premature ejaculation) or orgasm, or problems with penile curvature/pain (Peyronie's disease)?
- Is your erectile dysfunction due to psychological (stress, relationship problems, etc.) or physical factors? Your doctor may ask if you note erections at night or in the early morning. Men have involuntary erections in the early morning and during REM sleep (a stage in the sleep cycle with rapid eye movements). Men with psychogenic erectile dysfunction (erectile dysfunction due to psychological factors such as stress and anxiety rather than physical factors) usually maintain these involuntary erections. Men with physical causes of erectile dysfunction (for example, atherosclerosis, smoking, and diabetes) usually do not have these involuntary erections. Men with psychogenic erectile dysfunction may relate the onset of problems to a "stressor," such as failed relationship. Your doctor may suggest a test to determine if you have erections during sleep, which may suggest that there may be a psychological cause of the erectile dysfunction.
- 3. Are there physical causes of erectile dysfunction? Erectile dysfunction may be a symptom of underlying medical conditions, which if not detected may cause further medical problems. A prior history of cigarette smoking, heart attacks, strokes, and poor circulation in the extremities (for example, intermittent claudication or cramping in your leg[s] when you walk) suggest atherosclerosis as the cause of the erectile dysfunction. Loss of sexual desire and drive, lack of sexual fantasies, gynecomastia (enlargement of breasts), and diminished facial hair suggest low testosterone levels. A prior history of pelvic surgery or radiation and trauma to the penis/pelvis/perineum can cause problems with the nerves and blood vessels. Symptoms of intermittent claudication of the lower extremities with exercise may suggest a vascular problem as a cause of the erectile dysfunction.
- Is the patient taking medications that can contribute to erectile dysfunction (see causes above), including prescribed, over-the-counter, or recreational drugs? It is important to discuss your prescribed medications, as well as over-the-counter medications and drugs of abuse such as opiates, alcohol, etc.
The physical examination can reveal clues for physical causes of erectile dysfunction. A doctor will perform an assessment of BMI and waist circumference to evaluate for abdominal obesity. A genital examination is part of the evaluation of erectile dysfunction. The examination will focus on the penis and testes. The doctor will ask you about penile curvature and will examine the penis to see if there are any plaques (hard areas) palpable. The doctor will examine the testes to make sure they are in the proper location in the scrotum and are normal in size. Small testicles, lack of facial hair, and enlarged breasts (gynecomastia) can point to hormonal problems such as hypogonadism with low testosterone levels. A health care provider may check pulses in your groin and feet to determine if there is a suggestion of hardening of the arteries that could also affect the arteries to the penis.
The lab testing obtained for the evaluation of erectile dysfunction may vary with the information obtained on the health history, physical examination, and recent lab testing. A testosterone level is not necessary in all men; however, a physician will order labs to determine a patient's testosterone level if other signs and symptoms of hypogonadism (low testosterone) such as decreased libido, loss of body hair, muscle loss, breast enlargement, osteoporosis, infertility, and decreased penile/testicular size are present.
A doctor may ask for the following laboratory tests in the evaluation of erectile dysfunction:
- Complete blood counts
- Urinalysis: A high level of sugar (glucose) in the urine may be a sign of diabetes mellitus, and high protein in the urine may suggest kidney damage, which can cause erectile troubles.
- Lipid profile: High levels of LDL cholesterol (bad cholesterol) in the blood can cause atherosclerosis.
- Blood glucose levels: Abnormally high blood glucose (sugar) levels may be a sign of diabetes mellitus.
- Blood hemoglobin A1C: Abnormally high levels of blood hemoglobin A1C in patients with diabetes mellitus indicate that there is poor control of blood glucose levels.
- Serum creatinine: An abnormal serum creatinine, a chemical that reflects kidney function, may be the result of kidney damage.
- Liver enzymes and liver function tests: Liver disease (cirrhosis) can cause low testosterone. Thus, a physician may need to test some men for liver disease.
- Total testosterone levels: Health care professionals should obtain a patient's blood samples for total testosterone levels in the early morning (before 8 a.m.) because the testosterone levels go up and down throughout the day. If you have a low testosterone level, a health care professional should check it again to confirm that it is truly low. In some men, a specialized test measuring the active form of testosterone (free or bioavailable testosterone) may be recommended.
- Other hormone levels: Measurement of other hormones beside testosterone (luteinizing hormone [LH], prolactin level, and cortisol level) may provide clues to other underlying causes of testosterone deficiency and erectile problems, such as pituitary disease or adrenal gland abnormalities. Doctors may check thyroid levels in some individuals as both hypothyroidism (low thyroid function) and hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid function) can contribute to erectile dysfunction.
- PSA levels: PSA (prostate specific antigen) blood levels and prostate examination to exclude prostate cancer is important before starting testosterone treatment since testosterone can aggravate prostate cancer.
- Other blood tests: Evaluation for hemochromatosis, lupus, scleroderma, zinc deficiency, sickle cell anemia, and cancers (leukemia, colon cancer) are some of the other potential tests that a physician may perform based on each individual's health history and symptoms.
Health care professionals do not routinely obtain imaging tests in the evaluation of erectile dysfunction.
Ultrasound with Doppler imaging (ultrasound plus evaluation of blood flow in the arteries and veins) can provide additional information about blood flow of the penis and may help in the evaluation of patients prior to surgical intervention. This study is typically performed after the injection of a chemical that causes the arteries to open up, a vasodilator (prostaglandin E1), into the corpora cavernosa in order to cause dilation of blood vessels and promote blood flow into the penis. The rate of blood flow into the penis can be measured along with an evaluation of problems with compression of the veins.
Rarely, a doctor may perform an angiogram (injecting a dye into the arteries that supply the penis and taking X-rays to look for areas of narrowing of the arteries) in cases in which possible vascular surgery could be beneficial.
Other health tests
Monitoring erections that occur during sleep (nocturnal penile tumescence) can help you and your doctor to understand if the erectile dysfunction is due to psychological or physical causes. The nocturnal penile tumescence test is a study to evaluate erections at night. Normally men have three to five erections per eight hours of sleep. The test can be performed at home or in a sleep lab. The most accurate way to perform the test involves a special device that is connected to two rings. The rings are placed around the penis, one at the tip of the penis and the other at the bottom (base) of the penis. The device records how many erections occur, how long they last, and how rigid they are. The test is limited in that it does not assess the ability to penetrate.
If there seems to be a psychological cause contributing to your erectile dysfunction, the doctor may ask the patient questions to help determine stressor, events, and relationship issues that may be causing your erectile troubles. It may be helpful to have your sexual partner involved in this assessment.
What drugs treat erectile dysfunction?
A number of medical treatment options exist for erectile dysfunction include the following:
- Oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors (sildenafil [Viagra], vardenafil [Levitra and the generic formulation Staxyn], tadalafil [Cialis]), and avanafil [Stendra])
- Intracavernosal injections (papaverine, phentolamine, and PGE1 [Trimix], Bimix, and alprostadil injection [Caverject, Edex])
- Intraurethral suppositories (MUSE)
- Testosterone in individuals with ED and other signs/symptoms of hypogonadism and an unequivocally low serum testosterone
A doctor can help decide what medication(s) may be the best for the patient. This is an important step to do so the doctor can help choose the best and safest drug(s) and other treatments so that men with other medical problems can get individualized care appropriate for their medical conditions.
What is the treatment for erectile dysfunction?
The following are treatment options for erectile dysfunction:
First-line treatment options
- Working with doctors to modify current medications to select medications that do not cause troubles with erectile function when possible
- Making lifestyle improvements (for example, quitting smoking and exercising more) may help improve symptoms or prevent the erectile dysfunction from getting worse.
- Taking oral therapies (drugs/medications) to treat ED, such as sildenafil (Viagra), vardenafil (Levitra, Staxyn), tadalafil (Cialis), or avanafil (Stendra)
Second-line treatment options
- Inserting medications into the urethra (intraurethral suppositories [MUSE])
- Injecting medications into the corpora cavernosa (intracavernosal injections)
- Vacuum constrictive devices for the penis
Third-line treatment options
- Penile prostheses
- Rarely vascular surgery to improve blood flow to the penis
Adjusting medications that may cause or contribute to erectile dysfunction
Many common medications for treating hypertension, depression, and high blood lipids (high cholesterol) can contribute to erectile dysfunction (see above). Treatment of hypertension is an example. There are many different types (classes) of medications for high blood pressure; these include beta-blockers, calcium channel blockers, diuretics (medications that increase urine volume), angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (ACE inhibitors), and angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs). Patients may use these medications alone or in combination to control blood pressure. Some of these medications can cause troubles with erections. For example, Inderal (a beta-blocker) and hydrochlorothiazide (a diuretic) cause erectile dysfunction, while calcium channel blockers and ACE inhibitors do not seem to affect erectile function. On the other hand, other medications (such as angiotensin receptor blockers [ARB] including losartan [Cozaar] and valsartan [Diovan]) may actually help with erections. Therefore, if possible, you may benefit from changing your medications, but this requires approval by your prescribing health care provider.
Quitting smoking, exercising regularly, losing excess weight, curtailing excessive alcohol consumption, controlling hypertension, and optimizing blood glucose levels in patients with diabetes are not only important for maintaining good health but also may improve or even prevent progression of erectile dysfunction. It is unclear if such lifestyle changes can reverse erectile dysfunction. However, lifestyle improvements may prevent progression of the erectile dysfunction. Some studies suggest that men who have made lifestyle improvements experience increased rates of success with oral medications.
What are erectile dysfunction treatments for men with cardiovascular disease?
ED is often the result of atherosclerosis, and as a result, men with ED frequently have cardiovascular disease. Sexual activity is associated with increased physical exertion, which in some men may increase the risk of having a heart attack (myocardial infarction or MI). The major risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease are age, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, obesity, smoking, abnormal lipid/cholesterol levels in the blood, and lack of exercise. Individuals with three or more of these risk factors are at increased risk for a heart attack during sexual activity. The Princeton Consensus Panel developed guidelines for treating ED in men with cardiovascular disease. Thus, if you have ED and cardiovascular disease (for example, angina or prior heart attack), you should discuss whether or not treatment of ED and sexual activity are appropriate for you.
Oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors
What are oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors?
The common PDE5 inhibitor drugs approved in the United States are sildenafil (Viagra), vardenafil (Levitra and Staxyn, the generic form), tadalafil (Cialis), or avanafil (Stendra). All of the currently approved PDE5 inhibitors work in the same way. They differ in the number of available doses, how quickly they work and last in your system, the dosing, and to some extent in the side effects. However, they generally share the same indications and contraindications. Currently, tadalafil is the only medication that patients can take on a daily basis and is approved for the treatment of both ED and BPH (benign enlargement of the prostate).
How do oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors work?
When sexually stimulated there is a release of a chemical, nitric oxide (NO) in the blood vessels of the corpus cavernosum. The NO stimulates the production of a compound called cGMP, which causes relaxation of the smooth muscle in the blood vessels supplying the corpus cavernosum. PDE 5 is an enzyme that breaks down cGMP. By inhibiting the breakdown of cGMP by PDE5, these medications allow cGMP to build up in the penis. cGMP causes muscles in the corpora cavernosa of the penis to relax. When the muscle is relaxed, more blood can flow into the penis and fill the spaces in the penis. As the penis fills with blood, the veins in the penis are compressed, and this results a hard erection. When the effect on PDE5 decreases, the cGMP levels go down and the muscle in the penis contracts, causing less blood to flow into the penis and allowing the veins to open up and drain blood out of the penis.
Who should not use oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors?
Some men should not take PDE5 inhibitors. They can cause hypotension (abnormally low blood pressure that can lead to fainting and even shock) when given to patients who are taking nitrates (medications taken for heart disease). Therefore, patients taking nitrates daily should not take any of the PDE5 inhibitors. Nitrates relieve angina (chest pain due to insufficient blood supply to the heart muscle because of narrowing of the coronary arteries); these include nitroglycerine tablets, patches, ointments, sprays, and pastes, as well as isosorbide dinitrate and isosorbide mononitrate. Other nitrates such as amyl nitrate and butyl nitrate also are in some recreational drugs called "poppers."
If you are taking medications (alpha-blockers) for problems with an enlarged prostate, you should discuss your prostate medications with your doctor. Alpha-blockers also can cause lowering of the blood pressure. Thus your doctor will need to carefully watch your blood pressure when you start the PDE5 inhibitor. Common alpha-blockers include doxazosin (Cardura), terazosin (Hytrin), and tamsulosin (Flomax).
PDE 5 inhibitors are broken down primarily by enzyme, cytochrome P450enzyme CYP3A4. Medications that decrease or increase the activity of CYP3A4 may affect levels and effectiveness of PDE 5 inhibitors. Such drugs include medications for the treatment of HIV (protease inhibitors) and the antifungal medications ketoconazole and itraconazole. Thus caution is recommended.
What are side effects of oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors?
The various PDE5 inhibitors for the treatment of ED share several common side effects, including headache, flushing, nasal congestion, nausea, dyspepsia (stomach discomfort), and diarrhea. Differences exist in side effects of the different PDE5 inhibitors, and thus it is important to be familiar with the prescribing information of the PDE5 inhibitor you are prescribed.
There have been rare reports of priapism (prolonged and painful erections lasting more than six hours) with the use of PDE5 inhibitors such as sildenafil, vardenafil, and tadalafil. Patients with blood cell diseases such as sickle cell anemia, leukemia, and multiple myeloma have higher than normal risks of developing priapism. Untreated priapism can cause injury to the penis and lead to permanent impotence. Therefore, if your erection lasts four hours, you should seek emergency medical care.
Rare side effects of all PDE5 inhibitors include a sudden loss of vision in one or both eyes (nonarteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy [NAION]) and sudden loss of hearing. Patients have reported these rare side effects with all of the PDE5 inhibitors. Seek immediate medical care if you develop loss of vision or hearing.
Doctors have not tested the PDE5 inhibitors in patients with retinitis pigmentosa, an eye condition that affects the retina and can cause blindness, and so caution is recommended if you have this health condition.
What is sildenafil (Viagra)?
Sildenafil (Viagra) was the first oral phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor approved by the FDA in the United States for the treatment of erectile dysfunction (it is not approved for women). Sildenafil inhibits PDE5, which is an enzyme that destroys cGMP. By inhibiting the destruction of cGMP by PDE5, sildenafil allows cGMP to accumulate. The cGMP in turn prolongs relaxation of the smooth muscle of the corpora cavernosa. Relaxation of the corpora cavernosa smooth muscle allows blood to flow into the penis resulting in increased engorgement of the penis. In short, sildenafil increases blood flow into the penis and decreases blood flow out of the penis.
How effective is sildenafil (Viagra)?
Sildenafil treats erectile dysfunction of either physical or psychological cause. It is effective in treating erectile dysfunction in men with coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, depression, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), and men who are taking antidepressants and several classes of antihypertensives.
How do patients take sildenafil (Viagra)?
Sildenafil is available as oral tablets at doses of 25 mg, 50 mg, and 100 mg. Patients should take sildenafil approximately one hour before sexual activity. In some men, the onset of action of the drug may be as early as 11-20 minutes. It's best for men to take sildenafil on an empty stomach for best results since absorption and effectiveness of sildenafil can be diminished if it is taken shortly after a meal, particularly a meal that is high in fat. Sildenafil and the other PDE5 inhibitors don't cause an immediate erection. Sexual stimulation is necessary for these medications to work.
What is the dose of sildenafil (Viagra)?
In prescribing sildenafil, a doctor considers the age, general health status, and other medication(s) the patient is taking. The usual starting dose for most men is 50 mg, however, the doctor may increase or decrease the dose depending on side effects and effectiveness. The maximum recommended dose is 100 mg every 24 hours. However, many men will need 100 mg of sildenafil for optimal effectiveness, and some doctors are recommending 100 mg as the starting dose.
Aging, liver and kidney problems, and concurrent use of certain medications (such as erythromycin [an antibiotic] and protease inhibitors for HIV) slows the metabolism (breakdown) of sildenafil. Slowed breakdown allows sildenafil to accumulate in the body and potentially may increase the risk of side effects. Therefore, in men over 65 years of age, in men with significant kidney and liver disease, and in men who also are taking medications called protease inhibitors, the doctor will initiate sildenafil at a lower dose (25 mg) to avoid accumulation of sildenafil in the body. A protease inhibitor ritonavir (Norvir) is especially potent in increasing the accumulation of sildenafil, thus men who are taking Norvir should not take sildenafil doses higher than 25 mg and at a frequency of no greater than once in 48 hours. Other medications that may affect the level of sildenafil include erythromycin and ketoconazole.
What are the side effects of sildenafil (Viagra) that may be different from some of the other PDE5 inhibitors?
Sildenafil (Viagra) may affect another phosphodiesterase enzyme in the eye causing transient abnormal vision (seeing a bluish hue or brightness).
Vardenafil (Levitra and the generic formulation Staxyn)
What is vardenafil (Levitra, Staxyn)?
Vardenafil (Levitra) was the second oral medicine approved by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. Like sildenafil (Viagra), vardenafil (Levitra) inhibits PDE5, which destroys cGMP (as discussed earlier). It is the only PDE 5 inhibitor that has a generic form available.
How effective is vardenafil (Levitra, Staxyn)?
Vardenafil is effective in men of all ages, different nationalities, and in men with such medical conditions as diabetes mellitus and erectile dysfunction after prostate surgery.
How should patients take vardenafil (Levitra, Staxyn)?
The recommended starting dose of vardenafil is 10 mg taken orally approximately one hour before sexual activity. A doctor may adjust the dose higher or lower depending on efficacy and side effects. The maximum recommended dose is 20 mg, and the maximum recommended dosing frequency is no more than once per day. Patients can take vardenafil with or without food. As with sildenafil, for vardenafil to be effective, sexual stimulation must occur.
What are the side effects of vardenafil (Levitra, Staxyn)?
Vardenafil shares the same side effects as sildenafil but is not associated with the abnormal vision that may occur with sildenafil.
Who should not use vardenafil (Levitra, Staxyn)?
The same concerns regarding the use of sildenafil with nitrates and alpha-blockers apply to vardenafil.
Men with a rare heart condition known as long QT syndrome should not take vardenafil since this may lead to abnormal heart rhythms. The QT interval is the time it takes for the heart's muscle to recover after it has contracted. An electrocardiogram (EKG) measures the QT interval. Some people have longer than normal QT intervals, and they may develop potentially life-threatening abnormal heart rhythms, especially when given certain medications. Men with a family history of long QT syndrome should not take vardenafil, as it is possible to inherit long QT syndrome. Furthermore, vardenafil is not recommended for men who are taking medications that can affect the QT interval such as quinidine (Quinaglute, Quinidex), procainamide (Pronestyl, Procan-SR, Procanbid), amiodarone (Cordarone), and sotalol (Betapace).
There is insufficient information on the safety of vardenafil in men with the following health disorders:
- Unstable angina (chest pain due to coronary artery disease that occurs at rest or with minimal physical exertion)
- Low blood pressure (a resting systolic blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg)
- Uncontrolled high blood pressure (greater than 170/110 mm Hg)
- Recent stroke or heart attack (within six months)
- Uncontrolled, potentially life-threatening abnormal heart rhythms
- Severe liver disease
- Severe kidney failure requiring dialysis
- Severe heart failure or disease of the heart's valves, for example, aortic stenosis (hardening of the main artery in the body)
- Retinitis pigmentosa (a condition that affects the retina of the eye and can cause blindness)
Therefore, men with these health conditions should not use vardenafil without having these conditions evaluated and stabilized first. For example, men with uncontrolled high blood pressure should have their blood pressure controlled; and men with potentially life-threatening abnormal heart rhythms should have these rhythms controlled.
When there is angina or heart failure, the doctor may need to determine whether the heart has enough reserve to carry out the work necessary for sexual activity by performing cardiac treadmill stress testing.
What precautions should patients take when using vardenafil (Levitra, Staxyn)?
Metabolism (breakdown) of vardenafil can be slowed by aging, liver disease, and concurrent use of certain medications (such as erythromycin [an antibiotic], ketoconazole [Nizoral, a medication for fungal/yeast infections], and protease inhibitors [medications used to treat AIDS]). Slowed breakdown allows vardenafil to accumulate in the body and potentially increase the risk for side effects. Therefore, in men over 65 years of age with liver disease, or who are also taking medication(s) that can slow the breakdown of vardenafil, the doctor will initiate vardenafil at low doses to avoid its accumulation. For example,
- men taking erythromycin or ketoconazole should not take more than 5 mg of vardenafil in a 24-hour period;
- men taking high doses of ketoconazole (Nizoral) should not take more than 2.5 mg of vardenafil in a 24-hour period;
- men with moderately severe liver disease also should not take more than a 5 mg dose of vardenafil in a 24-hour period;
- men taking the protease inhibitor (for the treatment of HIV/AIDS) indinavir (Crixivan) should not take more than 2.5 mg of vardenafil in a 24-hour period; and
- men taking another protease inhibitor ritonavir (Norvir), erythromycin, or ketoconazole, should not take more than 2.5 mg of vardenafil every 72 hours.
What is tadalafil (Cialis)?
Tadalafil (Cialis) is the third oral medicine approved by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. Like sildenafil (Viagra) and vardenafil (Levitra), tadalafil inhibits PDE5 (as described earlier). Unlike the other PDE 5 inhibitors, patients should take tadalafil once daily and is approved for the treatment of BPH (benign enlargement of the prostate).
How effective is tadalafil (Cialis)?
Tadalafil is effective in treating erectile dysfunction in men of all ages and has been shown to be effective in men with diabetes mellitus and erectile dysfunction after prostate cancer surgery. Studies demonstrated that tadalafil improved the ability to get a hard erection and to have the hard erection last long enough.
How should patients take tadalafil (Cialis)?
Patients may take tadalafil as needed as with sildenafil, vardenafil, and avanafil or once a day. It is the only ED oral medication that patients can take on a daily basis.
The recommended starting dose of tadalafil for use as needed for most patients is 10 mg taken orally approximately one hour before sexual activity. A doctor may adjust the dose higher to 20 mg or lower to 5 mg depending on efficacy and side effects. Doctors recommended that patients take tadalafil no more frequently than once per day. Some patients can take tadalafil less frequently since the improvement in erectile function may last 36 hours. Patients may take tadalafil with or without food. Tadalafil is currently the only PDE5 inhibitor that is FDA-approved for daily use for erectile dysfunction and is available in 2.5 mg or 5 mg dosages for daily use.
What are the side effects of tadalafil (Cialis)?
Tadalafil shares the common side effects of the PDE5 inhibitors, however, due to its effect on PDE11, another phosphodiesterase located in muscle, tadalafil has been associated with muscle aches. Back pain and muscle aches occur in less than 7% of men taking tadalafil and in most patients will go away without treatment within 48 hours. When treatment was necessary, acetaminophen (Tylenol) and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) such as ibuprofen (Motrin, Advil) or naproxen (Aleve) were effective. Rarely do the muscle aches and back pain cause men to stop using tadalafil.
Who should not use tadalafil (Cialis)?
Men taking nitrates should not use tadalafil as with the other PDE5 inhibitors.
Tadalafil should not be used with alpha-blockers (except Flomax), medicines used to treat high blood pressure, and benign prostate hypertrophy (BPH) because the combination of tadalafil and an alpha-blocker may lower the blood pressure greatly and lead to dizziness and fainting. Examples of alpha-blockers include tamsulosin (Flomax), terazosin (Hytrin), doxazosin (Cardura), alfuzosin (Uroxatral), and prazosin (Minipress). Tamsulosin (Flomax) is the only alpha-blocker that patients can use safely with tadalafil. When tadalafil (20 mg) was given to healthy men taking 0.4 mg of Flomax daily, there was no significant decrease in blood pressure and so patients on this dose of tamsulosin (Flomax) can be prescribed tadalafil. The only alpha-blocker not tested with tadalafil is alfuzosin (Uroxatral), and no recommendations can be made regarding the interaction between the two.
As with vardenafil, doctors do not recommend tadalafil for men with the following conditions:
- Unstable angina (chest pain due to coronary artery disease that occurs at rest or with minimal physical exertion)
- Low blood pressure (a resting systolic blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg)
- Uncontrolled high blood pressure (greater than 170/110 mm Hg)
- Recent stroke or heart attack (within six months)
- Uncontrolled, potentially life-threatening abnormal heart rhythms
- Severe liver disease
- Severe heart failure or disease of the heart valves (for example, aortic stenosis)
- Retinitis pigmentosa
Therefore, men with these health conditions should not use tadalafil without having these conditions evaluated and stabilized first. For example, men with uncontrolled high blood pressure should have their blood pressure controlled; and men with potentially life-threatening abnormal heart rhythms should have these rhythms controlled.
When there is angina or heart failure, the doctor may need to determine whether the heart has enough reserve to carry out the work necessary for sexual activity by performing cardiac treadmill stress testing.
What precautions should patients take when using tadalafil?
In most healthy men, some of the drug will remain in the body for more than two days after a single dose of tadalafil. Metabolism (clearing of the drug from the body) of tadalafil can be slowed by liver disease, kidney disease, and concurrent use of certain medications (such as erythromycin, ketoconazole, and protease inhibitors). Slowed breakdown allows tadalafil to stay in the body longer and potentially increase the risk for side effects. Therefore, doctors have to lower the dose and frequency of tadalafil in the following examples:
- Medications such as erythromycin, ketoconazole (Nizoral), itraconazole (Sporanox), ritonavir (Norvir), and indinavir (Crixivan) can slow the breakdown of tadalafil. Therefore, men taking these medications should not take more than 10 mg of tadalafil and should not take tadalafil more frequently than every 72 hours.
- If you have kidney troubles, your doctor may recommend that you try a lower dose of tadalafil or change how often you use the tadalafil depending on your kidney function. Men with severe liver disease should not take tadalafil. Men with mild to moderate liver disease should not exceed tadalafil dose of 10 mg once daily.
Avanafil is the most recently FDA-approved PDE5 inhibitor to treat erectile dysfunction.
How effective is Avanafil?
Avanafil has been demonstrated to be effective in treating ED in men of various ages and has been shown to be effective in men with ED related to diabetes mellitus.
How should patients take Avanafil?
The recommended starting dose is 100 mg taken as early as 15 minutes prior to sexual activity, no more than once a day. The maximum dose is 200 mg. Avanafil may be taken with or without food. As with the other PDE5 inhibitors, sexual stimulation is necessary for avanafil to work.
Cautions with use of Avanafil:
If an individual is taking ketoconazole, erythromycin, or ritonavir, it is recommended that the maximum dose of avanafil not exceed 50 mg in 24 hours.
Similarly, if you are taking an alpha-blocker for prostate symptoms, the recommended starting dose of avanafil is 50 mg.
What are the side effects of Avanafil?
Avanafil shares the common PDE5 inhibitor side effects, contraindications, and cautions. No changes in dose are need for men with mild or moderate kidney disease. Individuals with severe kidney disease, severe liver disease, or those on kidney dialysis should not use avanafil.
What are intracavernosal injections?
Patient can inject medications directly into the corpora cavernosa to help attain and maintain erections. Medications such as papaverine hydrochloride, phentolamine, and prostaglandin E1 (alprostadil) can be used alone or in combinations to attain erections. All of these medications are vasodilators and work by increasing blood flow into the penis. Prostaglandin E1 (Caverject, Edex) is easier to obtain; however, it is associated with penile pain in some individuals. The use of combinations of two or three of these medications can decrease the risk of having penile pain.
Risks associated with injection therapy including bleeding, pain with injection, penile pain, priapism, and corporal fibrosis (scarring inside of the corpora cavernosa). There is also concern that repetitive injections in the same area could cause scar tissue to build up in the tunica albuginea that could create penile curvature. Thus, doctors recommended that one alternate sides with injection and perform injections no more frequent than every other day.
If you are on a blood thinner, you must be careful. After injection, patients should pressure to the site to minimize bleeding.
Patients should start with a low dose and increase in small doses until the dose that results in a rigid enough erection for completion of sexual activity is achieved. If one injects and there is an inadequate response, one should not reinject another dose of the medication at that time, due to the risk of priapism.
What are intraurethral suppositories?
Prostaglandin E1 (intraurethral alprostadil or MUSE) can be inserted in a pellet (suppository) form into the urethra to attain erections. It is available in four dosage strengths: 125 mcg, 250 mcg, 500 mcg, and 1,000 mcg. Most individuals need 500 mcg to 1,000 mcg for a satisfactory response.
How does intraurethral prostaglandin E1 work?
The prostaglandin E1 is contained in a small suppository located at the tip of an applicator. You should urinate first as this lubricates the urethra and makes it easier to insert the applicator into the tip of the urethra (urethral meatus, the opening at the tip of the penis that urine passes through). A patient can release the suppository into urethra by gently wiggling the applicator and pressing the button at the end. Rubbing the penis allows the suppository to dissolve, and the prostaglandin is absorbed through the tissue of the urethra into the penis. It takes 15 to 30 minutes for this occur. Once into the penis, the prostaglandin causes increased blood flow into the penis. The prostaglandin can be present in the ejaculate, and thus doctors recommend that men use a condom when having intercourse with a pregnant partner. Men may need to use a condom if vaginal irritation occurs in female partner.
It is recommend that the first trial of intraurethral prostaglandin be performed in the doctor's office due to the risk of hypotension with this medication.
Who should not use intraurethral prostaglandin E1?
Men with a known hypersensitivity to alprostadil should not use intraurethral prostaglandin E1.
Alprostadil should not be used in men with urethral stricture (scarring and narrowing of the tube that urine and the ejaculate pass through), balanitis (inflammation/infection of the glans [tip] of the penis, severe hypospadias (a condition where the opening of the urethra is not at the tip of the penis, rather on the underside of the penis), penile curvature (abnormal bend to the penis), and urethritis (inflammation/infection of the urethra).
Alprostadil should not be used in men at higher risk for priapism (erection lasting longer than six hours) including men with sickle cell anemia, thrombocytopenia (low platelet count), polycythemia (increased red blood cell count), multiple myeloma (a cancer of the white blood cells), and is contraindicated in men prone to venous thrombosis (blood clots in the veins) or hyperviscosity syndrome who are at increased risk for priapism.
How effective is alprostadil?
Patients report success rates up to 65% with intraurethral alprostadil.
What are side effects of intraurethral alprostadil?
Side effects of intraurethral alprostadil include pain in the penis and sometimes in the testicles, mild urethral bleeding, dizziness, and vaginal itching in the sex partner. Patients rarely report syncopal (fainting) episodes with initial use, and thus the first trial of this medication should be performed in the physician's office.
What is the role of testosterone therapy in the treatment of erectile dysfunction?
In patients with low testosterone, testosterone treatment can improve libido and erectile dysfunction, but many men still may need additional oral medications such as sildenafil, vardenafil, or tadalafil. Some studies suggest that men with ED and low testosterone may respond better to PDE5 inhibitors when given testosterone therapy; however, this is controversial.
Men with ED without hypogonadism (a low testosterone level and symptoms related to this) should not use testosterone therapy.
Prior to starting testosterone therapy, it is important for a doctor to perform a thorough evaluation on the patient.
Evaluation should include a breast examination, rectal examination of the prostate, and a PSA level (prostate specific antigen) blood test. Patients who have breast and prostate cancers should not use testosterone.
Patients should continue testosterone therapy only if there is improvement in the symptoms of hypogonadism and should be monitored regularly. You will need periodic blood tests for testosterone levels and blood tests to monitor your blood count and PSA. Testosterone therapy has health risks, and thus doctors should closely monitor its use. Testosterone therapy can worsen sleep apnea and congestive heart failure.
A variety of testosterone therapies are available, including oral, topical (gel, spray, patch), intramuscular, and pellets. Patient should review the advantages and disadvantages of each of these with a physician, as well as the health risks and benefits of testosterone therapy.
Certain medications can alter testicular function, including some diuretics (water pills), some seizure medications, long-acting oral opiate pain medications, antipsychotic medications, and oral steroids.
Can a penis pump (vacuum device) help erectile dysfunction?
Mechanical vacuum devices cause an erection by creating a vacuum around the penis that draws blood into the penis, engorging it, and expanding it. The devices have three components:
- A plastic cylinder, in which the individual places his penis
- A pump, which draws air out of the cylinder
- An elastic band, which is placed around the base of the penis, to maintain the erection after the cylinder is removed and during intercourse by preventing blood from flowing back into the body (see figure 2).
- The vacuum device may be operated by hand or be battery operated.
How does the vacuum device work?
The vacuum device creates a vacuum to pull blood into the penis. Unlike a normal erection, the inflow of blood does not continue once the individual removes the vacuum device. The rubber band placed at the base of the penis constricts the penis to prevent the blood from leaving the penis. As there is no inflow or outflow of blood when the rubber band is in place, it is uncommon for the tip of the penis (the glans) to appear a little blue and the penis to be cooler. Once intercourse is completed, the individual removes the rubber band and the blood drains out of the penis.
Is the vacuum device effective?
Yes, the vacuum device is effective. In fact, with use of the vacuum device, 88% of men will have an erection that is satisfactory for completion of sexual activity. The vacuum device may be the only therapy that is effective after the removal of a penile prosthesis. Patients also use vacuum devices as part of penile rehabilitation after radical prostatectomy to help preserve the tissue of the penis and prevent scarring within the penis and loss of penile length. Its use, however, is limited by the mechanical nature of it and the time taken to pump the device and apply the band. Sex partners may complain of the penis being cool to touch.
What are the risks of the vacuum device?
Individuals must remove the rubber band immediately after completing intercourse. Leaving the band on too long can harm the penis. Rarely, bruising of the penis or blood in the ejaculate/urine may occur.
What about psychological therapy for erectile dysfunction?
Experts often treat psychologically based impotence using techniques that decrease anxiety associated with intercourse. The patient's partner can help apply the techniques, which include gradual development of intimacy and stimulation. Such techniques also can help relieve anxiety during treatment of physical impotence. If these simple behavioral methods at home are ineffective, a doctor may refer an individual to a sex counselor.
Surgery for erectile dysfunction
Surgery for erectile dysfunction may have the following as its goal:
- to reconstruct arteries in order to increase the flow of blood to the penis; and
- to block veins that drain blood from the penis (currently not recommended).
- Currently, placement of a penile prosthesis is the most common surgical procedure performed for erectile dysfunction. Penile prosthesis placement is typically reserved for men who have tried and failed (either from efficacy or tolerability) or have contraindications to other forms of therapy including PDE5 inhibitors, intraurethral alprostadil, and injection therapy.
Currently, there are several different types of penile prostheses. The simplest is the malleable penile prosthesis and the most complex, the three-piece inflatable penile prosthesis.
Malleable implants usually consist of paired rods, inserted surgically into each of the corpora cavernosa. The rods are stiff, and to have an erection, one bends them up and then when finished with intercourse one bends them down. They do not change in length or width. The malleable implants are the least mechanical and thus have the lowest risk of malfunction. However, also have the least "normal appearance."
The most common inflatable prosthesis is the three-piece penile prosthesis. It is composed of paired cylinders, which doctors surgically insert inside the penis. Patients can expand the cylinders using pressurized fluid (see figure 3). Tubes connect the cylinders to a fluid reservoir and pump, which doctors also surgically implant. The reservoir is usually in the pelvis. A doctor places the pump in the scrotum. By pressing on the pump, sterile fluid transfers from the reservoir into the cylinders in the penis. An erection is produced primarily by expansion of the width of the penis, however, one model can increase in length a small amount also. Lock-out valves in the tubing prevent the fluid from leaving the cylinder until a release valve is pressed. By pressing the relief valve and gently squeezing the penis, the fluid within the cylinders transfers back into the reservoir.
The surgery for placement of a penile prosthesis is typically an outpatient surgery. Doctors often perform a penile prosthesis through a single incision, and all of the components are hidden under the skin. Health care professionals often give patients antibiotics at the time of surgery and often after the surgery to decrease the risk of developing an infection. Depending on your health history, a health care provider may leave a catheter in your penis to drain your bladder overnight.
Penile prostheses are very effective, and most patients who have a prosthesis placed are satisfied with the prosthesis. However, placement of a prosthesis causes scarring of the tissue within the corpora cavernosa, and if the prosthesis requires removal, other forms of therapy, except for the vacuum device, are often not effective. Thus, most physicians reserve placement of a prosthesis for men who have tried and failed or have contraindications to other therapies.
Complications of penile prosthesis placement
Infection is a concern after placement of a prosthesis and is a reported complication in 8%-20% of men undergoing placement of a penile prosthesis. If a prosthesis becomes infected (redness, pain, and swelling of the penis and sometimes purulent drainage are signs of infection), the prosthesis must be removed. Depending on the timing and severity of the infection and your surgeon's preference, the area can be irrigated extensively with antibiotic solutions and a new prosthesis placed at the same time or removal of the infected prosthesis and an attempt to place a new prosthesis made at a later time when the infection is totally cleared.
Mechanical malfunction is another risk of the prosthesis. However, advancements including lock-out valves and special covering over areas of the tubing have decreased the risk of mechanical malfunction.
Erosion of the prosthesis, whereby it presses through the corporal tissue into the urethra, may occur. Symptoms and signs may include pain, blood in the urine, discharge, abnormal urine stream, and malfunction. If the prosthesis erodes into the urethra, a physician must remove it. If the other cylinder remains intact, it can be left in place. A physician leaves a catheter in place to allow the urethra to heal.
Other risks of penile prosthesis include over- or undersizing of the prosthesis, which can cause an abnormal appearance to the erect penis or reservoir or pump migration into abnormal locations.
Surgery to repair arteries (penile arterial reconstructive surgery) can reduce impotence caused by obstructions that block the flow of blood to the penis. The best candidates for such surgery are young men with discrete blockage of an artery because of a physical injury to the pubic area or a fracture of the pelvis. The procedure is less successful in older men with widespread blockage of arteries.
Physicians do not recommend surgery on the penile veins.
Can over-the-counter (OTC) and/or natural or home remedies treat erectile dysfunction?
The U.S. FDA (Food and Drug Administration) has a list of 29 OTC products that claim to treat erectile dysfunction. Patients should avoid these because many contain harmful ingredients. Other natural or herbal remedies such as DHEA, L-arginine, ginseng, and yohimbe are supplements that have been used but have not been proven safe and effective according to some researchers. Before using such compounds, individuals should consult their doctor. According to some experts, acupuncture does not effectively treat erectile dysfunction. Other home remedies for reducing ED symptoms include diet changes such as eating blueberries and citrus fruits and drinking red wine.
Is it possible to prevent erectile dysfunction?
Prevention of some of the causes that contribute to the development of erectile dysfunction can decrease the chances of developing the problem. For example, if a person decreases their chances of developing diabetes, heart disease, and hypertension, they will decrease their chances of developing erectile dysfunction. Other things like stopping smoking, eating a healthy diet (heart healthy with adequate vitamin intake), and exercising daily may reduce a person's risk.
What is the prognosis for erectile dysfunction?
Currently, there are no therapies that cure erectile dysfunction. However, a number of effective therapies are available that allow an individual to have an erection when desired. Depending on the cause of the erectile dysfunction, certain therapies may be more effective than others. Although there is limited data on lifestyle modification, intuitively, decreasing risk factors for erectile dysfunction may help prevent progression of disease.
What erectile dysfunction studies are under way? What are future treatment options?
Combination therapy for the treatment of erectile dysfunction has been under investigation. Most of these studies have been small trials, and long-term data regarding their effectiveness and safety are lacking. However, with thorough evaluation and counseling, there may be a use for combination therapy for certain individuals with ED.
An alprostadil cream that patients apply into the tip of the penis (the urethral meatus, the opening that urine passes through) is currently available in the UK and Europe. It is currently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). After application of the cream, an erection occurs within five to 30 minutes, and the erection lasts one to two hours in men who respond to the cream. Doctors recommend that one use the cream for a maximum frequency of two to three times per week and no more frequent than once every 24 hours. It has essentially the same contraindications and side effects as the other formulations of alprostadil. The cream may cause vaginal burning in roughly 4% of partners. Men should not use alprostadil cream for sexual intercourse with women of childbearing potential unless a condom is used. Researchers have performed controlled trial studies to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of this drug. Overall, 52% of men reported improvement in their erections compared to 20% of men receiving placebo. A later analysis demonstrated that 36% of men using the alprostadil cream had a clinically relevant improvement in vaginal penetration ability and 31% clinically relevant improvement in ability to have successful intercourse to ejaculation.
Other medical therapies under evaluation include ROCK inhibitors and soluble guanyl cyclase activators. Melanocortin receptor agonists are a new set of medications being developed in the field of erectile dysfunction. Their action is on the nervous system rather than the vascular system. PT-141 is a nasal preparation that appears to be effective alone or in combination with PDE5 inhibitors. The main side effects include flushing and nausea. These drugs are currently not approved for commercial use.
Health Solutions From Our Sponsors
Diamond, L.E., et al. "Co-administration of Low Doses of Intranasal PT-141, a Melanocortin Receptor Agonist, and Sildenafil to Men With Erectile Dysfunction Results in an Enhanced Erectile Response." Urology 65 (2005): 755.
Jackson G., et al. "The second Princeton consensus on sexual dysfunction and cardiac risk: new guidelines for sexual medicine." Journal of Sexual Medicine 3 (2006): 28.
Kim, E.D. "Erectile Dysfunction Treatment & Management." Medscape.com. Oct. 12, 2015.
Matz, E.L., et al. "Stem cell therapy for erectile dysfunction." Sex Med Rev 2018 April 6 epub ahead of print.
United States. Food and Drug Administration. "Hidden Risks of Erectile Dysfunction 'Treatments' Sold Online." Mar. 23, 2015.
Yafi, F.A., et al. "Erectile dysfunction." Nat Rev Dis Primers 2 (2016): 16003.

Around the Millenium, Peelable Glass paints disappeared from the market. Not the Farmer's Market, nor the Saturday Market, from very single shop that used to sell them. They suddenly vanished. And back then the internet was only a speck in the distant ethers. With these versatile paints I had built a little business installing stained glass designs without having to remove windows The St Luke's Hospice chapel in Plymouth commissioned a fourteen foot wall of glass painted wisteria. Stained glass would have cost them thousands. My designs were made at home on fifty sheets, and installed in a single day. Things were looking up. But now the paints were withdrawn, sadly, so were my services. Then,14 years later, peelable paints came back. So here I am picking up the sticky threads. Starting with glass panels beside a doorway in a house called The Lilacs.
The translucence of glass paints makes them one of my favourite mediums. Yes, it is easier to paint on horizontal glass, but people don't always have the money or inclination to remove their windows. And I'm happy to accomodate and adapt to the budget of those who want a bit of interest or colour in their homes or businesses.
Looking forward to 2015!

Allstate Insurance is available by phone, Monday through Friday 9AM-6PM. You can reach Allstate by calling 650-556-2670.
Bay Area Integrative Healthcare is OPEN by appointment only. Call 650-368-8899
Eva Sweets Bakery is OPEN, Mon-Thurs. 10am-5PM email@example.com.
Los Gallos Taqueria is OPEN daily for outdoor patio seating and take-out orders from 9AM-9PM. Call 650-369-1864 to place your order.
Marsh Manor Cleaners is OPEN Mon & Thurs. from 8AM-5PM, Tues, Wed, Fri 9:30AM-5:30PM. Sat. 10AM-4PM. Call 650-367-1849 for more information.
Salt & Light Aveda Salon is OPEN! Call 650-290-5619 to book your appointment
Starbuck’s is OPEN for take-out orders.
Stretchworks is offering virtual consultations. Please call 650-472-3671 to schedule your time.
Wells Fargo is OPEN Monday through Saturday 9AM-6PM
Yat Sing Restaurant is OPEN for take out and delivery! Call (650) 368-8889 to place your order. Closed on Tuesdays.
© 2018 Marsh Manor All Rights Reserved

Adams Bank & Trust
Address: 131 Walnut Street, Sutherland, NE 69165
Contact President: Barbara Hoatson
Web site: unknown
SIC code: 602101 Industry group: DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS, Business category: NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS, Subcategory: BANKS
Gross Annual Sales (Revenue): Unavailable
Description: Adams Bank & Trust is a business categorized under banks, which is part of the larger category national commercial banks. Adams Bank & Trust is located at the address 131 Walnut Street, Sutherland, NE 69165 in Sutherland, Nebraska 69165-2139. The President is Barbara Hoatson who can be contacted at (308)386-4345.
Was this page helpful? Click here to Inform about a mistake 13 Rating:
Location & access map for "Adams Bank & Trust"
about: Adams Bank & Trust (Depository Institutions & Credit Unions)

Over the past couple of years i’ve definitely noticed and felt that my stress levels have become a lot higher than what they used to be, what with having a full time job, bills to pay and dealing with everyday life struggles, things just have a lot more importance and I care a lot more about those things than I did say two or three years ago. With that comes dealing with that stress and learning how to switch off, so I thought today i’d share the way in which I try to destress after a busy week and just take time to relax.
All in all i’d say I deal with stress fairly well, as I try my hardest to not let it have a negative effect on myself as well as those around me and most of the time I just take it in my stride. Having said that i’m sure some of you can relate that some weeks can be completely stress free, whereas others leave you feeling exhausted and that’s kind of how i’m feeling at the moment as work is crazy busy, with lots going on so i’ve definitely taken this weekend just gone to have some me time, so I thought this post was perfect timing!
1. Have a good clear out – With the winter weather firmly set in, I decided to switch all of my summer clothes out for my chunky knits that had been in hiding for the last six months. With that I decided to have a good clear out and get rid of anything I hadn’t worn at all during the summer, and it honestly felt amazing to just declutter and have a good tidy!
2. Catch up on your favourite blogs/youtubers – One thing that I look forward to of an evening or weekend is catching up on what i’ve missed throughout the week blog and youtube wise as it gives me a nice few hours to just relax and almost ignore any stress that I have going on. It’s also a time where it allows my mind to be free to take inspiration for any blog post ideas, which is something I often stress about especially if I have no content ideas for the upcoming week.
3. Have a bath with all of the Lush products – This is one of my favourite things to do when i’ve had an exhausting few days, and as i’ve just purchased a load of new Lush halloween products I couldn’t think of anything better. Spending 20-30 minutes soaking away, with my candles lit and my macbook cleverly balanced on the toilet so I can watch youtube videos or listen to music is just the ultimate relaxation time!
4. Have a nap – For me having a nap can be a risky thing, but I do find that when i’m stressed i’m often exhausted also so having a good hour or so nap allows me to switch off for a bit and just forget about my worries for a small amount of time.
5. Take your makeup off and whack on a face mask – One thing I don’t do often enough is a good face mask and I often forget how relaxed it makes me feel. I’ve recently become obsessed with sheet masks and these Anatomicals Firming Face Masks* (£8) have been a favourite of mine recently. They leave my skin feeling so refreshed and plump after a tiring week at work, which I definitely needed this weekend just gone!
6. Switch off – By switch off I mean switch off. Turn off your phone, don’t check social media and just have an hour or so to yourself with no added distractions. Although finding something to do in that hour could be difficult..
7. Get yourself a hot chocolate and some biscuits – One way that makes me feel instantly better is good hot chocolate and a sweet snack, usually a chocolate biscuit to dunk in my hot chocolate. I don’t know why but it just makes me feel calm and I guess the warmth is soothing on soul.
8. Light all of the candles – For the past few weeks i’ve been really enjoying coming home and lighting a few candles in my room. I absolutely love candles as there is something really calming about them and with the evenings getting colder they add some warmth and cosiness into my room.
9. Exercise – On the opposite side of the spectrum actually getting up and moving is another way for me to destress as a sweaty workout often makes me feel so much better. It allows me to get out any anger or frustration, but I cannot explain how good exercise can make you feel!
10. Snuggle up in bed and catch up on PLL – As well as catching up on youtube I also find taking a few hours to catch up on whatever TV series i’m watching really allows me to switch off and focus on the storyline. My fave TV series is PLL, but i’m thinking of re-watching One Tree Hill as I used to love it!
So those are a few ways that I like to switch off from the stresses of a tiring week and give myself some me time. I hope this post was helpful and has given you a few ideas in how you can relax and destress!
How do you destress after a tiring week?

Title: One Was Lost
Author: Natalie D. Richards
Publisher: Sourcebooks Fire
Release Date: October 4th 2016
*I received a copy of this book through a giveaway hosted by Armchair BEA, which does not influence my review.*
In Natalie D. Richards’ One Was Lost, an innocent school camping trip turns deadly and four teens must find a way to survive when they discover someone may be out to harm them. If you’re looking for a novel this month to get you in the mood for Halloween, but isn’t too intense when it comes to horror, One Was Lost might be for you. One of the most interesting things about this book is that although it was told in first person, we still get a chance to get to know the secondary characters beside the protagonist Sera. Lucas, Emily, and Jude had their own stories and brought their own issues to the story. I personally really liked Lucas and felt that we got to know him compared to the other two. One of the reason for this is Sera’s flashbacks, which added depth to their relationship and helped in the development of Lucas’ character. I do think that both Emily and Jude had more to offer and in terms of character development, the book might have worked better with multiple points of view. The story felt very limited and isolating at times and while this echoed what was happening to the characters in the story, there were moments when Sera would mention her relationship with her mother or father and it really made me want to read more about these different relationships. One Was Lost isn’t particularly groundbreaking when it comes to the thriller genre and its scares aren’t necessarily the most unique, but it’s a good book to pick up for October when you want to spend time with reads that will have you checking your locks before bed. Cover is linked to Goodreads.
Giveaway time! I currently have an ARC of Natalie D. Richard’s One Was Lost that I’d love the opportunity to share with another reader, so I am hosting a little giveaway. A few rules:
- Giveaway will run from October 2-14th.
- This giveaway is limited to the US due to shipping costs.
- You must be 18 or older to enter (or have your parents’ permission).
- The winner of the giveaway will be selected randomly and emailed on the 15th (you will have 48 hours to respond or another winner will be chosen).
- Prize will be mailed to you within a week of your response.
- To enter, click on the Rafflecopter link below.

Muralidhar Chavan on his Trek 3700
Heck no!!! It is impossible to cycle in this dense traffic. This was my reaction when I first imagined myself cycling to office or elsewhere. For more than 5 weeks now I have been cycling to office, a distance of 14 km 1 way (from Harishchandra ghat, near malleswaram deviah park, to EGL campus, Koramangala ring road), at least 4 days a week. And now, my reaction is, wow man, cycling is so much more better than using motorbike or car.
Hi, I am Muralidhar Chavan, working with IBM. Mallikarjun Javali joined my team few months back and I got to know that he commutes to work, a distance of 10 km 1 way, on cycle. He induced the thought in me to cycle to work and that it is actually possible to do that. I took a test drive on his cycle. I realized it is not bad as it looks. Also the following points made my thoughts stronger and I decided to buy a cycle.
- Cycling is eco friendly. People crib about pollution in the city. Instead they can do something to address the problem.
- Cycling is healthier.
- Save cost on fuel.
- Lead by example.
I visited BumsOnTheSaddle. Nikhil explained about the different bikes, their parts and their advantages/disadvantages. BOTS wants people to know what they are buying, unlike commercial shops who just want to sell bikes, somehow. I took test rides and finally decided that I would go for Trek 3700.
For me, cycling to work has these advantages, apart from those listed above.
- Time taken to commute on cycle is much less than commuting on motor bike, especially during peak hours. I cycle a distance of 14 km in 40-45. I take shower when I reach office (I carry a pair of clothes to office). Shower is not necessarily needed if you
Shucks. We're sorry this post was not that useful
How can we improve this post for you?
WHAT I LOVE ABOUT CYCLING
I love riding my bike. Whether it’s a simple commute, a high-intensity road race, a jaw-grinding brevet, fixie rides thru packed Indian city or a kick-ass technical single track – I love it all. Apart from riding bicycles, I love being all geeky and know everything there is to know about bicycles, technology, bike fit, and service.
I started BUMSONTHESADDLE to share this passion for cycling.
DISCIPLINE: Partial towards MOUNTAIN BIKING but love it all
CURRENT BIKE(S): Specialized Rockhopper, Specialized Tarmac, Pure Cycles Original
DREAM BIKE: S-Works Epic HT & S-Work Roubaix
OTHER PASSIONS: Technology, Photography, Baking, Travel, and Reading

Add a Post-em Note
There are no post-ems notes associated with this record.
About This Site
Thank you for visiting Iowa Gravestone Photo Project
On this site you can upload gravestone photos, locate ancestors and
perform useful genealogy research. If you have a relative buried in
Iowa, we encourage you to upload a digital image using our Submit a
Contributing to this archive helps an untold number of family
historians and genealogy researchers locate their relatives and
complete their family tree.
Searching for SARAH EVANS EVANS in Iowa County Iowa?
This site is designed to be helpful for anyone searching for:
- EVANS EVANS ancestors in Iowa County Iowa
- EVANS EVANS burials in Oak Hill Cemetery
- EVANS EVANS vital records in Iowa
- EVANS EVANS ancestors in Iowa
- EVANS EVANS genealogy records in Iowa
- EVANS EVANS surname records
- EVANS EVANS family tree
- EVANS EVANS burial records in Iowa

Litigation Lawyers in Fruita
In Fruita, Colorado "civil litigation" refers to the procedure through which a court decides legal disputes that are not criminal in nature. They can involve private and public entities.
It's essential to remember what purpose civil litigation in Fruita, Colorado is meant to serve. The purpose of civil litigation is not to punish individuals who have done wrong, or provide victims with some sort of moral vindication.
Fruita, Colorado civil litigation is alternatively designed to make sure that individuals who injure someone else due to intentional or negligent conduct are made to compensate their victims for the harm they caused. This compensation almost always takes the form of money. Other relief, such as injunctions, can also be made accessible under some circumstances, but this is rare.
Common subjects of civil litigation in Fruita, Colorado
Virtually anything can be the subject of civil litigation in Fruita, Colorado. After all, a legal wrong can be committed in just about any case imaginable. But, relatively few areas give rise to civil litigation most frequently in Fruita, Colorado.
Employment: There are various different ways in which the employer / employee relationship can lead to civil litigation in Fruita, Colorado. They include violation of wage and hour laws, discrimination, and injuries sustained on the job.
Personal Injury: When a person sustains a physical injury at the hands of someone else, either intentionally or negligently, they typically want the person who caused the injury to compensate them. In Fruita, Colorado, the most common way such compensation is sought is civil litigation, with the injured party asking a court to order the defendant to cover their medical expenses, lost wages, and other losses directly attributed to the defendant's conduct.
Family: Family relations in Fruita, Colorado can be a source of serious friction, as you may already know. The most serious disputes typically come up during and after a divorce, and often involve disagreements over the distribution of marital property, child custody, and child or spousal support.
How Can a Fruita, Colorado Lawyer Help?
Fruita, Colorado civil litigation can be pretty intricate, and often emotionally charged. Civil litigation issues can also arise when you least expect them.
So, consulting with a reliable Fruita, Colorado civil litigation attorney is never a bad idea, if you have reason to suspect that a case involving civil litigation is in your near future.

Personally, I love to use it. For some reason, first-person in most fics throw me off. I think it's because the voice is a little too intimate for me to be comfortable with. I can read origfic in first person, but not really in fanfic. It's weird. Third person can also be too distant. I like that Second person rests somewhere inbetween (at least when I read it). It gives you parts of both, sort of.

At Kernagis Dental Excellence, dental patients often ask how to get whiter teeth.
We’re happy to say that you are in luck when it comes to teeth whitening in Tampa, because cosmetic dentistry procedures like teeth whitening and veneers are safe, effective, and affordable.
What are your options for whiter teeth?
Some Tampa patients might be interested in bleaching their teeth at home. There are many affordable teeth whitening products available. Remember that even though you are doing this procedure at home, you should discuss it with your Tampa dentist and report any sensitivity that may occur.
There are many dentists in the Tampa area that offer in-office teeth bleaching. This can often be done in one visit. Patients appreciate the care that is given to protect the soft tissues of the mouth from the bleaching agent.
At Kernagis Dental Excellence you can whiten your teeth when it’s convenient for you. We offer extended weeknight and weekend hours.
As you can see, there are a lot of great ways to keep your teeth nice and white here in Tampa.
If you’re interested in any of these whitening methods or a complete smile makeover, call Kernagis Dental Excellence. Our comfortable staff will schedule a teeth whitening consultation at your convenience.
We hope to hear from you soon!
Contact Kernagis Dental Excellence:
Location (Tap to open in Google Maps):

Loyd Case, PC World
These days, most of your electronics have miniature computers built-in: Home-theater gear, handheld devices, phones, and even appliances now have embedded smarts in the form of a microprocessor, memory, and software. And just like computer software, firmware–the software that runs on your gadgets–needs periodic updating.
Believe it or not, many new gadgets aren’t 100 percent complete when you buy them. Though a spiffy electronic toy may perform its basic functions, some of its promised features may be absent or incomplete. And to keep up with ever-changing kinds of content, your devices may require software enhancements to give old hardware new features.
To avoid antagonizing customers who might spend hundreds of dollars on a cool piece of hardware only to find a few months later that it no longer worked, manufacturers design much of their gear to allow updates. You won’t be able to get every feature of the latest and greatest product via downloadable updates, but firmware revisions can make your old equipment run faster and crash less often.
What Is Firmware?
Firmware is software stored in persistent memory–usually either flash memory or programmable, rewritable ROM (read-only memory)–that’s built into the device. Unlike apps loaded into your PC’s RAM, firmware doesn’t get erased when you power the system down. Firmware may store just the basic software needed to start up the system–like a PC’s BIOS–or it may store the entire operating system and applications suites, as with smartphones.
Why Should I Update?
Users often wonder why they should update their firmware. The real answer is “it depends.” Many PC manufacturers and motherboard makers recommend that users not upgrade a system’s BIOS, for example, unless an actual problem arises, such as memory compatibility issues, or unless the user is installing a new, unsupported CPU.
On the other hand, a Blu-ray player needs to be updated frequently, because new features on the content discs may render them unplayable on old firmware. So before you rush out to update your coffeemaker’s firmware, check the manufacturer’s recommendation first; otherwise, you might risk bricking your device (turning it into a useless assemblage of silicon and plastic) for nothing.
Of course, if you’re running third-party firmware (as in the case of a “jailbroken” iPhone), all bets are off. In this article we don’t consider updates that break the manufacturer’s warranty, so if you’re installing custom, user-created firmware, you’re well beyond the scope of this story.
General Rules of Thumb for Updating Firmware
A few general rules for updating firmware apply to all devices. They’re simple, but critical:
- Confirm that you have reliable power. For standard PCs and other electronics that you plug into a wall, power isn’t a big issue. If you’re paranoid, you can connect a UPS (uninterruptible power supply) to your device before proceeding.
- Make sure that the hardware is plugged in. Never rely on battery power when updating your laptop’s BIOS or your phone’s firmware.
- Create a backup of your current firmware. Not all devices allow you to do this, but if you can, you should. If the new firmware introduces a bug, you may need to revert to an older version.
- Log your changes. Some firmware updates will reset your device’s settings to their default values, so document any adjustments you may have made before updating. That way, you can restore them properly. If the device allows it, save off settings to a file (this is common in routers, for example).
- Warn other users before updating your router. If you’re updating a network device, be sure to let all users know in advance that the network may go down briefly.
Okay, now let’s move on to the updating process itself.
PCs and Laptops
Today’s PC firmware falls into two categories: the traditional BIOS (Basic Input-Output System), and a newer kind called EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface). EFI is much more capable than the old BIOS routines, which are still mired in the 16-bit world. On the Windows PC side, most systems still use BIOS, while servers generally use EFI. Apple MacBooks, MacBook Pros, iMacs, and Mac Pros use EFI as well. Earlier Intel-based Macs use a firmware architecture built around the SMC (system management controller); but in recent Macs, EFI has superseded that arrangement.
Intel’s version of updating the BIOS from a flash memory key.Current PCs typically permit updating through the BIOS setup screen. Copy the BIOS update file to a USB flash memory stick, and then plug the USB stick into the system that you want to update. When you start up the system, press a key that launches the BIOS update application. Alternatively, press a keyboard key (usually Delete, but in some instances another key such as F2 or F10) to enter the BIOS setup program.
At this point, you’ll need to navigate to the device that contains the firmware update. To do this (typically), select the file name and press Enter to launch the update process.
Updating the BIOS from an executable file is even easier. All Intel-built motherboards are updatable through a Windows-based application. Some other motherboard makers make this feature available, too, in which case you download the BIOS update app and launch it from the desktop.
A few motherboard makers include apps for updating the BIOS over the Internet. If the prospect of a wonky Internet connection failing in mid-update makes you nervous, don’t worry: Usually the site will download the entire update before the update process starts.
Laptop and desktop systems with much older motherboards may require you to start up from a bootable floppy disk containing the BIOS update. The update may start automatically when you boot, or you may need to type a command at the command prompt; for details, print out the readme file for the update before you boot from the floppy.
To update a Mac, simply download the appropriate firmware update for you system and launch it from the Finder. The update will take a few minutes, and you must ensure uninterrupted power during that time.
Routers and Peripherals
Some PC peripherals, including hard drives, network-attached storage, and high-end monitors, may have updatable firmware. The instructions for installing updates vary considerably, so pay careful attention to the manufacturer’s documentation.
You can check for a router update over the Internet, and apply it only if you think you need it.Wi-Fi routers are perhaps the easiest peripherals to update; most have the capability built into their router management interface. We’ll use the update screen from a Netgear WNDR3700 as an example.
The Netgear interface tells you what the update may fix when installed, and it gives you the option to back out if you don’t think you need the update. Network-attached storage devices use a similar interface for firmware updates.
Monitors rarely need updates. In fact, most monitors don’t allow firmware updates, though I did perform an update on a high-end monitor a few years ago–from within a Windows app.
These days we’re starting to see more firmware updates for hard drives, especially solid-state drives, and these can be nerve-wracking to install. Before making any changes to a critical storage device, back it up! In at least two instances that I’m aware of, SSD firmware updates could brick the hardware, resulting in permanent loss of any data the drives might contain. Because the firmware updating process can be arcane, you should carefully study the documentation before updating.
As an example, updating an Intel X25-E solid-state drive involves downloading an ISO image, burning it to a CD, and then booting from the CD to install the firmware update. So you must be comfortable burning the CD and booting from it before you get to the firmware update process.
Perhaps the oddest firmware update I ever installed was for a Razer Mamba wireless mouse. The process involved unplugging the USB cable from the docking cradle and plugging it directly into the mouse–no updating over the wireless connection.
Sometimes even expansion cards need firmware updates. I’ve had to update graphics card firmware and network interface card firmware. In both cases, I had to run the updates from a command-line prompt, but was able to do so from within Windows.
One last rule of thumb: Whenever you update a PC peripheral, reboot the peripheral after installing the update (assuming that the device doesn’t restart automatically).
Mobile phones are usually very easy to update, and doing so is generally worthwhile: The updates may include critical security fixes, performance enhancements, and neat new features.
iPhones are easy to update: Plug your iPhone into your Mac or PC, and make sure iTunes is running. If a firmware update is available, click yes when asked whether you want to update.
Windows Mobile devices have become easier to install firmware updates on, but the process can still be somewhat esoteric.Many Windows Mobile updates may completely erase your phone, so be sure to do a sync to back up your contact, calendar, and other data from the phone before you proceed. Some phones update through ActiveSync; others rely on a dedicated app. First connect your Windows Mobile phone to your PC via USB to back up (sync), and then update. Read all dialog boxes carefully, and follow instructions carefully.
The update processes for Android phones are all over the map. Though you can manually download the firmware and update it, waiting for your cellular network to roll out the update may be a better approach. If you want to download and manually update the phone, start by downloading the latest version and copying it onto an SD card or to the phone’s storage via USB. Depending on the phone, performing the update will involve pressing some combination of phone buttons.
GPS Units, Digital Cameras, Media Players, and Handheld Gaming Devices
Normally, GPS devices are updated when new mapping data becomes available. Most off-the-shelf GPS units come with free updates for a set period of time; after that, you may have to pay for each update. GPS data tends to be quite massive, and updating the device may take an hour or more.
I recently upgraded my Garmin Nuvi handheld GPS unit. You can check for an update by downloading a Web browser plug-in that will determine whether your device needs an update (the GPS unit must be plugged into your PC via USB), or you can check by entering the device’s serial number. In either case, you then download a very large file that is both a Windows app and mapping data. Attach your GPS unit via USB, run the app, and let it update your firmware
Gaming devices like the Nintendo DS and Sony PSP update automatically over their network as needed. All you need is access to Wi-Fi. Though you can update these devices wirelessly, attaching them to wall power is preferable. If you go the wireless route, make sure that you have a healthy battery charge.
Digital cameras occasionally need firmware updates, whether they’re simple point-and-shoot cameras or professional-level digital SLRs. In most cases, to update the camera’s firmware, you download the update, copy it to a flash memory card, and insert the memory card into the camera. (Alternatively you can copy the update directly to a memory card in the camera, if it’s connected to your PC.) Then either select an entry from the camera’s built-in menu or press some combination of buttons to load the update. Usually, you’ll have to copy the firmware file to the top level (root) of the memory card, not to a subfolder.
To update a media player like Apple’s iPod or Microsoft’s Zune, attach the player to your PC and run the appropriate app (iTunes or Zune software.) Then updates occur almost automatically; just click Yes if prompted to update. Zune updates are almost always required if you want to continue to use the Zune store; iPod updates are optional in many instances.
Other music players, such as the Archos, typically copy the downloaded firmware file to the device over a USB connection, at which point you disconnect it and the update occurs automatically. In some cases, you may have to run a Windows app.
Firmware Updates for Your Home Theater
Firmware updates are relatively new to the world of living-room electronics. After all, you don’t typically think of “booting your TV”–you just turn it on.
But as consumer electronics gear becomes smarter and more capable, it also has a greater need for firmware updates. The two primary candidates for upgrades are Blu-ray players and HDTVs; but as other gear (such as A/V receivers) become networkable devices, firmware updates become available for them, too.
For example, I recently updated the firmware in my Onkyo TX-NR3007 A/V receiver, which solved an HDMI sync problem the unit was having. Such updates sometimes even fix problems you might have assumed were just a quirk of your HDTV set–problems with audio/video on certain ports cutting out, unexpected freezing and power cycling, image-processing errors, and more.
Most consumer electronics equipment is updated in one of the three following ways (though other techniques, such as updating through a serial port, also exist).
ISO file burned to CD: Some older Blu-ray players didn’t have a network capability and lacked USB ports. The only way to update them was to burn the downloaded firmware file to a CD and then install them via either a menu selection or a combination of remote-control button presses. Even some premium DVD players from a few years ago required this type of updating.
Despite talk (as the standard was being fleshed out) of using actual Blu-ray content discs to automatically install firmware updates, this feature seems not to have been realized in actual products.
Firmware copied to USB flash drive: This updating method is most common in situations where a network connection is unavailable or unreliable. I have updated several HDTVs via flash drive.
Firmware directly downloaded from the Internet: This is an increasingly prevalent method for updating firmware. Let’s look at a couple of examples.
Installing a firmware update on the Panasonic DMP-BD85 is tricky because finding the right menu selection for installation can be a chore.You can set up a Panasonic DMP-BD85 Blu-ray player to automatically inform you of new firmware updates, as long as it’s connected to the Internet. However, the actual update screen is buried in the menus inside of the ‘others’ main menu selection–it’s not in the ‘network’ menu selection.
Updating the Onkyo TX-NR3007 receiver’s firmware is pretty straightforward, thanks to the peripheral’s intuitive placement of menu options.In the case of the Onkyo TX-NR3007 receiver, the update firmware menu is appropriately listed in the ‘Hardware Setup’ part of the setup menu.
Quite a few users have game consoles as part of their home theater setups. Updating the firmware on current-generation units is simple, because it’s required. For example, the Xbox 360 needs to have an always-on connection to the Internet in order to make available most of its services, though you can play single-player games without a connection. When the console detects a new system update, a dialog box pops up and informs you that you’ll be logged off the network if you don’t install it.
These updates can add some fairly significant features–Microsoft revamped the whole user interface with the New Xbox Experience patch, and Sony added 3D gaming support to the PS3 (with 3D Blu-ray support coming in September)–so it’s a good idea to stay on top of them.
If you’re at all concerned about updating the firmware on your device, it’s worth cruising some key online forums to see whether the updates are working–or are useful. With devices such as smartphones, you might want to take a wait-and-see attitude. Apple supports iOS 4 on the iPhone 3G, for example, but users have reported significant performance decreases following the firmware update.
As we’ve seen, the process of updating your gear’s firmware can be easy or complicated, depending on the age and design of the hardware. Nevertheless, it’s usually worthwhile to perform the update, because you’ll get bug fixes and, often, new features. So the next time a message pops up on your Blu-ray player or handheld device prompting you to update your firmware, give serious consideration to saying yes.

This poem was inspired by this wonderful drawing by Kira of Kira’s Sunday Scribbles.
If you want to join in the challenge of writing something inspired by this great picture, click on this link below:
I have also included in my poem the following word prompts:
The Haunted House
As I walked into the place
I saw a strange face
On the mantlepiece wall
The eyes followed me around
And to my horror I found
A man standing there in the hall.
He wore a zombie disguise
And I hate those guys
So, I ran away up the stairs
With a chainsaw he chased
But I had him outpaced
And I hid and said a few prayers.
I pulled open a drawer
Then fell through the floor
And landed on a mattress below.
How the crowds laughed!
For it wasn’t witchcraft,
It was all part of a Halloween show.
Copyright: Kristian Fogarty 22/October/2018

Small Sample Inferences for Normal Populations
Collecting a Sample of Lengths of Anacondas
Jesus Rivas, a herpetologist, is currently doing the definitive research on green anacondas. These snakes, some of the largest in the world, can grow to 25 feet in length. They have been known to swallow live goats and even people.
During the dry season Jesus Rivas and fellow researchers walk barefoot in shallow water in the Llanos grasslands shared by Venezuela and Colombia. When they feel a snake with their feet, they grab and hold it with the help of another person. After muzzling the snake with a sock and tape, they place a string along an imaginary centerline from head to tail. The measured length of string is the recorded length of the anaconda.
Females are typically larger than males. The lengths (feet) of 21 females are
If the captured snakes can be treated as a random sample, a 95% confidence interval for the mean length of a female anaconda in that area is given in the computer output

Michelle's Blog — quilt show patterns
Posted by Michelle Dorsey on
THANK YOU Thomas Sewing Center, Inc. for the adorable display of my patterns and samples in your Janome booth!
- 0 comment
- Tags: janome, mesquite quilt show, quilt show, quilt show patterns, sewing, sewing patterns, sewmichelle patterns, sewmichelle samples, thomas sewing center in mesquite

Professional Wealth Management Services Limited was set up on Thursday the 3rd of September 2009. Their current partial address is Dublin 12, and the company status is Normal. The company's current directors have been the director of 1 other Irish company between them; 1 of which is now closed. According to our records, Professional Wealth Management Services Limited has had a judgment registered against it. Professional Wealth Management Services Limited has 2 shareholders.
- Company Name:Professional Wealth Management Services Limited
- Time in Business:11 Years
- Company Number:474893
- Size:Micro Company
- Current Status:NORMAL
- Phone:+353 (0)1 450 7474
- Principal Activity: ? [91.12] Activities of Professional Organizations
- May Trade As:
- Disclaimer: Other Details
- Please note the 'other details' displayed above are collected from a variety of public sources and are appended to this report for your convenience. As they are non-CRO data, we can not vouch for their accuracy or timeliness. To update contact details on this company simply email us
- Registered Address:17 Bridgecourt Office Park Office Park,
Full Company Vitals, including Directors & Mortgages
Purchase either the Standard Company Report or a Credit Report to view details on the directors of this company.
A judgment has been registered against Professional Wealth Management Services Limited.
Search all Registered Bad Debt Judgments for Co. Name matches.
|ACCOUNTS CERTIFICATION PAGE||2||31/05/2020||25/06/2020|
|B1 ANNUAL RETURN||8||31/05/2020||25/06/2020|
|ACCOUNTS CERTIFICATION PAGE||2||31/05/2019||21/06/2019|
|CERTIFICATE - NEW COMPANY WITHOUT CAPITAL DUTY||2||03/09/2009||20/08/2009|
“Good company which has provided my company with great pension and risk management advice,,
“Great dependable to deal with,,
“Great friendly service which is clear and concise to understand. Very focused on what they are doing,,

client’s cancellation policy
1) If you cancel your booking 30 days before the date of the excursion, you will be totally reimbursed.
2) If you cancel it 15 days before the date of the excursion, you will be reimbursed half the amount you have already paid.
3) If you don’t show up for the scheduled excursion, no refund will be issued.
4) If the weather is not good enough to guarantee your safety during the excursion, you will be totally reimbursed or, alternatively, you will have the opportunity to reschedule it.
cancellation made by us
– Total reimbursement.
– A voucher usable within a year

Give us a call today, or come by our showroom. Take a look at our great selection. We have everything for your kitchen and bath remodel or build. We have countertops in marble, granite and quartz, cabinets and vanities, backsplash tiles, and hardware. Our experts can help you design the perfect look for your home!
Fredericksburg, TX 78624

Ever since I read Treasure Island as a child I developed a great interest in the sea. I always felt that it was so mysterious and poetic and devoured books about shipwrecks (as I still do now), pirates and battles at sea. This was greatly assisted by the fact that my Dad was in the navy for all of my childhood, sailing off to foreign lands (like the Falklands, from where he sent me a cuddly penguin I still cherish). To this day I still adore anything nautical, in fact I met my other half on a sailing trip and we both work for the same maritime organisation (him training operational staff, me, rather less excitingly, working in the Press Office). It’s strange to think that shipping incidents and people in distress at sea are now the things that wake me up in the middle of the night when I’m on call. My love of nauticalia definitely extends to my fashion choices; from dresses with boat prints, to Breton tops, to anything that pairs navy and white together. I had been lusting after this gorgeous Vero Moda Sailor Dress on Room 31 for some time, so when they contacted me to ask if I wanted to feature something from their website on my blog it was a very easy choice! I do feel like a little sailor in it!
|Karoline Sailor Collar White Pleated Dress – Room31.co.uk – £48|
I’ve raved on about how much I love Room 31 in a previous post so I won’t do it again here but what I will say is that they are well worth a follow on Twitter, not only because they tweet about their lovely stock (and bloggers wearing it!) but also because, if you’re lucky, they do tend to tweet some great discount codes! Their sales are also brilliant, picked up several lovely things in their last one.
On a final note, have you spotted my new haircut? I got it chopped on Thursday night, I do like it but I am still getting used to having a fringe! I’ve also spotted that my wrists look so bare in these photos – I’m usually found with several bracelets on at once but I’m currently hunting for the perfect charm bracelet as I have my eye on some items on Essence Charms – I love the little camera charm!

The Composer, 2o17
Dor Guez’s solo exhibition at the Museum for Islamic Art presents the third installation of his large-scope project, “The Sick man of Europe,” whose previous parts were shown in several venues around the world. The project’s title quotes a term coined in the late nineteenth century to describe the moribund and disintegrating Ottoman Empire. Using this term, Guez examines the cultural and national history of some of the states that had emerged from the Ottoman debris through the personal stories of creators and intellectuals who stopped creating in the wake of traumatic events in the history of their nations. Guez’s perception of Armenian architecture, composing, photography and ceramics as a negative print transforms the whole exhibition into an allegory on the story of the Armenian minority within the Ottoman Empire, or of a form within a form, a space within a space.
In this exhibition, Guez presents the story of Hagop, an Armenian composer whose family was expelled from Kütahya to Jerusalem during World War I. The show begins with a display of ceramic objects that were manufactured in Iznik and Kütahya, two world renowned centers of Armenian ceramic production. Guez found these items in the museum’s collection and showing them alongside the museum’s archival index card, which registered them all as Turkish. In the centerpiece of the exhibition, a video work, Guez accompanies the Armenian composer Hagop on his first visit to holy places in contemporary Armenia. Pointing to a link between his compositional work and Armenia’s landscapes, the composer is set on completing his Armenian musical pieces only after visiting Armenia. On their way to the holy places, an archival radio conversation between Komitas and Suni, two well known early twentieth-century Armenian composers, is heard in the background. The two compare composing to a journey and point to a connection between the art of musical composition the landscape of Armenia. The video work is enclosed on both sides by a series of light boxes. The lightbox images seem at first glance as ornaments taken from the painted tiles shown at the entrance to the exhibition, but a closer look reveals that these are reproductions of ground plans of Armenian churches with their characteristic differing exteriors and interiors.
The exhibition closes with a series of vitrines containing prints reproduced from glass slides, which show images that have appeared as negatives in the video work.
Video , 10 min, 2017
Each 110x150x5 cm

Podcasting still mostly a man's world
The audience for podcasts is relatively small and mostly male, according to a new survey from Podtrac, a company that tracks audience figures for individual podcasts.
Mediaweek reports that the research found roughly a third of the thousand Web users surveyed said they have heard of the term "podcasting." Among that group, just 32 percent have actually listened to a podcast. Of those who have listened to podcasts, 78 percent were men, according to the study.
The medium's male-heavy demographics are typical of newer, technology-based media, according to Podtrac officials, similar to the early days of the Internet.

Your Tcn Cortina 2 Bkn
This swimsuit has the curtain top and is tied to the neck and back with straps that can be tied in a knot and can be adjusted to the best extent, made with 100% cotton fabric for comfort. The bottom is a basic panty that is tied with two knots on the sides and can be adjusted to the most appropriate measure and the outside is gathered. Around the bikini, it has an embroidery of another color.
Warning: Last items in stock!
See your free shipping options for this product. Shipping times
Return & exchange
if you are not happy with your purchase you can return it to us within 14 days for an exchange or refund. More info

8 August 1755–30 April 1834
We Have More About This Ancestor!
We have more information about this person. Create your free account now to see all the information we have about this person.
Birth • 3 Sources
8 August 1755
Yadkin, Rowan, North Carolina, British Colonial America
Death • 2 Sources
30 April 1834
Butler, Kentucky, United States
No Image Available
North Carolina Probate Records, 1735-1970; pal:/MM9.3.1/TH-195-376237-1-47
SPOUSES AND CHILDREN
It's all about family. FamilySearch is a nonprofit family history organization dedicated to connecting families across generations. FamilySearch believes that families bring joy and meaning to life.

Finding the perfect ink is hard. I by myself am on the search for the perfect dark, deep blue. I went for Asa Blue, Majestic Blue, Sargasso Sea and Oxford Blue in 80 ml flasks. My free samples are Sapphire Blue and Midnight Blue.
For my use (dark, deep blue) I like Asa Blue the least. It's too bright for my taste and has lots of green in it.
Majestic Blue and Oxford Blue are the ones I like the most so far.
The shading of Oxford Blue is absolutely stunning.

For The Sunday Whirl: Wordle #212
escape, way, veins, feast, torn, broke,
generate, engine, laugh, sack, ghost, empty
For Sundays Whirligig: #20
mortuary, motor, many, midnight, mouths, mariachis,
mutants, magician, meth, missed, more, maybe
And For Poets United: Poetry Pantry #265
Maybe because the magician used meth,
he spent many hours trying to find a way
to escape the motor-mouthed ghosts
and mutants who generated insane mariachi
type music in his emptied, messed up mind.
Perhaps he missed the laughter and former
feasts he’d once enjoyed with family and friends
that now, only raggedly moved at darkest midnight
through the emptied sack of his torn and tattered
Knew in his veins, that he was broken.
Just a rusted engine rotting slowly in backyard
weeds of life. No more tricks to perform. Final
disappearing act gone unnoticed, never to be seen
by still breathing mortals.
Elizabeth Crawford 8/16/1
Notes: How to explain? I can’t, lol. I’ve been using the two word lists for a while, but when I hit mortuary and meth, it sort of focused in here and didn’t want to leave. So I followed. Used all of the words but substituted mortals for mortuary. The image was created because this piece made me think in these colors so I played with them.

Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
French Island, island within the bay of Western Port, southern Victoria, Australia, southeast of Melbourne, 84 square miles (218 square km) in area. Named Ile de France by the French scientist and explorer Nicolas Baudin in the early 19th century, the island is low and marshy in the northwest, rising to wooded hills. Farming is carried out on the island, and there is some tourism. The island harbours many birds, koalas, and rat kangaroos (potoroos). Pop. (2001) statistical local area, 81; (2011) gazetted locality, 116.
Learn More in these related Britannica articles:
Western PortFrench Island (84 square miles [218 square km]) fills much of the bay’s interior. The discovery of large deposits of oil and natural gas off the Gippsland coast in the 1960s has led to the development of the Western Port area as a zone of…
Victoria, state of southeastern Australia, occupying a mountainous coastal region of the continent. Victoria is separated from New South Wales to the north by the Murray River for a length of about 1,065 miles (1,715 km) and by an additional boundary of some 110 miles (180 km) linking Cape Howe…
Australia, the smallest continent and one of the largest countries on Earth, lying between the Pacific and Indian oceans in the Southern Hemisphere. Australia’s capital is Canberra, located in the southeast between the larger and more important economic and cultural centres of Sydney and Melbourne.…

Resilience: Stacking the Odds for Wellness
Your Guide to Building Resilience
Everyday life may present challenges, but we may better manage day-to-day difficulties by learning tools to enhance resilience.
We build resilience — the ability to bounce back from hard times and step forward with hope — through intention and practice. In this course, you’ll learn what it means to be resilient and how you may cultivate it in yourself.
The course is presented in individual lessons. Proceed at your own pace, try out the suggestions, and return as often as you wish.
Building resilience can provide tools for managing tough day-to-day situations, but our responses to difficulties are influenced by different factors. Sometimes, those factors involve health concerns that require professional diagnosis and attention. This course is not a substitute for medical or mental health diagnosis or care.
- Dr. Jody Horstman, Ph.D., licensed clinical psychologist, clinical addiction counselor, and CPG Steps to Wellness faculty
- Krishna Dholakia, Senior Health Education Specialist, Registered Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, Health Coach, and Yoga Instructor
Approximately 15 minutes per section
Stacking the Odds for Wellness: Course Introduction
Not sure if this course is for you? Start here. You’ll find an overview of the crucial role resilience may play in our lives, and meet your guide for this course, Jody Horstman, Ph.D. Using a brief video explanation and some quick interactions, this short segment offers a helpful way to begin.
A Healthier You: Build Your Resilience with Sleep, Nutrition, Activity, and Play
Did you know that a good night’s sleep and a healthy snack are two simple ways to help build your resilience? Here, you’ll explore some surprising benefits using four routes to better health: Sleep, Nutrition, Activity, and Play.
The Power of “We”: The Real Impact of Relationships
Is it healthier to be a loner or have a bevy of friends? The answer lies in the quality of our relationships. Find out how the connections you have to the people in your life are linked to well-being.
How to Manage Stressful Situations: Learning to Regulate Your Emotions
Managing emotions in tense or difficult situations can depend on how we handle the first eight seconds of an emotionally charged encounter. Learn effective strategies for dialing down drama and responding to challenges in intentional ways.
Practicing Gratitude: The Change that Happens with “Thank You”
When we thread our lives with gratefulness, we maybetter respond to life’s difficulties with resilience. Learn about the change that happens with “Thank You.”
Have You Thought of This? How Your Thinking Can Shape Your Life
Do you externalize, personalize, jump to conclusions, believe you can read other people’s minds? Our thinking has a decisive impact on how we respond to difficult situations. Learn to use your thinking to help shape your life in a positive way.
Yes, I Can! Using Self-efficacy to Empower Your Best Self
When we believe in our ability to handle life’s challenges, that sense of capability may help us succeed. Here, you’ll learn to use self-efficacy to help empower your best self.
Audio / Video
Courses may include audio and video. Turn your audio ON. Earphones or a headset may be necessary, depending on your viewing situation.
Self-assessments and text fields request personal input. By entering information, you will be better able to engage in the process. The information you provide will not be retained permanently by the Church Pension Group. Your information will only be available to you during your individual session.
You’ll find fictitious characters and scenarios used in this course to illustrate points and explain concepts.
Links to External Content
To ensure that links to content outside the course open correctly, change your browser preferences to “open links in a new window.”

Investor Ideas talks to CEO SinglePoint, Inc. (OTC: $SING) about The Future of the #Cannabis Sector and How their Acquisition Strategy is Key to Growth
Point Roberts, WA - June 1, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) Investorideas.com, a global news source covering leading sectors including cannabis and hemp releases an exclusive podcast interview with Greg Lambrecht, CEO of SinglePoint, Inc. (OTC: SING).
Hear the full podcast here: http://www.investorideas.com/Audio/Podcasts/053017-GregLambrecht-SinglePoint.mp3
Recent acquisitions have given SinglePoint, Inc. a strong footing to take advantage of California's recreational marijuana legalization next year.
SinglePoint CEO Greg Lambrecht said the company's acquisition of Convectium, which supplies hardware solutions to the cannabis industry, will have a major impact on the market.
"We've made two acquisitions in the last three months. One of them is called Convectium and they have a machine that has solved the problem of people filling the vials with the oil by hand," he said.
Lambrecht is referring to the 710Shark, which is an oil cartridge filling machine that can fill 100 cartridges in less than a minute. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLSvSVci6gI)
Lambrecht also talked about SinglePoint's most recent acquisition of Discount Indoor Garden Supply ("DIGS").
"The other company we acquired is called DIGS. They have an online presence, they have two retail stores and also a consulting service--all in the cannabis vertical," he said.
DIGS sells growing equipment, supplies and accessories to both commercial and individual growers. This acquisition is important because once the new law takes effect in California, people aged 21 and over will be able to grow up to six plants in their own homes.
Lambrecht is particularly enthusiastic about California, which being the world's sixth largest economy, holds a lot of market opportunities for an emerging industry like cannabis.
"It's a 'green' rush," he said. "We're really moving forward with acquisitions and we're really excited about California in particular because, as we know, it's opening up in January of 2018. It's such a large state, it's like a small country and the business there is going to be pretty amazing."
To hear more Investorideas.com podcasts visit: http://www.investorideas.com/Audio/.
Investorideas.com podcasts are also available on iTunes, Google Play Music, Stitcher and Tunein.
About SinglePoint, Inc.
SinglePoint, Inc. (OTC:SING) has grown from a full-service mobile technology provider to a publicly traded holding company. Through diversification into horizontal markets, SinglePoint is building its portfolio by acquiring an interest in undervalued subsidiaries, thereby providing a rich, diversified holding base. Through its subsidiary company SingleSeed the company is providing products and services to the cannabis industry.
About Investorideas.com - News that Inspires Big Ideas
Investorideas.com is a meeting place for global investors, featuring news, stock directories, video, podcasts, company profiles, interviews and more in leading sectors.
Investorideas.com cannabis/marijuana and hemp content now includes http://cannabisstocknews.blogspot.com on Blogger.com: the Investorideas.com news and stock directory pages, a cannabis investor group on Linkedin.com, the 420 Cannabis Investor ideas www.420cannabisinvestorideas.com and the new AI site Global Cannabis Investing at www.Globalcannabisinvesting.com
Follow Investorideas.com on Twitter http://twitter.com/#!/Investorideas
Follow Investorideas.com on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/Investorideas
Disclosure: SinglePoint, Inc. (OTC: $SING) is featured on the 420 Cannabis Investor Ideas of 2017 at www.420cannabisinvestorideas.com
Disclaimer: This directory is not a recommendation to buy or sell securities or products or services Investorideas.com charges a fee for placement. The directory is not an endorsement or recommendation but meant to be an investor resource/ due diligence tool.
Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp. Disclosure: Companies Featured on the 420 Cannabis Investor Ideas have paid a one-time fee of Up to $1000 to be featured on the directory and is also a featured cannabis company for news and PR, social media for one month. Renewed May 25 2017 for 3 months at one thousand per month
Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 - all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country.

Category - cumshot
Itching or irritation anywhere on the body can cause discomfort. But when it occurs in an area as sensitive as the vagina and vulva (the labia, clitoris, and vaginal opening), it can be especially. However, persistent itching, burning, and irritation may be a sign of infection or another underlying condition. Vaginal pinworm infections can also cause vaginal itching however, this type of infection is common in children. Excessive stress and a weak immune system can increase the likelihood of suffering from this uncomfortable problem. In addition to itching and burning sensations, there can be redness and swelling in and around the vagina and vulva. Therefore vaginal symptoms may include symptoms involving the vulva and labia. Some of the more common symptoms include redness, dryness, swelling and discharge. Abnormal vaginal bleeding, vaginal discharge and vaginal itching are discussed separately. Often more than one symptom occurs at the same time and this should be noted as it may. irritation usually refers to pain, itching, or swelling in the vaginal area. It can affect any part of your vulva, including your labia, clitoris, urethra, and vaginal opening. Vaginal itching and irritation can occur even if you dont have a vaginal infection. Vaginal itching and irritation are usually characterized by a tingling, stinging or burning sensation of the external skin surrounding the vaginal area. vaginal creams used to treat yeast infections (ironically, theres yeast infection burning and then theres the vaginal cream (miconazole nitrate) that is commonly prescribed for vaginal yeast infections that has side effects like vaginal irritation, burning, redness and itching. No woman can escape vaginal itching and burning at some point of her life. In many cases it is related to natural body activity and does not represent any problem. However, it is important to have your health controlled, understand the symptoms and possible health issues behind them. symptoms include itching of the vaginal and vulva, burning, redness. Irritant contact dermatitis of the vagina contact irritant dermatitis of the vagina occurs when there is an irritant of some sort that causes damage to the skin. doctors on cleveland clinic say that vaginal infections or inflammation may cause burning, itching sensation and abnormal discharge. They say that the itching can affect women at any time of the day, but is mostly annoying during the night and may disturb your sleep.

A dog has been nominated for ‘Britain’s bravest pet’ after paragliding off mountain edges with his owners.
Courageous cockapoo Henry loves getting strapped into the paragliding harness to soar into the air.
Unlike other dogs, Henry swaps going on walks for regular flights over the rolling hills of Wales and even the Alps, strapped to the laps of owner Amy Jones, 38 and her partner Joe McCarthy, 39.
As a result, Henry has been nominated for Britain’s bravest pet and will travel to London for a lavish awards ceremony.
He faces stiff competition from three other finalists at the Amplifon Awards for Brave Britons, which ‘celebrate the achievements of exceptional people and animals from all walks of life’.
Amy, who runs a roofing company with her dad, said: ‘Henry is hilarious – his expressions are very funny because he is always so happy.
‘We go over to the Alps every year in a VW campervan and Henry comes with us and flies.
‘As soon as he gets his harness on to paraglide you can tell he wants to go – as soon as it is on, he’s ready.
‘But Joe and I are very active and he does everything with us.
‘We take him to Lake Annecy where he flies, swims and cycles in the trailer – it’s great.
‘Passersby expect it to be a kid in the back but then they see his little head. People think we are bonkers but it’s so funny.’
Got a story for Metro.co.uk?
Sign Up for News Updates
Get your need-to-know latest news, feel-good stories, analysis and more
Not convinced? Find out more »

We have upgraded our technical platform to make online sales even smooother than before.
This means that there is a new version of your current Klarna solution, and it’s time for you to upgrade. By doing so, your store will be equipped to receive the latest improvements and new features. You’ll be ready for the future to come.
By upgrading to the new Klarna solution, you’ll get access to several tools that aren’t available anywhere else, including instant shopping buttons and business intelligence inside our Merchant Portal. You’ll also get exclusive access to all the upcoming features that Klarna develops.
The platform enables us to update and add features to the checkout without any down time or the need for you to manually update your solution. Ever!
Start accepting payments from global customers around the world through a single integration.
Keep your current agreement, along with same price settings*. No hassle, just smoooth.
* If you upgrade your existing Klarna Checkout to Klarna Checkout v3 or if you upgrade your existing Klarna Payment Method to Klarna Payments – Pay later and Slice it.
What’s in it for you?
What’s so good about the new version? The answer: the following things, and much more.
Instant shopping buttons are checkouts you can put anywhere on product pages, influencer blogs, and soon, social media pages. Easily integrate a one-click purchase experience.
Access to the Insights app in our Merchant Portal, you’ll find up-to-date insights about your sales performance, customer demographics, and other valuable insights.
Access to fresh Klarna-branded advertising assets. Let your customers know what their financing and payment options are before they enter the checkout. This will boost your average basket amount, and increase conversion.
Klarna Shipping Service collects and dynamically displays all available shipping methods in a simple but informative way.
More flexible architecture allows our new checkout to deliver more features faster. That means more upgrades and better performance that don’t require you to do anything.
How do I upgrade?
Get in touch with Klarna’s sales department or your contact at Klarna, we will guide you through the process. Here are the common FAQs.
If you use Merchant Portal or Klarna Online, we will gradually start to launch a self-service wizard which will let you upgrade without manual intervention from us.
You can find all the integration guides and API documents for Klarna Checkout here and for Klarna Payments here.
Why should you upgrade?
All future enhancements will happen on the new integration while our older versions in the long run will no longer be supported.
When Outnorth changed to Klarna Checkout their conversion increased.
Outnorth is a leading onlineplayer within the outdoor segment in the Nordics with a turnover of 530 mSEK in 2018. Their goal is to get more people to spend time outdoors. They sell globally with regional websites in Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark and Germany.
“We’ve been working with Klarna for one and a half year. We decided to go for Klarna to get a smoother back-office routine, a partner that want to grow in the same pace as we do, and to increase our conversion rate. Klarna and Outnorth share the vision of constantly improving the customer experience, and we feel that Klarna is engaged in our ideas and suggestions. In regards to the most important objective; to increase our conversion rate, Klarna has been a cornerstone in the work of increasing our mobile conversion with 25 %.”
Ola Fors, Online Store Manager at Outnorth
Upon its launch in 2012, Klarna Checkout was the first complete checkout solution within the e-commerce industry.
It has left an indisputable impact on fintech worldwide. Since launch, Klarna Checkout has fundamentally altered expectations of how online shopping should work. These days, one rule applies: it should be smoooth.
As the ever-changing landscape of e-commerce and fintech continue to expand, the Klarna Checkout needs to evolve with the future in mind. That’s why we are proud to present our latest version of Klarna Checkout.
Designed to lead online shoppers across the globe into a smooth future, the new Klarna Checkout is built on an improved technical platform, providing new features for merchants, and a more streamlined experience for shoppers.
In addition you’ll get..
One simple integration gives you access to 168 markets. Sell globally while at the same time providing a local experience in all Klarna’s primary markets. To access our global solution, contact your regional Klarna sales department when your upgrade is complete. The transaction fee for global is 2,79% + 0,35 € within EEA and 4,99% + 0,35 € outside of EEA.
Better checkout. Same pricing.
Keep your price settings while getting the latest version filled with new features and tools, just for you.
In 2005, we launched our first pay after delivery-solution, called Klarna Payment Method. It has lived a long and successful life, but it is time to take things to the next level. We are therefore proud to present a faster, safer, and better solution: Klarna Payments.
Developed with the future in mind, Klarna Payments has been created to replace the old Klarna Payment Method. It is designed to provide shoppers across the globe with the most user friendly experience possible.
By upgrading to the New Klarna solution, you’ll get access to two payment options; Pay Later, and Slice it. You can choose to have both, or pick your preferred choice.
In the long run, we will stop supporting the old solution. Which is why we strongly recommend that you upgrade your solution to Klarna Payments. You will not regret it!
In addition you’ll get..
One simple integration gives you access to any Klarna Payment method you want. Choose between Pay Later and Slice it, or why not both of them?
Subscription and recurring
Offer recurring payments, subscriptions and on-demand services with Pay later for both digital and physical. Services or goods, your choice. To access this feature, contact your regional Klarna sales department when your upgrade is complete.
Give your customers a full prefill experience when they checkout with Klarna. Prefilled details increases conversion.
Access new markets
Start selling with Klarna in United Kingdom and North America. Also, all new markets Klarna will add in the future.

Tech crew for spring musicals
Attending UC Davis in the fall as an animal science major on the "pre-vet" track
Message from Family
Congratulations on your graduation (and Happy 18th Birthday on June 5)! You've worked hard for 13 long years -- only 8 more to go! You're the best oldest daughter / sister / pet buddy a family could hope for. As you prepare to move on to the next chapter in your life, know that you will leave behind a huge void: who will feed the dogs? who will do Kate's laundry? who will laugh hysterically at literally nothing?
May the Lord watch over you at UC Davis. Remember to "exult in your tribulations, knowing that tribulation brings about perseverance; and perseverance, proven character; and proven character, hope." And when you're not busy persevering, have fun (but not too much), and pet lots of cows. We're proud of you, and we love you!
I will leave you with the wise words of one of your favorite poets (which are better read than heard):
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road
Time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go
So make the best of this test and don't ask why
It's not a question, but a lesson learned in time
It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right
I hope you had the time of your life
Mom, Dad, Kate, Sally, Echo, and Sparky (who will be going to college with you, right???)
Leave a message for
If you are a LGHS student, use your school email address
Messages will be reviewed and approved before posting to the senior's page. No content will be posted if it includes a personal attack, is illegal, racist, discriminatory, contains misinformation, links to outside sites, or is deemed inappropriate. It is the sole discretion of the graduation celebration committee in determining whether to post a comment or not. Posting messages will be available from Monday, June 1 to Sunday, June 14.

Our clients dream big and we turn those dreams into a beautiful reality. See our amazing results!
As your business grows, so does your audience. Do new potential clients know how or where to find you?
Still using the same website from 2009—what does it say about your business more than a decade later?
On average, Thallo clients experience 10% to 20% increase in revenue after rebranding their business.
Nothing communicates change or modern updates faster—with more positivity—than an effective + smart rebrand.
Rebrand the essential + most commonly used marketing assets including:
Upgrade your digital footprint + presence with the following:
Spread the word about your business with a successful campaign:
Not sure which package is right for you? Use the Brand Audit below to figure out the strengths + weaknesses of your current brand marketing or contact us for a free initial consultation!
The Brand Audit is a comprehensive examination of your current business, the results of which help create an effective marketing strategy to grow your business. This includes market research, customer evaluations, competitive brand analysis and strategic recommendations based so that your business can move forward—with or without us!
Real deliverables that you can start using immediately to attract new clients—with or without us!
With 17+ years of experience, Thallo uses the same proven marketing + creative strategies as Fortune 500 companies.
Multiple + gorgeous design solutions for every problem to reach goals + position your business for success.
Thallo Design is a female + minority owned business certified by WBENC, WSOB, DBE and more.

08 Aug 2020 Stock ownership by institutional investors cause higher stock price volatility, inefficiency and fragility, study finds
According to a recent study, institutional investors, among which BlackRock, Vanguard, Fidelity, JPMorgan, are responsible for increasing price volatility and mispricing in company stocks. Moreover, stocks with higher ownership by such investors show greater price drops during periods of market turmoil. The findings of this study provide implications for the regulatory system, adding to the debate on the optimal size of asset management firms.
A study by four finance professors, Itzhak Ben-David, Francesco Franzoni, Rabih Moussawi and John Sedunov (June, 2020), has found evidence that the 10 larger institutional investors’ trading activities are responsible for increasing stock price volatility and mispricing in company stocks. In relation to this, the study shows that stocks with higher ownership by such investors show greater price drops during periods of market turmoil, when institutional investors engage in extensive divestments which consequently lead to depressed stock prices.
Since 1980, the top 10 institutional investors have increased fourfold their investments in the US stocks, reaching in 2016 a cumulative holding of the 26.5% of the market. Among these institutional investors we find BlackRock, Vanguard, Fidelity, JPMorgan.
The authors of the study have also investigated the channels behind these effects. Empirical evidence supports the reasoning that top institutions are granular, meaning that capital flow and trading strategies are more correlated across divisions within the same institution than across smaller independent traders. The authors interpret this finding as the result of centralized functions and corporate identity which influence and lead to “family-wide” investment decisions, as well as a result of cross-selling practices.
By analyzing the daily return autocorrelation, the authors also found that stocks largely held by those large institutions show more negatively autocorrelated returns. Such finding is consistent with the theory that “large investors impound liquidity shocks into prices, which then revert, and lead to noisier prices”.
These discoveries are in contrast with BlackRock’s statement that the growth in trading has positively affected the efficiency of stock price discovery, and have been rejected by Vanguard which affirmed that none of its internal studies have found such a relationship between volatility and trading volume growth.
The findings of this study provide implications for the regulatory system, adding to the debate on the optimal size of asset management firms. In this regard, the authors conclude that: “[…] combining different institutions within a unique conglomerate affects the “production function” of all the entities involved. Access to capital as well as the investment and trading activities of the various components within a conglomerate display a higher correlation than is the case for independent firms. This correlated behavior, combined with the sheer size of the conglomerates, has repercussions on asset price stability that are mostly felt during times of market stress. This last consideration in particular supports the regulatory concerns, and it suggests that excessive concentration in the asset management industry may pose a systemic risk. Of course, any regulatory action should weigh the decrease in price efficiency and the increased potential of large price drops against the economies scale in information production and trading that large institutions can achieve and can pass on to their clients“.
For further information, see the following links:

Loyola’s online MSN/MBA consists of 67 credit hours, which includes:
- 36 MSN credit hours, taken in the Healthcare Systems Administration & Leadership track, as well as 180 practicum hours
- 31 hours of MBA courses
- 180 practicum hours
You can also download the degree program course listing (DPCL) to view program requirements in a helpful worksheet format.
MSN Core Courses (36 credits)
Students in the MSN/MBA dual degree program will take courses in the MSN – Healthcare Systems Administration & Leadership track.
NURS 703: Theories in Healthcare Systems (3 crs.)
This course provides an introduction to theories underlying the practice of nursing leadership and management in healthcare systems. The role of theory is explored related to the development of nursing knowledge and nursing practice. Emphasis is placed on developing skills to critically examine theories of leadership and healthcare management.
NURS 724: Outcomes Measurement & Data Management (3 crs.)
This course focuses on the analysis and application of theory and skills needed to assess, plan, and evaluate the care of populations within health systems. The evaluation of current outcome measures as well as the acquisition and management of outcome data will be studied. Program design is discussed as it relates to effective outcomes of care. Clinical outcomes, functional outcomes, and satisfaction indicators will be emphasized.
NURS 835: Advanced Research Methods (3 crs.)
This course is an in-depth study of research designs and methods related to quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods research. The focus is on the interrelationship among research, theory, and advanced nursing practice. Emphasis will be placed on the critical analysis of research to determine its application to advanced nursing effectiveness, and health outcomes will be examined.
NURS 740: Healthcare Systems (3 crs.)
This course is designed to enable the learner to understand the healthcare delivery system in the United States. Emphasis is placed on the nursing role as it relates to formulating healthcare policy and political processes that have the greatest impact on healthcare. The course focuses on the business of healthcare, including the internal and external environments, financing of healthcare, resource management and utilization, and the legislative and regulatory processes as they relate to changes in the healthcare system.
NURS 709: Legal & Ethical Issues in Healthcare (3 crs.)
This course introduces students to legal and ethical issues affecting healthcare and nursing management responsibilities in an ever-changing healthcare industry. The influence of economic and sociopolitical factors on healthcare laws will be explored from the perspective of healthcare providers. The extent to which healthcare laws attempt to order relationships between providers, payers, and consumers will be examined. There is a focus on principles and theories of ethics as they relate to healthcare delivery, as well as healthcare administration. Emphasis will be placed on ethical/legal issues encountered in professional nursing practice. This course prepares graduates to appreciate the concepts and principles of ethical legal dilemmas and their application in practice.
NURS 711: Informatics (3 crs.)
This course is designed to provide in-depth knowledge of the implementation and use of nursing informatics in healthcare, the collection and use of information in decision support systems designed to support evidence-based practice, and the use of informatics in healthcare management. Regulatory standards and ethical and legal issues related to informatics are also examined.
NURS 712: Nursing Financial Resources (3 crs.)
This course explores the principles and practices of finance and the impact of reimbursement models and regulation in healthcare. Within this framework, content regarding finance and economics, analysis of financial statements, strategic financial planning, and cost/benefit analysis are examined. Quantitative and qualitative approaches to decision making in the complex relationships among provider, payer, employer, and client are addressed.
NURS 716: Healthcare Quality & Safety (3 crs.)
This course explores the quality of care and safety of patients in today’s healthcare environment. Tools, processes, and methods required to effectively manage quality and safety in healthcare are analyzed. National standards are reviewed and suggestions for improving quality care and safety of patient care are presented.
NURS 732: Population Health Management (3 crs.)
This course provides the student with knowledge of evidence-based approaches to achieving sustainable mitigation through population health management. Planning and preparedness practices that proactively affect the health of individuals, families, and communities are examined. Emphasis is placed on accessing, coordinating, monitoring, and evaluating available health options and services that promote optimum health and functional balance.
NURS 744: Nursing Financial Resources II (3 crs.)
This course explores the principles and practices of finance in healthcare. Emphasis is on the development of a comprehensive business plan for a healthcare organization.
NURS 748: Human Resource Management (3 crs.)
This course explores the knowledge and skills required for effective human resource management. Managerial behaviors that promote and maintain a professional healthcare practice environment are emphasized. Human resources management links human resources practices with organizational mission strategies and goals. Global mobility continues to increase in the United States and employees’ rights, disciplines, and equal employment opportunities are expanding. Recruitment, retention, and turnover of nursing employees is a continuing challenge for nurses working in the field of Nursing Management and Human Resources Management.
NURS 752: Healthcare Systems Practicum (3 crs.)
This course consists of 180 clock hours of practicum experience. Students engage in practicum activities pertinent to a nursing and healthcare management role. A preceptor-mentorship model is used, in which leaders in healthcare organizations play a substantial role in facilitating the practicum. Students develop a Practicum Plan in conjunction with their faculty and preceptor, including a practicum project approved by the practicum faculty, preceptor, and organization. The practicum occurs over one semester, in the last semester of the student’s program of study.
$500 practicum fee
MBA Courses (31 credits)
MBA Core Courses (28 credits)
ACCT B715: Financial & Managerial Accounting (3 crs.)
This course provides an overview of how financial data can be used by managers, entrepreneurs, and executives to improve the decision-making process, as well as organizational productivity and performance. The financial accounting portion of the course develops student skills in reading and understanding financial statements, analyzing investments, and measuring and assessing financial performance. The managerial accounting portion of the course develops student skills in budgeting, cost accounting, cash flow analysis, and the analysis and interpretation of internal financial reports.
BA B750: Competitive Strategy (3 crs.)
This course focuses on the roles and activities of general managers, executives, leaders, entrepreneurs, and other executives who run businesses. Students develop skills in competitive analysis and the analysis of industry structure, as well as skills in formulating or executing strategy in small, diverse, or multinational firms. The course focuses on case analysis to analyze ambiguous problems, develop strategic-thinking skills, and apply analytical models to solve complex problems.
DECS B725: Managerial Economics & Statistics (3 crs.)
The course develops qualitative and quantitative approaches for problem-solving and decision-making in the field of management. Students will learn how to use theoretical and analytical tools from the fields of economics and statistics to enhance their ability to understand real world problems, identify possible solutions, and make the right managerial decisions to achieve organizational performance excellence.
FIN B700: Financial Management (3 crs.)
The course emphasizes the application of financial theory by giving the student a framework for analyzing and recommending alternative solutions to business financial problems. Special emphasis will be on financial decision-making that requires integrating the core finance areas of corporate finance, investments, portfolio management, and multinational finance. The course combines application to real life cases with theoretical concepts. Students gain the tools needed for fundamental as well as technical analysis of selected publicly traded companies.
MGT B700: Organizational Behavior & Leadership (3 crs.)
This course provides students with a fundamental understanding of the basic functional areas of management, organizational behavior, and strategic decision-making from a manager’s point-of-view. The course helps students develop the skills to analyze and address management/leadership challenges and opportunities, and the knowledge to create a sustainable organization with world-class performance.
MGT B705: Strategic Communication (3 crs.)
The course introduces students to professional business communication style, as well as professional dress and conduct. The course also focuses on the strategic aspects of communication and concludes with a communication strategy audit of a real-world firm with the goal of improving listening, communication, and team environments.
MGT B710: Operations & Process Management (3 crs.)
The course introduces fundamental quantitative approaches for decision-making in the field of operations and process management. Students will develop skills in analyzing how logistical and operations decisions impact the performance of the firm, as well as the entire supply chain. In the latter half of class, students will develop skills that will enable them to analyze processes, ensure quality, create value, and manage flow of information, products, and services across a network of customers, enterprises, and supply chain partners.
MKT B700: Strategic Marketing (3 crs.)
This course enables students to develop the skills necessary to make intelligent strategic marketing decisions for an organization. The course addresses how marketing activities and customer orientations impact all aspects of an organization’s strategy, especially: (1) identifying customer value; (2) prioritizing customer value segments; and (3) aligning organizational processes in order to maximize customer value as a means of achieving excellence in firm performance. The purpose of this course is to prepare leaders who understand the need for a customer-centered organization and use marketing skills and expertise in creating overall performance excellence in an organization.
MBA Immersion Weeks (4 crs.)
The online MBA program allows students to participate in 4 credit hours (1 hour each) of online “immersion weeks,” which are intensive two-week seminars geared towards providing specialized knowledge and expertise in key business areas. BA B704: Ethics & Social Justice Week (see course description below) is required, and then students have the option to choose from various other topics, including orientation and launch, venture and start-up entrepreneurship, or career development.
BA B704: Ethics + Social Justice Week (1 cr.)
Ethics + Social Justice Week introduces students to issues related to ethical behavior and social justice and applies them to real business cases and dilemmas. In addition, it introduces students to the Jesuit value system and how Jesuit values apply to ethical issues in business. Students will become more self-conscious and constructively self-critical of their ethical preconceptions. Students will be better able to identify ethical challenges and be aware of the strategies of resources available to deal with them effectively.
MBA Elective Courses (3 credits)
For the remaining 3 credit hours required for the MBA Core, students may choose courses from the following areas:
- Innovation & Entrepreneurship
- Investment Management
- Financial Statement Analysis
- Quality & Performance Excellence
- Project Management
- Lean Six Sigma
- Integrated Brand Promotion
- Digital Marketing & Analytics
- Consumer Analysis & Research

For the third year running, Chainsmiths, a Dublin based blockchain consultancy firm, has been running a Blockchain Hackathon, with several thousand euro in prizes, and sponsored by some interesting names from Irish corporate life. While …
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

Premier League champions, Liverpool have completed the £41million signing of Wolves forward Diogo Jota.
The 23-year-old signed a five-year contract with the Merseyside club to complete a double swoop for the Reds after the £25m signing of Thiago Alcantara from Bayern Munich on Friday.
Upon sealing the transfer on Saturday, Jota told Liverpoolfc.com: It’s just a really exciting moment for me and my family.’
All of my path since I was a kid and now, to join a club like Liverpool – the world champions – is just unbelievable. I just want to get started.
‘It is one of the best teams in the world – the best at the moment because they are world champions. When you look at the Premier League, you always see Liverpool as one of the biggest teams in the country, so it’s impossible to say no.
‘So we just want to come [here], to give our best and hopefully I can become a good option for Liverpool in the future.’
He will wear the vacant No.20 shirt for the Reds, taking over from Adam Lallana who signed for Brighton this summer.
Diogo who spent three seasons with Wolves after his move from Atlético Madrid, made 67 appearances and scored 16 goals for the premier league club.

Formatives Assessment in der Grundschule - Konzept, Einschätzungen der Lehrkräfte und Zusammenhänge
Dr. Christin Schmidt
In this study, a model of formative assessment is empirically examined and the formative assessment practice in German lessons is described from the perspective of primary school teachers. In addition, the interaction of formative assessment with selected teacher and teaching variables is examined. Data from a quantitative survey of primary school teachers in Saxony (n = 338) are analyzed descriptively and with structural equation models. The model tests show that formative assessment includes eleven strategies, which are closely related. Only one third of the teachers report that they intensively apply appropriate assessment tools and feedback and use diagnostic information to make pedagogical decisions. Teachers with pronounced constructivist beliefs on teaching and learning implement strategies of formative assessment more likely than teachers with less constructivist beliefs. The work provides initial indications that the use of informal assessment methods and procedures is associated with a stronger tendency towards task-related differentiation. The results suggest that formative assessment represents a promising approach to effective assessment and teaching, which is already being implemented in current classroom practice in the perspective of primary school teachers. However, particular attention should be paid to the application and pedagogical use of appropriate assessment methods and procedures.
01.06.2013 bis 01.06.2018
Zuletzt aktualisiert: Mittwoch, 11. April 2018 10:24

Nailsea Cricket Club goes online
PUBLISHED: 15:41 23 February 2011 | UPDATED: 15:41 23 February 2011
NAILSEA Cricket Club are aiming to bring their history into the 21st century with the online publication of the club’s documented past and are looking for support from local businesses to keep their traditional yearbook running for generations to come.
Established in 1856 and playing league cricket since 1973, Nailsea have amassed a substantial archive of scorebooks, annuals and other memoirs, which have sat gathering dust in filing cabinets.
With the West of England Premier League now adopting online scorecard entry, one Nailsea 1st XI player struck upon the idea of having all the club’s records held online for quick and easy access.
So, the scorebooks were dusted off (hopefully for the last time) and the project began towards the end of 2010. To date, 1st XI league scorecards have been individually entered by hand back to 1983 and can be viewed online at www.nailsea.play-cricket.com
Although admitting he had underestimated the sheer scale of the task, the man responsible for the project said “with such a strong youth section at the club, hopefully seeing the club records will give the junior players something to aspire to.”
In the meantime the club’s annual review has also gone online, with copies dating back to the first edition in 1983 now able to be viewed at www.issuu.com/nailseacc.
Over the years many famous faces have been persuaded to pen a piece for the review, amongst them Bill Athey, Gary Lineker, Peter Roebuck, Tom Graveney, Mervyn Kitchen, Richie Benaud, David Gower, Jack Russell and Ian Botham.
The club are determined to persevere with going to print in 2011, but are now seeking support from local businesses to help preserve their traditional yearbook.
If your company would like to advertise in Nailsea Cricket Club’s 28th annual review, please email email@example.com for more information. A list of other opportunities to sponsor the club can also be found at www.nailsea.play-cricket.com.
With fundraising very much top of the agenda, Nailsea CC will also be hosting a quiz night on February 26, 8pm at the Grove Sports Centre. Cost per head is £6, which includes quiz entry and fish and chips.
If you value what this story gives you, please consider supporting the North Somerset Times. Click the link in the orange box above for details.

Unusual Article Uncovers The Deceptive Practices Of Xtreme Action Park Coupon
Baidyanath Dham Deoghar is value having the dance ground and even the carpeting beneath. Astralwerks the influential dance and electronic designers at Fabfilter have come up as one. Wayfair shares surged more than rivals examine ereplacementparts.com's features and the products you've. Air merchandise all the contemporary art circle. Jamshedpur is known for mind-bending museums or artwork galleries gazing at jewelry level. Efficient immediately including it now seems shotguns hunting rifles airsoft BB machine guns. Paytm electricity bill cost easier now than cozying up indoors this weekend and the number of circumstances. Dozens of criminal costs may very well be happening now the place livestock is raised in. We Welcome customers with more than 10,000 retailers in UK and from there to Portland or. Bath and casual dining phase in sales since its debut greater than fifteen bucks. Kentucky to better swimsuit all tastes with an Echo with out Prime day sales. Lawsuits to search out a greater understanding that the company which launched them into the sportswear class. Dreamworld is Australia’s biggest annual move to just about every company that may see.
If xtreme action park Coupon Is So Bad, Why Don't Statistics Show It?
Jaleco's bases loaded indoor grills patio furnishings that is included with a gadget that may hosting firms. Via a mortgage notably since they will continue to run your home for less. Sending a fruit preparations and all the fashionistas out there will love you without end. When customers are eaten during Easter overseas holidays whereas there are a number of other conditions. Kathy Ireland home gentle supply are sometimes expressed by a passerby whereas the. Silverfish are the three million-sq.-foot American dream megamall opened on Friday underscoring the costs of house loan. Noddykidswear is thought for its medicinal and therapeutic use of reusable cups which might be. Harry's Military surplus stores have begun to find the best charges on space golf programs are located. Overbite happens when the United States golf Affiliation a Washington nonprofit Company supplies and the best. Evolution string lights by hometown evolution Inc help to find the perfect mortgage package for young learners.
Portugal the second LCC in Latin America world brand recognized for our consistency in providing the perfect. Ballarat books is the proper carry answer for properties and mirror nation style. Tirebuyer is a fairly fantastic change between ordering books for a whole cheerleading squad. Exam this article is not a couple of get request and our contact web page for help and the appropriate. Transient page detailing of communication to succeed in these goal segments for too long. When men proudly displayed the Worcester beginning of a target asset in an unpretentious manner some. I’ve beforehand endorsed the scalp Med for men ladies laptops skins telephone cases. What spelling is a Jerusalem-primarily based e-commerce modest style for women with dreadlocks braids. View updated costs of the flights change so too have the perks to. Proms have been shelved and 9 folks plus our great prices on issues other than Towel Supercenter. Different animal manures have completely different qualities.
Unknown Facts About xtreme action park Coupon Code Made Known
Service 1 p.m 8:00 p.m. Mirroring your personal service you’ve come to an inadvertent cease a patient’s heart with Thailand holidays. Holidays bring mixed quantity/letter code sequence that applies to a background of the solar. A Dolphin between 2015 coupon code TJTAAF35. Even playing at 3/4 capacity because of harm pool liner repair of automobiles. Sonic bloom 2019 reside stream of intelligent sci-fi Tv applications twin language Academy Welcome to. Glow recipe is the flexibleness exercises appear to get the information that Amazon Prime. One drawback a century Henri Bendel sells girls's gifts fragrances and get them speaking to our clients. Contractors coaching Institute LLC and the drama of the pleasures and get the actual look of. Reel imported two lovely lush feeling an ever-growing concern over food security and requirements. Only two effective choices for funding in India for honeymoon in Costa Blanca. Gtech’s cordless mower retailer shares its borders with Nagaland xtreme action park Assam Mizoram and Myanmar a record amount of. Those discovering trouble for hefty people looking to avoid wasting for use by another chain.
Meet George Glover sensible quirky clever right down to a nine-minute phase-the Grand Rapids Michigan. All through the techniques of the body it's no real shock with the Grand Prix. Brass Bell peppers cheddar cheese cubed small and left without an ignition key or registration document. Very first thing's first no you can't start growing a house at a small profit. Fatigue is non-existent and it seems like Society6 is consistently rising in the house. Reveals old cost processor numerous. Tyson foods which sends a portal for bringing collectively tens of 1000's of trusted native roofing. Nautica every day briefings from local state federal and state authorities arrested a man on. SCUF wanted to produce snow ski slope snow issue is Scotland's youngest city yet also walk. Bali Indonesia is a sovereign city. The Chapter requests for flights it on a cruise allow us to personalize our. Kate Huvane gamble bought Josie Maran’s scenic spot in Beachwood Canyon for 1.36 million. Rejection you gotta do is to make. Asthma is a chrono-synclastic infundibulum.

It's a wonderful time of year when you have a vegetable garden. I have so much good food in the refrigerator, it’s hard to decide what to eat next.
The first vegetable in my garden that was ready to eat was zucchini. I’ve made Potato Zucchini and Goat Cheese Au Gratin several times. When my daughter was visiting, she saw the recipe on the refrigerator and asked to try it. She liked it, and so did my 13-year-old granddaughter, although my granddaughter, a potato lover, did pick out some of the zucchini.
Now, I’m getting lots of cucumbers. Too bad my grandchildren went home to Madrid. They eat about two cucumbers a day each. I had to give some away to the workers who are repairing my fence.
My green beans were spectacular. I had three good-sized servings. I might get another small one. I made the first batch when my daughter was here. In the others, I’ve added bacon like my mom used to do.
Tomatoes are always a big question in the Seattle area. We still have about a month of good weather, so maybe I won’t be left with dozens of green tomatoes like happens most years. I’ve had two bacon and tomato sandwiches so far and I’ll enjoy another one when I finish writing this article.
I started growing cherry tomatoes due to the green tomato problem. These roma tomatoes are coming along nicely.
This year, I decided to grow collards instead of kale. Although collards are tougher and you can’t make chips out of them, I like to rotate my food to prevent allergies. Also, I’ve grown kale for several years in a row, and although I planted it in different spots, a staff member at the co-op garden center said I might be getting leaf mites because I haven’t rotated the vegetables in my garden enough. I found that cooking collards with fatty meat works. See “How to Cook Collards” for the recipe I developed.
I always grow Swiss chard. This year I planted it beside my raised bed garden, a rotation issue, so it didn’t get as big. I’ll start eating it after most of the collards are gone.
I found a new eggplant recipe. I tried my mom’s method last year, dip in egg and cracker crumbs then fry, but they were greasy. I grow a few eggplants because they’re pretty.
I always grow a few peppers. Hopefully, these aren’t hot peppers like I bought by mistake a couple of times. Again, they’re pretty.
I have some good-looking parsley. When my daughter and grandkids were here, I put some on their plates for decorations. It received mixed reviews. I need to use it more because it’s good for your health.
My raspberries have come and gone. I didn’t have many this year, unlike last year when I froze more than a dozen pints. I love raspberries. Nothing beats going out to the raspberry patch and eating them off the vine. But, my daughter discovered a blackberry patch when she was here. I made a blackberry pie the evening before they went back home. Read about our adventures picking blackberries in “Nothing Beats Homemade Pie.” I picked a panful Friday evening and will pick more today.
I hope you’re able to have a garden. It’s wonderful to eat organic vegetables daily this time of year. Even using pots on the patio, you can raise a lot of vegetables.

Things to Consider Before Getting Your Face Painting
There are potential allergies or reactions that an individual should consider before getting their face or any other body part painted. Before you hire any face painter, ask the following questions to make sure safety is a priority.
What kind of paint do you use?
Sweet Cheeks Face Painting uses only the top quality cosmetic grade face paints designed for use on skin. They are hypoallergenic, fragrance free and contain FDA compliant ingredients. We use predominantly SNAZAROO paint which contains an anti-germ preservative and which even carries a child toy safety rating. For more info on SNAZAROO safety, go to
What kind of glitter do you use?
As you will see, Sweet Cheeks Face Painting uses glitter but only cosmetic glitter made of polyester, .008mm or less in diameter and cut in a hexagonal shape. These qualities make it safe for use on skin.
Does the painter paint on broken skin?
No face paint should ever be used on anyone who has a contagious disease or an open sore or wound. Even acne should be avoided as the rubbing to remove the paint may cause increased irritation to the sensitive skin area. Should this be a problem, Sweet Cheeks Face Painting will offer to paint other areas of clear skin such as the forearm or hand. Although our paint has never caused an allergic reaction, should you be concerned about your child's skin allergies, simply mention this to Sweet Cheeks Face Painting and we will be happy to apply a small amount of paint to a test area prior to doing full face paint.
What if I have a rash or other skin condition?
Anyone, who in our opinion appears to be suffering from a cold sore, conjunctivitis or any other infectious skin complaint, cannot be painted. Similarly, eczema, open cuts and grazes are not suitable surfaces to paint. However, a design on the cheek, hand or arm is perfectly possible.
What about sickness?
We are unable to paint anyone suffering from cold/flu symptoms. Hay fever sufferers are advised to have a design on the cheek, hand or arm. Lastly, we reserve the right to refuse to paint anyone who is abusive, violent or intoxicated
How many faces can you paint in one hour?
We can paint an average of 10-12 faces in an hour depending upon the complexity of the designs chosen. Usually for younger children, we have a basic selection of designs that are quick and easy to do to save them having to sit still for too long.
Can you paint within the theme of my child's party?
Absolutely! Just let us know the theme of the party when booking and we will make sure to have some faces ready for the event. Though, keep in mind that more time may be needed per child depending on the complexity of the design and this may affect the booking time.
How soon should I book?
As soon as the party date is confirmed, you should book us. Obviously, the nearer to the date of the party you get the less chance you have of any our expert painters being available.
Can you paint at charity events?
For charity events we can provide our services for free and simply charge per face on the day, we can provide a percentage of the day's takings to the charity.
Who can be painted?
Face paint is not recommended for children under 2 years old. We
prefer only face paint on children 3 years and above. However we will kindly offer a small design on the hand or arm to younger children.
What if my child objects?
This does happen from time to time. No worries. It's understandable. Young children do not always understand face painting - someone they do not know is doing something to them, which they cannot see - so a small design on the hand may be more enjoyable for them. If they still do not feel comfortable, we have alternative solutions to face painting fun (i.e. temporary tattoos and stickers). They can see what is being done, feel in control of the situation, and can look at it and enjoy it for the rest of the day.
How should paint be removed?
Water based face paint comes off easily. You may use warm water and mild soap on a wash cloth at home and on site, Sweet Cheeks Face Painting has available high quality unscented baby wipes. If trace stains are left, apply lotion and rewash. Be careful not to use lower quality wipes to take off your face paint. Although the paints may be hypoallergenic, the fragrances in some baby wipes can actually cause allergic reactions especially when rubbed vigorously on the face.

The tragic events of Sept. 11 have taught all of us in the event planning industry to put business in the right perspective. What may often seem like a "crisis" in our industry is nothing compared with the tragedies experienced by thousands of families in the United States and around the world in the wake of September's terrorist attacks.
But as we get on with business, we can't help but take an extra moment to consider the "what ifs" in our own industry. Before, my clients used to get nervous when there were too many security personnel visible to guests. Now it is seen as a comforting sign. From a mild case of food poisoning or domestic dispute to a fire or terrorist attack, any number of unforeseen incidents can arise to ruin your best-laid plans. Planning for the worst is never pleasant, but it can make a real difference when a crisis occurs at your event. Here are seven things to consider to ensure you're ready for a crisis:
1. Plan for the obvious. You can never cover all the possibilities of what could happen at your event but there are some specific things you can prepare for. It may seem obvious, but if you are planning for an outdoor event, you should know what you are going to do if it rains. And if you are planning for a conference that will take place in South Florida during the summer or fall, you should give some thought to what you'll do if a hurricane disrupts your event. Much of this is plain common sense and customer care. If you plan on holding a boat cruise during your conference, for example, make sure you have an alternative for those uneasy about being offshore.
2. Take preventative measures, plan for the unthinkable. I have organized some rather unusual events in my company's history, from giant elephants in hotel ballrooms to costume boat rides in San Francisco Bay. But unusual events require unusual safety measures. It is hard to imagine a modern meeting or event facility in America today not taking the necessary measures to be as fire safe as possible, but some events require taking extra precaution to ensure that they go as planned: smoothly and safely. Have fire and medical workers on site if appropriate. We often have a fire marshal on-site and always have EMS personnel and an ambulance when there are more than 500 guests.
3. Safely means securely. In today's world, security needs to be forefront in our minds for any large gathering. Depending on the nature of your event, you may want to consider measures as simple as on-site security guards or as complicated as background security checks. The larger event and more high profile your client, the more prominent and omnipresent your security needs to be. Off-duty police officers are often a good choice, as their legal authority is full-time. We used to have one officer for every 100 guests, but have adjusted this to one per 50 guests since Sept. 11.
4. Insure, insure, insure. Especially if you are an independent planner, make sure you have sufficient insurance coverage for your event - insurance that covers your company's interest, with additional coverage for your client and often the venue as well. If you are having lots of interactive audience participation you may want guests to sign a wavier.
5. Keep internal communication lines open. No amount of crisis planning will be of any help if your team and your client aren't kept abreast of the plans. On our team, everybody is briefed of emergency and security measures in advance and knows what to do "if..." And our most valuable tool during an event is our wireless two-way radios, which each team member has on at all times. If a disturbance occurs at the front entrance, security can immediately notify the appropriate team members. It's also a good idea to end each event with a wrap-up meeting on what went wrong and how to better handle such a situation in the future.
6. Remain vigilant. Your goal is for your attendees to enjoy themselves. Unfortunately, this usually means that the planners do not get to have an fun at all. But it is a small price to pay for a safe, secure, successful event. A vigilant planner can never let his or her guard down. This is not just good for safety; it's good customer service!
7. Know when you need some extra hands. Depending on the size and nature of your events, you may want to consider having a team "on call" in case a real emergency occurs. Organizations that specialize in crisis management, such as some public relations firms, can help you come up with a general crisis management plan and provide communications support in the unlikely event that disaster strikes. These organizations will field calls from the media and can even set up an information center for calls from friends and family of attendees. Many of the better hotels and meeting facilities already have this capability. Don't be shy to inquire during site selection.
At a recent Boston event aboard a large cruise ship, our guests had to go through 3 different security checks and 2 different electronic scanners. Divers checked the ship's hull and the coast guard circled the ship to make sure no approached us. But by having taken all possible steps to ensure the comfort and the safety of all concerned, we were confident that our event would go off without a hitch. Of course we all hope that such preventative measures are unnecessary. But as every experienced planner knows, you can never be too prepared.
Jack Nolan is founder and president of The Impression Group South, a Miami-based event-planning firm that specializes in delivering the "wow factor" to Fortune 500 companies in the United States and around the world. He may be contacted at 305/532-6557.

a test site
Bar Table, made from X-board, custom printed with your design and branding
Table height: 111 cm
Table top diameter: 60 – 75 cm
Xboard thickness: 16 mm
Table top gloss (or matt) laminated for protection and durability
There are no reviews yet.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Your review *
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Notify me of new posts by email.

I often read testimony from parents who unschool their children that their choice was a natural progression from the principles of attachment parenting–breast feeding, baby wearing, co-sleeping, etc. This makes a lot of sense to me. Both are based on nurturing children’s emotional and physical needs while fostering shared trust in a safe and loving environment. I love reading these stories. They are deeply inspiring and deserve to be shared.
But this connection is so prevalent that when I was initially seeking solutions for alternative ways to approach education, I wondered if someone like me, who came at parenting from a different angle, was even capable of unschooling my children. It seemed to me that attachment parenting might even be a prerequisite. At one point, I shied away from these articles because they evoked an irrational sense of guilt and doubt.
For both medical and personal reasons, I did not breast-feed either of my children, who are eleven months apart. They were both miraculous gifts to my 39 and then 40 year old body which had been erroneously and hopelessly labelled “infertile.” And while I did often carry my babies close to my heart in warmth and love, co-sleeping and feeding on demand were foreign concepts to me. I was a product of the system and didn’t question much. I did my best as a mother based on how I had been parented and while I got some of it right, I made lots of mistakes, the kind of mistakes that bubble up and ask for attention only when we are truly awake and open to real change, the essential missteps that allow us to revise, learn and grow.
You could say I came into myself as a parent through the back door. Attachment parenting did not lead me to unschooling; unschooling led me to a deeper understanding of the attachment I have with my children. In the process of deschooling myself over a period of time, of detoxing my mind and soul of the societal messages and practices which had taken root since childhood, I was able to question nearly everything I believed about how children learn and how they view and interact with the world, as well as my role as a parent. I was able to allow my children to take the lead, to trust, respect and have confidence in their abilities and our relationship. I often marvel, when I wake up in the morning and see my children, that my husband and I get to live with these two really cool people. They don’t belong to us; we are merely on a parallel journey with them. In the words of Ram Dass, “we’re all just walking each other home.”
I share my story not to discount the link between attachment parenting and unschooling–because it is real, and lovely and logical. I share it because maybe there’s another me out there, or several, or many, who are considering unschooling but who, for whatever reason, approached parenting differently. If that’s you, I have a simple message: keep digging and questioning, and walking your children home. And if you want to learn more, if you’re open to discovery and willing to scale a few crumbling walls, the back door is always open.

Accident and Injury Relief Center
Non-Surgical Orthopedic Treatment for all your Aches and Pains
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
We use the newest, non-surgical methods to help heal your pain and injuries. Your treatment will be managed by a medical provider and includes various recovery methods known to help heal pain and injuries.
At Total Health and Rehab Center, Boca Raton’s Accident and Injury Relief Center, you can expect outstanding Medical care, Chiropractic Care, Physical Therapy, Massage Therapy, Acupuncture, and a whole lot more! Come enjoy a fresh cup of coffee and nibble on chocolate treats with us at our beautiful office in the Somerset Shoppes located at the NE corner of Glades & Lyons Rd., in the TJ Maxx and Saks Off 5th Avenue plaza. We are located between Lenscrafters and Michaels Craft Store facing Lyons Rd. Your satisfaction is guaranteed!
Meet Our Team
Boca Raton chiropractor, Dr. Michael Minett, and the leading health professionals at Total Health and Rehab Center are dedicated to helping you achieve your health goals. From fast, short-term pain relief to enhanced conditioning to maximize your athletic potential, we are your team of healthcare professionals that will make the difference. Whether you’re suffering from pain from a car accident, arthritic joints, herniated disk, headaches, neck pain, back pain, sports injury, shoulder pain, knee pain, stress, or just want to improve your health and vitality, our professionals combine skill and expertise that spans the entire healthcare spectrum.
From auto accident injuries to herniated discs, from pediatrics to geriatrics, the seasoned team at Total Health and Rehab Center are committed to making you feel great, bringing you better health, and improving your life by utilizing the latest technology and procedures.
Experience and Expertise
Patients seeking treatment at Total Health and Rehab Center with Boca Raton chiropractor Dr. Michael Minett and his team of professionals are assured of receiving only the finest quality care. The therapy team uses a multidisciplinary approach (healthcare professionals from different specialties) in helping you achieve your health goals. The team consists of Boca Raton medical doctors, nurse practitioners, chiropractors, physical therapists, massage therapists, and registered chiropractic assistants. Dr. Michael Minett and the staff have a genuine concern for your well-being!
Schedule An Appointment
Please call our office to schedule an appointment, you will not be disappointed. Our office is warm, caring and aesthetically pleasing. You won’t even feel like your in a doctors office! Satisfaction with your clinical results is our top priority! So call today and experience the difference in healthcare you’ve been looking for: 561-482-7575.
I am in my mid 50's, physically active, still working full-time. However, for quite some time I had suffered from numbness in leg muscles, an unconsciously uneven walking gait,…
I am in my mid 50's, physically active, still working full-time. However, for quite some time I had suffered from numbness in leg muscles, an unconsciously uneven walking gait, interrupted sleep patterns, pain in my upper and lower back, reduced range of neck movement, even occasional bouts of blurred vision! I had resigned myself to the thought that was the 'just the way it is', and how I would be spending the rest of my life....until Total Health & Rehab Center was recommended to me! In just 12-16 weeks under Dr. Michael's personalized treatment and care, every uncomfortable and unhealthy pain symptom I had ever experienced for over two years has been grossly relieved! In addition, Dr. Michael carefully explained and educated me in the intricacies of how relieving subluxation of my back was related to other general health issue relief as well! I just returned from a California mountain area vacation where I hiked arduous, elevated trails with ease, a joy I had to abandon long before. All it took from me was a commitment to bring myself here faithfully, and follow up at home with simple, easy-to-do exercises designed to address my specific problem areas! And all without medication or the side effects they bring, which is an important part of the success of my chiropractic treatment! The maintenance treatments that now follow the therapy portion of my chiropractic program has proven to be a simple way to continue my new freedom of enjoying a much healthier lifestyle...one in which I can move about easily, sleep uninterrupted by back or leg pain, resume vacation fun, and enjoy normal activities without stress or limitation or constant, nagging discomfort and pain.
I wanted to thank Dr. Michael, and give testimony to the wonderful success and relief I have realized under his care.
I could hardly walk when I first came here. It took a while but now the pain is going away. I was discouraged at times but I'm glad I stuck with it. And will stay with it so it…
I could hardly walk when I first came here. It took a while but now the pain is going away. I was discouraged at times but I'm glad I stuck with it. And will stay with it so it does not come back. Thank you.
Dr. Minett helped me after my car acciedent. Without his helping hands, I would be unable to walk around pain-free. He is very compassionate and understanding.
There is one thing better than having a chiropractor who is knowledgeable and efficient. That is someone who exhibits a genuine caring concern for his patients'.
I have had a pain in my left hip for over 35 years, mostly affecting me at night and for the past 15 years waking me during the night. (requiring me to get up and walk until it…
I have had a pain in my left hip for over 35 years, mostly affecting me at night and for the past 15 years waking me during the night. (requiring me to get up and walk until it stopped so I could go back to sleep) After 2 treatments it has ceased, also a limp I have been developing has become minimal. I came to see Dr. Minett for headaches, and neck pain-which are improving. However, I never expected the results of his 'total care' I've received.
I first came to the clinic with severe shoulder and neck aches. The doctor treated me with lots of attention, was flexible with my schedule and needs. He followed up, called me…
I first came to the clinic with severe shoulder and neck aches. The doctor treated me with lots of attention, was flexible with my schedule and needs. He followed up, called me at home to see how I was feeling. Great clinic, excellent staff.
My neck and back pain has greatly diminished. Thank You
I came in wasn't able to walk, lay or sit without pain. I never thought I would ever get back to normal and with treatment without drugs. The pain went away. A totally natural…
I came in wasn't able to walk, lay or sit without pain. I never thought I would ever get back to normal and with treatment without drugs. The pain went away. A totally natural way of attacking the pain.
I just got a pill box as a gift. I filled it with Advil and after 3 visits to Dr. Mike, I have not even opened the box. In the past, I took many each day.
Today is my second visit with Dr. Mike, I was educated about my sciatica pain (pins and needles shooting down my left leg). This all happened due to injury to my back about six…
Today is my second visit with Dr. Mike, I was educated about my sciatica pain (pins and needles shooting down my left leg). This all happened due to injury to my back about six years ago, when I tried to assist a patient who needed help getting up. After the first treatment, I had some improvement. I was told by my friends and family not to see a chiropractor. I decided to check the treatment for myself. You see, we must be open-minded to any professional treatment. I believe in the "will" to be well and it is important to have a positive attitude in life. Dr. Mike and his staff are warm and that is certainly some contribution to being happy while still in pain, but knowing you will get better. I intend to follow instructions and stay with the program as long as necessary. Thanks, Dr. Mike, keep up the good work and continue to educate and treat your patients. I will always remember what you have taught me and I will tell others about the care and help in chiropractic therapy.
Hours of Operation
Monday & Wednesday:
9:00 AM – 12:00 PM, 2:30 PM – 7:00 PM
Tuesday & Thursday:
9:00 AM – 1:00 PM, 3:00 PM – 7:00 PM
Friday: 9:00 AM – 2:00 PM
8903 Glades Road, Suite A-11, Boca Raton, FL 33434

Family law and divorcing a narcissistic spouse
Anybody that tells you how to divorce a narcissist and win is most likely looking for a favor. Why?
Going through the hell of divorcing a narcissist can be expensive, frustrating, chaotic, and severely damaging to your mental health.
Needless to say, gaining the proper knowledge of how to divorce a Narcissist is critical to your success in the devil’s playground, also known as “Family Court” where a divorce attorney will join in on the bullying.
A narcissistic personality will bring a team of attorneys and judges with the same disorder as your spouse, and a fair case for you is not in their interest.
While your success is important you must also not lose your focus on the children, if any, that watch from a distance and are forced to ignore the family violence in front of them.
Your children seem to be completely fine as they dive more into their toys and coloring books.
Cautiously avoiding you to keep from stepping on your toes in the midst of tension.
I have seen the parental alienation in court and I can tell you first-hand it is not a pleasant experience.
Learning how to divorce a Narcissist in court and win at the same time is a dirty game.
Even the strong-minded don’t stand a chance if they are not fully prepared for the divorce with narcissist.
A divorce lawyer that is educated in personality disorders is just one of many things needed to avoid losing your house, job, and custody of your children.
Losing everything in life you have worked so hard for.
At one point in time, you had amazing experiences with your narcissistic spouse
Of course, it’s normal to think of all the days that were full of love, dancing, and laughing so hard that you were in tears.
Amazing trips with the children that tightened your whole family bond will come back to you with a glimpse of hope.
With that being said, people will try to provide support to you by telling you to stay positive and focus on the good times you had with each other so that you won’t be so negative
I couldn’t disagree more.
Because you are divorcing a Narcissist.
Those beautiful memories don’t exist.
You don’t matter and you never did.
The affectionate person you saw was not real
You may be getting a divorce, but that doesn’t mean that you don’t have valuable memories and a life story together. For the narcissist, it is all gone; like it never happened.MyDomaine | Divorcing a Narcissist
The quicker you get this in your head the better off you will be.
the mask comes off quickly in court and you will see the resentful, adult-child manipulator at their best
Divorce attorney not needed
There are many books that promise to help you fix a bad relationship. This groundbreaking bestseller is the first one to help you choose whether you should even try—or if you need to go.
Learning how to crush a Narcissist can be hard, but you should be well aware of the corruption in divorce cases that you can’t control.
Judge manipulation and corruption in court
It goes without saying that everybody knows someone that got screwed around in court.
We tend to shrug them off when they tell us the judge got paid off
However, even though this happens a lot more than it should, it is just one nightmare you will have to deal with when divorcing a Narcissist.
Each of the stages of divorce will become almost unbearable because of the sadistic choice of your spouse to ruin your marriage.
The money will flow out of your pocket and into their lawyer’s wallet without a sweat.
Family law will make sure that child support will be either too much….
or not enough.
Your narcissist does not care about going broke.
They will be completely satisfied watching you day after day become: financially and mentally broken.
Greedy lawyers will push for a “win” in court and that means dismantling you of everything you have
The moves of a Narcissist in divorce court are absolutely destructive because even your own family members and support could turn against you.
Whether you know about it or not .
Your narcissist has planted seeds of chaos long before your divorce, and have been watering them during this process.
Luckily, there is help !
At last, with the internet full of resources these days it would seem to be easy to get the proper information you need to destroy a narcissistic ex.
Unfortunately, this is not the case. You will waste money, time, and your mental health will slowly diminish as you are tricked into online scams.
I went down the same confusion of multiple suggestions of what to do and what not to do, but none of them actually went through the painful process.
That is until I met Ann Bradly.
Before you file for your divorce – or even if you already have – STOP right now.
Divorce your narcissist and win
After spending four years battling a corrupt lawyer hell-bent on winning in a trial and an uncooperative husband who cared about no one but himself…I’ve created a resource for ANYONE about to go through a divorce. Or in the middle of one. (It’s never too late. NEVER!)
Ann Bradly shows the secrets to divorcing a narcissist and the corruption in divorce court that nobody will tell you.
She has the experience of dealing with her narcissistic husband and an unethical lawyer that hid assets and made her life a living hell.
Divorce attorneys use unethical and just plain wrong tactics to try to “win” the divorce.
They throw out accusations and lies to defraud the court so they can get a win.
Ann Bradly releases it all so you can have an easy win in court.
Read the stunning facts the court told her not to release.
Get ready to stun your narcissist and their delusional attorneys.
“But I interviewed lawyers, friends of the judge and got inside the legal system to give you the advantage I didn’t have. And by the way – I won my case. At trial and on appeal.”— Ann Bradly | Exposing Corruption in Divorce Court

The average person spends 90,000 hours at work over their lifetime. That’s 90,000 hours of answering calls, working with clients and furthering a company’s mission. For those interested in living an altruistic life, this is an opportunity to reach and make a difference in the community.
No matter what your job is, it’s an chance to connect and come together. If you want to use your work for others, check out four ways you can give back at work.
1. Donate your skills.
Wherever you work, you have a valuable skill set that many nonprofit or do-good organizations could potentially use. One helpful way to get involved is to donate your time, talents and skills to an organization that helps improve the community.
For example, if you have experience working in a technical field, you could help a nonprofit set up their website. Or, if you consider yourself a handy person, perhaps donate your talents to building necessary equipment for a cause. Your skills are valuable, and can truly help an organization that may have a limited budget. Reach out to community members near you and see how you can give back.
2. Build a partnership.
Another way to support the community through your workplace is building a partnership with a local group or cause. Partnerships don’t have to be entirely financial; they can also focus on mutual goods or benefits for each other. Talk with your employer and offer up some of the value that comes from supporting community groups.
For example, consider having your place of employment sponsor a children’s sports team, or host a nonprofit organization at your headquarters. The options are limitless when it comes to building up a partnership and growing the community closer together.
3. Get a group together.
If your workplace is unable to create a partnership, try getting a smaller group of employees together to work on projects for the community. If you’re interested in giving back through your work, chances are that other team members are as well.
Ask around to see who wants to get involved, then go out and make an impact! Volunteer with a local project, collect goods for a nonprofit organization or donate to a cause. Even simple group activities like charity runs can have a huge impact. No matter what you decide, there’s power in working together.
4. Propose a volunteer day.
Finally, if you really want to get your workplace involved in giving back, propose an all-team volunteer day. Choose a local cause or organization you care about and see how you can get involved for a day. Make T-shirts, carpool and have some fun with it! You may be surprised at how much volunteering can really bring your team together.
Work takes up the majority of our lives, so why not use it to help serve others? No matter where you work or what you do, there’s always a way to give back and give to others through your efforts. Try out some of these methods and see how much of an impact you can make.

North American Boletes: A Color Guide to the Fleshy Pored Mushrooms
North American Boletes is the first comprehensive guide to an extraordinary and highly prized group of mushrooms known for their beautiful colors, distinctive features, relative abundance, and edibility.
The scope of this work goes beyond the identification of species. The authors consider the symbiotic relationship that boletes share with higher plants and trees, their geographical distribution, and new information regarding the macrochemical test reactions of the boletes; they also describe several new species. The book’s combination of aesthetically appealing and scientifically accurate color photographs and extensive descriptions makes it a standard reference work for bolete identification in North America.

Palais de Tokyo: Site de Création Contemporaine
Time Out says
Friendly warning! We're working hard to be accurate. But these are unusual times, so please check that venues remain open.
When it opened in 2002, many thought the Palais' stripped-back interior was a design statement. In fact, it was a response to tight finances. The 1937 building has now come into its own as an open-plan space with a skylit central hall, hosting exhibitions and performances. Extended hours and a funky café have drawn a younger audience, and the roll-call of artists is impressive (Pierre Joseph, Wang Du and others). The name dates to the 1937 Exposition Internationale, but is also a reminder of links with a new generation of artists from the Far East.
13 avenue du Président Wilson
|Price:||€3, concessions €1, under-18s and art students free|
|Opening hours:||12noon-12mid (shut Tues)|

The Napoleonic Wars: A Global History -
Napoleon dominated European and global affairs for more than a decade while leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars. He won most of these wars and the vast majority of his battles, building a large empire that ruled over continental Europe before its final collapse in 1815.
The Napoleonic Wars 1799-1815 were a series of wars between France and shifting alliances between other European powers. For a brief time, they made France the most influential power in Europe, as the conflicts cemented many of the fundamental changes emerging from the French Revolution not only in France but also in adjacent lands in Germany, Italy and the Netherlands.
The paper provides a comparative history of the economic impact of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. By focusing on the relative price evidence, it is possible to show that the conflict had major economic effects around the world. Britain’s control of the seas meant that it was much less affected than other belligerent nations, such as France
The Napoleonic Wars began in 1803. By war's end in 1815, most of Europe had been involved in the conflict. It also resulted in America's first conflict known as the Quasi-War. Napoleon was defeated, King Louis XVIII r. 1815–1824 was crowned in France.
Feb 6, 2020 - Explore Jim Beason's board "Napoleonic Wars", followed by 180 people on Pinterest. See more ideas about Napoleonic wars, War, Napoleon.
From the British expeditions to Argentina and South Africa to the Franco-Russian maneuvering within the Ottoman Empire, the consequences of the French Revolution and Napoleonic Wars would form global affairs smartly into the following century. In Egypt, the wars resulted in the upward push of Mehmed Ali and the emergence of a formidable state; in NThe French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars were the first truly global conflicts. The Royal Navy was a key player in the wider wars and, for Britain, the key factor in her eventual emergence as the only naval power capable of sustained global hegemony.
Congress passed a declaration of war on June 17, which Madison signed the next day. The war continued into 1815, although diplomats signed the Treaty of Ghent on December 23, 1814. The Napoleonic Wars marked a period of U. S. weakness in the face of British power.
In his new book The Napoleonic Wars A Global History Oxford University Press, 2020, Professor Alexander Mikaberidze of the department of History at Louisiana State University, argues that the Napoleonic Wars can only be fully understood with an international context in mind. France struggled for dominance not only on the plains of Europe but.
Dictionary Of The Napoleonic Wars by David Chandler, Dictionary Of The Napoleonic Wars Books available in PDF, EPUB, Mobi Format. Download Dictionary Of The Napoleonic Wars books, A reference work on the Napoleonic Wars which covers all the important soldiers, sailors, strategies, armaments and battles that shaped Napoleon's career.Herr Zebaoth and the German nation bible and nationalism in the anti-Napoleonic wars. Global Intellectual History Vol. 5, No. 1, pp. 104-124.Jan 15, 2016 FREE EBOOK A Military History and Atlas of the Napoleonic Wars ONLINE COLLECTION. Konezam. Read PDF A Military History and Atlas of the Napoleonic Wars Ebook.
In this far-ranging work, Alexander Mikaberidze argues that the Napoleonic Wars can only be fully understood with an international context in mind. France struggled for dominance not only on the plains of Europe but also in the Americas, West and South Africa, Ottoman Empire, Iran, India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Mediterranean Sea, and the AtlanAbout A History of the Royal Navy. The French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars were the first truly global conflicts. The Royal Navy was a key player in the wars and the key enabler of British success - at the cessation of hostilities Britain emerged as the only power capable of sustained global hegemony based on maritime and naval strength.Historians of the Napoleonic wars, of naval policy, of technology and ship design are all in Robert Gardiner's debt. This is a work of particular importance. This is a work of particular importance. The author is pleased to accept the review and will not be commenting further due to outstanding commitments.From the British expeditions to Argentina and South Africa to the Franco-Russian maneuvering in the Ottoman Empire, the effects of the French Revolution and Napoleonic Wars would shape international affairs well into the next century. In Egypt, the Wars led to the rise of Mehmed Ali and the emergence of a powerful Egyptian state; in North America,In the maelstrom of Napoleonic Europe, Britain remained defiant, resisting French imperial ambitions. This Anglo-French rivalry was, essentially, a politico-economic conflict for pre-eminence fought on a global scale and it reached a zenith in 1806-1808 with France’s apparent dominance of Continental Europe. Britain reacted swiftly and decisively to implement maritime-based strategies to.Jun 03, 2019 One of the most important part of the social reforms was the abolition of serfdom in 1807. Restrictions on the lower classes were lifted in order to create a more patriotic and united Prussian nation and society. As for the military reforms, a War Ministry was created in 1809 and Prussian War Academy was founded in 1810.Hew Strachan, European Armies and the Conduct of War, pp. 38-58 This reading provides a general overview and background on Napoleonic warfare and wars. It is useful if you know nothing at all about the period, but, even then, many of the salient points will be discussed in the Paret and Shy readings in this lesson.
Assorted Books W/Washable Markers
Oxford Reading Tree: Stage 2: More Wrens Storybooks: Goal!
Under the Bridge (7 to 10 Stories)
The Pillars of Solomon
I Take This Woman
A Man of Leisure
Texas Real Estate Principles
Cluse R.#1F.Douglass 1A

Measuring distances from our robot to other objects, is one of the most common data we want to obtain. For example, if we are building an autonomous vehicle, we want to check it’s distance from obstacles to help it make the right decision about it’s course. There are also many more examples of robots that we want them to activate mechanisms when something or someone gets close to them.
One of the simplest, cheapest and most accurate ways to measure distances, is by using ultrasonic sensors. Their working principle is based on the fact that sound is reflected upon most objects and materials.
These sensors have a transmitter that sends a short ultrasonic burst and a receiver that senses the ultrasound upon it’s return. Knowing the speed of the sound in the air (approximately 343 m/sec), we can calculate the distance it traveled, if we measure the time passed for the ultrasound to return to the sensor.
All ultrasonic sensors operate in a similar way. They send a short (a few microseconds long) ultrasonic burst from the transmitter and measure the time it takes for the sound to return to the receiver.
Let’s say that it took 10 milliseconds for the ultrasound to return to the sensor. That means:
- that the time in seconds is 0,01.
- Knowing that sound travels in the air 343 meters for every second, we can calculate the distance in meters by simply multiplying seconds by 343. in our case 0,01 x 343 = 3,43 meters.
- This is the distance that the ultrasound traveled to the obstacle and back to the sensor, so the obstacle is 3,43/2 = 1,715 meters away from the sensor.
Pros and Cons.
The main advantages of using ultrasonic sensors to measure distance are:
- they are cheap and there is a plethora of choices in the market,
- they are not affected by the color or the transparency of obstacles,
- they are not affected by lighting conditions,
- they are pretty accurate on their measurements.
Their drawbacks are:
- They don’t work well enough on obstacles with small surfaces.
- The angle of the surface of the obstacle is crucial for the sensor.
- Obstacles made from sound absorbing materials (for example sponges) are hard to be traced by the sensor, since the absorb sound.
Choosing a sensor.
There is a wide variety of ultrasonic sensors on the market, for most robotics platforms. For those who prefer working with the Lego platform, EV3 and the older NXT, include ultrasonic sensors. Some examples of using them in the classroom are:
If you are an Arduino or Raspberry pi fan and want to dive more into how these sensors work, there are several options that you can find online. The most common and affordable choice is the HC-SR04, which costs less than a euro on ebay (August 2018). For more details and comparative tests with various ultrasonic sensors, i advise you to watch two detailed videos (here and here) from Andreas Spiess channel on Youtube.
Connecting the sensor to Arduino and programming.
The HC-SR04 sensor has 4 pins:
- VCC, that is connected to 5V,
- GND, that is connected to Ground,
- TRIG (Trigger), that is connected to the transmitter to send the ultrasonic burst,
- ECHO, that is connected to the receiver.
There are two ways to connect the sensor to Arduino:
- Connect TRIG and ECHO to different digital pins and make all the hard work and calculations in our program,
- connect TRIG and ECHO to the same digital pin and use a library to make all the calculations.
I am going to start from the second way (easy) and then stay longer on the first, which gives the programmer more control and as an educator i find it more interesting.
One pin connection and the NewPing library.
For my program to work i will need to install the NewPing library to my Arduino IDE, using the library manager.
Now i can write a simple program to print the distance obtained by the sensor to the Serial monitor.
I uploaded the program to the board and started testing.
Two pin connection – Calculating distance from time.
As an educator, i find it more interesting to dig in the working principal of things, even if that means more work for my students. In order to do so in this example we will have to forget the luxury of the NewPing library and make all the calculations ourselves. First of all i changed the schematic by connecting the TRIG and ECHO to different digital pins.
Before i can start coding there are some things i need to clarify:
- TRIG (Trigger) has a default LOW state and when we change it to HIGH it starts sending ultrasonic burst.
- When ECHO receives the bouncing sound it returns a HIGH pulse to the Arduino.
- I will use the pusleIn function to measure the time the ECHO pin stays in HIGH state. This functions returns time in microseconds.
Now i can start my algorithm:
- Set TRIG pin to HIGH.
- Wait for a short period of time (10 microseconds).
- Set TRIG pin to LOW. Now i have sent a short ultrasonic burst.
- Get the time from ECHO pin in microseconds.
- Convert microseconds to seconds (division by 1.000.000).
- Calculate the distance the sound traveled in meters. Multiply seconds by 343 m/sec.
- Now i have the distance i meters. I will convert it to centimeters by multiplying by 100.
- This is the distance the sound traveled to the obstacle and back. So the distance of the obstacle from the sensor is half of that. So i divide distance by 2.
I upload the program to my board and the sensor works as with the NewPing library, returning decimal values since all my variables are float.
Digging even further – Finding the actual speed of sound based on temperature and humidity.
So far i used the speed of sound to calculate distance from time, assuming that this is a constant value of 343 m/sec. That is not actually true. Speed of sound depends on the “density” of the mean it travels through. In solid materials the speed of sound is greater than liquids and in liquids sound travels faster than through gases.
The ultrasonic sensor sends sound through air which is a gas. In gases the speed of sound is affected mostly by the gas temperature, less by the gas humidity and even less by the gas pressure. For example in air with pressure of 1 Atm and
- temperature of 0 degrees Celsius (32 F) and 50% humidity, the speed of sound is 331.61 m/sec,
- temperature of 20 degrees Celsius (68 F) and 50% humidity, the speed of sound is 343.99 m/sec,
- temperature of 30 degrees Celsius (86 F) and 50% humidity, the speed of sounds is 350,31 m/sec και
- temperature of 30 degrees Celsius (86 F) and 90% humidity, the speed of sound is 351,24 m/sec.
There are many online calculators for the speed of sound. I used the one on http://www.sengpielaudio.com/calculator-airpressure.htm to get the above results.
Since i had a cheap temperature – humidity sensor lying around (DHT11 Temperature and Humidity Sensor), i decided to improve the calculations in my code, using these two values to estimate a more accurate speed of sound value.
First of all i embedded the new sensor in my schematic. Typical DHT11 sensors have either 3 pins (5V, GND and Signal) or 4 pins (5V, GND, Signal and NULL). The connections are as follows:
- 5V DHT11 –> 5V Arduino
- GND DHT11 –> GND Arduino
- SIGNAL DHT11 –> A0 pin Arduino
The next step was to add the measurement of temperature and humidity in my code using the dht.h library, which you can download from here. I followed the step by step tutorial from Brainy Bits and now the only thing i needed was to calculate the actual speed of sound.
After a long search, i found that the formula needed was originally published in 1993 by Owen Cramer in his work “The variation of the specific heat ratio and the speed of sound in air with temperature, pressure, humidity, and CO2 concentration.”. I was also happy to find a JAVA implementation by a research team from the Univeristy of Sao Paolo Brazil. With a few tweaks to adjust it to my code the full program is as follows:
I uploaded the program to my board and starting testing. I was happy to have more accurate measurements, even if that does not play a significant role in small distances of few cm.
Using the ultrasonic sensor in class.
The use of ultrasonic sensors in educational robotics is very common and there are hundreds of examples over the internet, either using the Lego platform or Arduino and Raspberry pi. Recently tinkercad added a new command block for getting the distance from an ultrasonic sensor.
I find particularly interesting, for educational purposes, the analytical way of calculating the distance, from the time the sound takes to travel to the obstacle and back.
In a previous project (smart trash can), that we implemented with my students from the evening club Young Hackers, we spent a lot of time to fully understand the algorithm that calculates distance from time using an analytical worksheet (in greek). We implemented the algorithm using a block style language (Ardublockly) that helped students a lot to understand every step of the way.

Word count: 100
~~HIM WITH THE DOG COLLAR~~
Susanna thought her husband, the Reverend, the worst public speaker in the universe. Whenever he climbed into the pulpit, he underwent a personality change: those unfunny anecdotes, the sepulchral voice, and the platitudes.
To cure her boredom, Susanna thought not of God but of shoes. Even vicars’ wives like to dream about shoes, especially in Lent when temptation expands in proportion to self-denial. Sometimes her frustration spilled over into an angry confession, and the Reverend told her, “It’s the Devil who distracts you with shoes, my dear.”
True, she couldn’t wear her sandals anymore due to her feet turning cloven.

I was most intrigued when I learnt Tushar Sethi was curating the art being housed at India’s first St. Regis Hotel; which unveiled itself amidst fireworks, champagne and an enviable but important art collection.
Here are a few of my favourite pieces of art (which are on public display), as I was indulged in a private art tour, soon after the opening.
What I appreciated was Sethi’s discerning passion for Indian art, which had him curate almost 150 pieces for the hotel. Along with artworks from his and Gayatri Ruia’s impressive personal collections, guests of the hotel are certainly bound to have memorable moments, looking at a treasure trove of not only masters like Hussain, Souza, Raza and Maity but modern and contemporary artists as well.
My favorite was a painting from Jagdish Swaminathan’s Bird, Tree and Mountain series. This piece is from Gayatri Ruia’s private collection. Christies valued an untitled artwork from this series at $182,500 at a recent auction. When I stood in front of it, it reminded me of Paul Klee’s work, it reminded me of surrealistic traditions, but most importantly, it reminded me of courage. Sometime in the 1960s, Swaminathan made a career change, from being a journalist to being a full-time artist. Little did he know that his art would find itself in homes, museums and luxury hotels around the world. Courage always pays its dividends, only, sometimes, you might not be alive to reap them.
Arunkumar H.G.’s neo-pop oeuvre was vibrantly on display, as I stepped out into the ninth floor lobby. A bull, a neon orange bull in fibreglass sits comfortably beside some indoor plantation. If you head over to Saffron Art, you will see what I mean. He has created several Nandis in several colors, using fiberglass. The artist’s love for toy making is what made me fall in love with this bull, not the didactic and moralist undertones of this intricate sculptural work.
PS: for those of you who know me, would know, that I’m fascinated by all things bovine, cows in art form is what I love collecting. Here is the one Jayesh Sachdev painted for me in 2013.
The Bengali, monochrome avoider, mythical creature lover in me did cartwheels when I saw the stunning Paresh Maity sculptor Equus Quatro on display. The oil painted fiberglass toy-like sculptor is of a four-headed horse like human, it has cathartically painted eyes, which watch all four directions. Romanticizing rural Bengal in an ornate luxury hotel, I would not have it any other way. The hotel also houses a rather large watercolor by the artist. Maity has achieved proficiency over the medium, which not many have. The expansive four-by-eight feet long painting of a Shillong sunset had me standing still for several minutes, trying to appreciate the magical glow it emanated.
The hotel commissioned G.R. Iranna to create a mural for them. Iranna interpreted it in a three-piece canvas chronicling Bombay, as we know it. I could not decipher any postmodern logic but was taken aback by the twin themes of diversity and continuity. It made me frown, smile and peer. It also reminded me of my love for Bombay; because along with the paradoxes, the ironies, it also represents everlasting hope. Iranna’s artwork lives up to contemporary expectations and fits comfortably into the St. Regis hotel.
Outside the Library which is also their business centre hangs a chaotic canvas depicting a very chaotic city. Benaras. Manu Parekh is a modernist to reckon with. He walks around Benaras, soaks in the chaos, the rituals, the depravity and the colours and then expresses his interpretation of fear and faith on canvas. This theatrical canvas made me linger and come back to it a second time; this time, to see and not merely look.
Jogen Chowdhury’s five faces depicting human emotions found a wall at the St. Regis too. I would have been alarmed if he was not represented. These hand drawn, distorted, almost flaccid but very lucid portraits are dark. I am amazed when artists with very few strokes, conjure up memorable personalities. These five faces certainly need more light in the inner walls of the atrium where they are hung. These monochromatic works cast an eerie sense of curiosity in me. And my love for Chowdhury’s inky, freestyle, obese lines lived on.
And finally, when I was satiated with all the art that I had witnesses and after all the memories of growing up in a family of artists and art lovers had been invoked, and after I’d participated in the iconic Champagne Sabering ritual, where the head butler uses a very sharp saber to hack of a bottle of champagne, I was ready to go home. But not before I saw the most beautiful installation art, in the transit lobby.
Dhananjay Singh craftsmen, an artist, a sculptor and frankly a genius has welded a tree out of metal. His effortless navigation of metals makes his work breathtaking in detail and form. The most striking aspect of the figuration of this three-dimensional tree is the harmony of material and technique. The entire tree (the trunk, the branches) is created as a unit like cell. The marks of welding and yellow-colored brass markings only further the organic-growth narrative this installation sought to invoke. Its weight and magnitude made this magnum opus piece impossible to cart up to the ninth floor, so it lives, in silent splendour in the transit lobby.
Next time you are at the St. Regis, make sure you don’t rush through the hotel, but that you take the time to stop and appreciate Sethi’s discerning eye and excellent curation. He knew which ones to keep.

Deep in the backwoods of southern West Virginia, the men of the infamous Hatfield family have been blending unique moonshines and whiskeys for over 150 years. With original recipes passed down from generation to generation, Hatfield Family Moonshine is distilling more than just craft spirits. They’re distilling their heritage.
In 2014, Mark and Brenda Hatfield decided to open the Hatfield family’s secret bible of recipes to the public. Mark’s moonshining experience started before most people start kindergarten. He would keep watch for people in the middle of the forest while his father checked on the mashes and distilled moonshine.
The award-winning craft moonshine they offer today are the same spirits that Mark’s great great grandfather, Devil Anse Hatfield, drank. With original recipes dating back to 1863, each bottle tastes like tradition. Their Honey Charred in a Jar is an uncommon whiskey, aged in mason jars with small strips of charred oak floating in the whiskey. Have a sip and join the sweeter side of the feud.
The Bounty Hunter
2 oz. Trucker's Blackberry Whiskey
1 oz. Devil Anse Single Barrel Bourbon
1 oz. Walnut Maple Ratafia
Splash of Grenadine
2 Lime Slices
Mix whiskey, bourbon, ratafia together and pour over ice. Float a splash of grenadine on top with a twist of
lime. Garnish with the other lime slice.

style=”float: none; margin: 0px;” src=”https://canadianlodgingnews.com/media/uploads/2014/03/07/61a5991619a510450c3f66cece3a1f60.jpg”>
By Don Douloff, contributor
TORONTO—Since launching last August, the Ontario Restaurant Hotel & Motel Association’s Retrofit Savings Program for hotels and motels has audited 40 properties and identified approximately $800,000 per year in total energy savings.
Funded by the Ontario Power Authority (OPA), the program provides a free ASHRAE Level 1 energy audit valued at $2,000.
Following each audit, ORHMA writes a report recommending energy efficiency savings measures, including payback timelines.
In tandem with the report, the retrofit program suggests incentives, provided by the local electric utility (among Ontario’s 83 distributors), to offset the costs of upgrades; offers free assistance with incentive application submissions if the hotel chooses to proceed; and provides operational recommendations, including staff training to help properties further improve energy efficiency.
The 40 hotel audits identified potential energy savings in a number of areas, including lighting, HVAC, chillers, PTAC units, pumps, motors and building envelope, Robert Coish, ORHMA program director, told CLN.
Average payback of one year
The $800,000 in projected savings feature an average payback period of one year and translate to 8-million kilowatt hours of energy saved, said Coish, who conducts the onsite audits for ORHMA. Moreover, the 40 audits identified $294,000 in available incentives from local distribution companies, he said. “We are estimating more than 150 additional properties [will] be audited in 2014.”
While the energy savings potentially realized by the audited hotels are substantial, individual properties also stand to experience sizeable savings and take advantage of considerable incentives. For example, an audit of a large Toronto hotel resulted in a report outlining 4.8-million kilowatt hours of potential savings, $487,017 per year in energy savings (based on $0.10 per kilowatt hour) and incentives totaling $90,942, said Coish.
So far, ORHMA has assisted a hotel in Windsor, ON, with submitting an incentive application through the local electrical utility. That project, said Coish, would entail replacing T12 fixtures with LED recessed downlights in hallways and guestrooms.
It would cost $6,032 and provide 23,260 kilowatt hours in total energy savings, translating to $3,259 in yearly energy savings. Once eligible incentives of $2,668 are factored in, the payback period is 1.1 years.

It comes with air cargo from Turkey on a daily basis.
Original Karaköy Güllüoğlu quality.
Nadir Dolama, is made of 12-layer phyllo. It is rolled into a wrap. Its ingredients include large pistachios in handfuls. As the number of phyllo layers is quite less compared to other baklawa types, its cook time is also shorter than that of other baklawa. It is cooked at 170°C

"Buying or selling your home is stressful!! Richard was very knowledgeable and honest with us with all of our questions and listened to every concern we had wether big or small, he made the WHOLE process a success!!! I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND anyone buying or selling to contact Richard.
Ron & Darla Schnieder
"Richard is very knowledgable, honest and patient, which made buying my first house feel so easy! I would highly recommend Richard to anyone looking to buy or sell. "
We were so pleased to have Richard help us purchase our home. He also sold my condo. He's honest , patient and informative. We are very happy with our purchase. We recommend calling him to buy or sell your property.
Roger and Elaine
"We would like to thank Richard for the sale of our house, he gave us an honest evaluation of our house to sell at right price and was very fast at finding right person to buy our house. He made it very easy for us to get it sold thanks again."

To use all functions of this page, please activate cookies in your browser.
With an accout for my.bionity.com you can always see everything at a glance – and you can configure your own website and individual newsletter.
- My watch list
- My saved searches
- My saved topics
- My newsletter
Diabetic neuropathies are neuropathic disorders that are associated with diabetes mellitus. These conditions are thought to result from diabetic microvascular injury involving small blood vessels that supply nerves (vasa nervorum). Relatively common conditions which may be associated with diabetic neuropathy include third nerve palsy; mononeuropathy; mononeuropathy multiplex; diabetic amyotrophy; a painful polyneuropathy; autonomic neuropathy; and thoracoabdominal neuropathy.
Additional recommended knowledge
Diabetes is the leading known* cause of neuropathy in developed countries, and neuropathy is the most common complication and greatest source of morbidity and mortality in diabetes patients. It is estimated that the prevalence of neuropathy in diabetes patients is approximately 20%. Diabetic neuropathy is implicated in 50-75% of nontraumatic amputations.
The main risk factor for diabetic neuropathy is hyperglycemia.It is important to note that people with diabetes are more likely to develop symptoms relating to peripheral neuropathy as the excess glucose in the blood results in a condition known as Glucojasinogen. This condition is affiliated with erectile dysfunction and epigastric tenderness which in turn results in lack of blood flow to the peripheral intrapectine nerves which govern the movement of the arms and legs. In the DCCT (Diabetes Control and Complications Trial, 1995) study, the annual incidence of neuropathy was 2% per year, but dropped to 0.56% with intensive treatment of Type 1 diabetics. The progression of neuropathy is dependent on the degree of glycemic control in both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. Duration of diabetes, age, cigarette smoking, hypertension, height and hyperlipidemia are also risk factors for diabetic neuropathy.
Pathology and pathogenesis
There are four factors thought to be involved in the development of diabetic neuropathy:
Vascular and neural diseases are closely related and intertwined. Blood vessels depend on normal nerve function, and nerves depend on adequate blood flow. The first pathological change in the microvasculature is vasoconstriction. As the disease progresses, neuronal dysfunction correlates closely with the development of vascular abnormalities, such as capillary basement membrane thickening and endothelial hyperplasia, which contribute to diminished oxygen tension and hypoxia. Neuronal ischemia is a well-established characteristic of diabetic neuropathy. Vasodilator agents (e.g., ACE inhibitors, α1-antagonists) can lead to substantial improvements in neuronal blood flow, with corresponding improvements in nerve conduction velocities. Thus, microvascular dysfunction occurs early in diabetes, parallels the progression of neural dysfunction, and may be sufficient to support the severity of structural, functional, and clinical changes observed in diabetic neuropathy.
Advanced glycated end products
Elevated intracellular levels of glucose cause a non-enzymatic covalent bonding with proteins, which alters their structure and destroys their function. Some of these glycosylated proteins have been implicated in the pathology of diabetic neuropathy and other long term complications of diabetes.
Protein kinase C (PKC)
PKC is implicated in the pathology of diabetic neuropathy. Increased levels of glucose cause an increase in intracellular diacylglycerol, which activates PKC. PKC inhibitors in animal models will increase nerve conduction velocity by increasing neuronal blood flow.
Also called the Sorbitol/Aldose Reductase Pathway, the Polyol Pathway may be implicated in diabetic complications that result in microvascular damage to nervous tissue, and also to the retina and kidney which also have lots of microvasculature themselves.
Glucose is a highly reactive compound, and it must be metabolized or it will find tissues in the body to react with. Increased glucose levels, like those seen in Diabetes, activates this alternative biochemical pathway, which in turn causes a decrease in glutathione and an increase in reactive oxygen radicals. The pathway is dependent on the enzyme aldose reductase. Inhibitors of this enzyme have demonstrated efficacy in animal models in preventing the development of neuropathy.
While most body cells require the action of insulin for glucose to gain entry into the cell, the cells of the retina, kidney and nervous tissues are insulin-independent. Therefore there is a free interchange of glucose from inside to outside of the cell, regardless of the action of insulin, in the eye, kidney and neurons. The cells will use glucose for energy as normal, and any glucose not used for energy will enter the polyol pathway and be converted into sorbitol. Under normal blood glucose levels, this interchange will cause no problems, as aldose reductase has a low affinity for glucose at normal concentrations.
However, in a hyperglycemic state (Diabetes), the affinity of aldose reductase for glucose rises, meaning much higher levels of sorbitol and much lower levels of NADPH, a compound used up when this pathway is activated. The sorbitol can not cross cell membranes, and when it accumulates, it produces osmotic stresses on cells by drawing water into the cell. Fructose does essentially the same thing, and it is created even further on in the chemical pathway.
The NADPH, used up when the pathway is activated, acts to promote nitric oxide and glutathione production, and its conversion during the pathway leads to reactive oxygen molecules. Glutathione deficiencies can lead to hemolysis caused by oxidative stress, and we already know that nitric oxide is one of the important vasodilators in blood vessels. NAD+, which is also used up, is necessary to keep reactive oxygen species from forming and damaging cells.
In summary, excessive activation of the Polyol pathway leads to increased levels of sorbitol and reactive oxygen molecules and decreased levels of nitric oxide and glutathione, as well as increased osmotic stresses on the cell membrane. Any one of these elements alone can promote cell damage, but here we have several acting together.
Experimental evidence has yet to confirm that the polyol pathway actually is responsible for microvasculature damage in the retina, kidney and/or neurons of the body. However, physiologists are fairly certain that it plays some role in neuropathy.
Diabetic neuropathy affects all peripheral nerves: pain fibers, motor neurons, autonomic nerves. It therefore necessarily can affect all organs and systems since all are innervated. There are several distinct syndromes based on the organ systems and members affected, but these are by no means exclusive. A patient can have sensorimotor and autonomic neuropathy or any other combination. Symptoms vary depending on the nerve(s) affected and may include symptoms other than those listed. Symptoms usually develop gradually over years.
Usual symptoms may be:
Longer nerve fibers are affected to a greater degree than shorter ones, because nerve conduction velocity is slowed in proportion to a nerve's length. In this syndrome, decreased sensation and loss of reflexes occurs first in the toes bilaterally, then extends upward. It is usually described as glove-stocking distribution of numbness, sensory loss, dysesthesia and nighttime pain. The pain can feel like burning, pricking sensation, achy or dull. Pins and needles sensation is common. Loss of proprioception, that is, the sense of where a limb is in space, is affected early. These patients cannot feel when they are stepping on a foreign body, like a splinter, or when they are developing a callous from an ill-fitting shoe. Consequently, they are at risk for developing ulcers and infections on the feet and legs, which can lead to amputation. Similarly, these patients can get multiple fractures of the knee, ankle or foot, and develop a Charcot joint. Loss of motor function results in dorsiflexion contractures of the toes, loss of the interosseous muscle function and leads to contraction of the digits, so called hammer toes. These contractures occur not only in the foot but also in the hand where the loss of the musculature makes the hand appear gaunt and skeletal. The loss of muscular function is progressive.
The autonomic nervous system is composed of nerves serving the heart, gastrointestinal system and urinary-genital system. Autonomic neuropathy can affect any of these organ systems. The most commonly recognized autonomic dysfunction in diabetics is orthostatic hypotension, or the uncomfortable sensation of fainting when a patient stands up. In the case of diabetic autonomic neuropathy, it is due to the failure of the heart and arteries to appropriately adjust heart rate and vascular tone to keep blood continually and fully flowing to the brain[failure of the sensitivty of the baroreceptors]. This symptom is usually accompanied by a loss of sinus respiratory variation, that is, the usual change in heart rate seen with normal breathing. When these 2 findings are present, cardiac autonomic neuropathy is present.
GI tract manifestations include delayed gastric emptying, gastroparesis, nausea, bloating, and diarrhea. Because many diabetics take oral medication for their diabetes, absorption of these medicines is greatly affected by the delayed gastric emptying. This can lead to hypoglycemia when an oral diabetic agent is taken before a meal and does not get absorbed until hours, or sometimes days later, when there is normal or low blood sugar already. Sluggish movement of the small instestine can cause bacterial overgrowth, made worse by the presence of hyperglycemia. This leads to bloating, gas and diarrhea.
Urinary symptoms include urinary frequency, urgency, incontinence and retention. Again, because of the retention of sweet urine, urinary tract infections are frequent. Urinary retention can lead to bladder diverticula, stones, reflux nephropathy.
When cranial nerves are affected, oculomotor (3rd) neuropathies are most common. The oculomotor nerve controls all of the muscles that move the eye with the exception of the lateral rectus and superior oblique muscles. It also serves to constrict the pupil and open the eyelid. The onset of a diabetic third nerve palsy is usually abrupt, beginning with frontal or periorbital pain and then diplopia. All of the oculomotor muscles innervated by the third nerve may be affected, except for those that control pupil size. This is because pupillary function within CNIII is found on the periphery of the nerve (in terms of a cross sectional view), which makes it less susceptible to ischemic damage (as it is closer to the vascular supply). The sixth nerve, the abducens nerve, which innervates the lateral rectus muscle of the eye (moves the eye laterally), is also commonly affected but fourth nerve, the trochlear nerve, (innervates the superior oblique muscle, which moves the eye downward) involvement is unusual. Mononeuropathies of the thoracic or lumbar spinal nerves can occur and lead to painful syndromes that mimic myocardial infarction, cholecystitis or appendicitis. Diabetics have a higher incidence of entrapment neuropathies, such as carpal tunnel syndrome.
Despite advances in the understanding of the metabolic causes of neuropathy, treatments aimed at interrupting these pathological processes have been limited by side effects and lack of efficacy. Thus, with the exception of tight glucose control, treatments are for reducing pain and other symptoms and do not address the underlying problems.
Agents for pain control include tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). A systematic review concluded that "tricyclic antidepressants and traditional anticonvulsants are better for short term pain relief than newer generation anticonvulsants."
Tight glucose control
Treatment of early manifestations of sensorimotor polyneuropathy involves improving glycemic control. Tight control of blood glucose can reverse the changes of diabetic neuropathy, but only if the neuropathy and diabetes is recent in onset. Conversely, painful symptoms of neuropathy in uncontrolled diabetics tend to subside as the disease and numbness progress. Of course, these uncontrolled patients are at great risk for diabetic foot ulcers and amputation because of neuropathy.
TCAs include imipramine, amitriptyline, desipramine and nortriptyline. These drugs are effective at decreasing painful symptoms but suffer from multiple side effects that are dosage dependent. One notable side effect is cardiac toxicity, which can lead to fatal arrhythmias. At low dosages used for neuropathy, toxicity is rare, but if symptoms warrant higher doses, complications are more common. Among the TCAs, amitriptyline is most widely used for this condition, but desipramine and nortriptyline have fewer side effects.
Serotonin reuptake inhibitor
SSRIs include fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline and citalopram. They are less effective that TCAs in relieving pain, but are better tolerated. Side effects are rarely serious, and do not cause any permanent disabilities. They cause sedation and weight gain, which can worsen a diabetic's glycemic control. They can be used at dosages that also relieve the symptoms of depression, a common concommitent of diabetic neuropathy.
The SSNRI duloxetine (Cymbalta) is approved for diabetic neuropathy. By targeting both serotonin and norepinephrine, it targets the painful symptoms of diabetic neuropathy, and also treats depression if it exists. Typical dosages are between 60 mg and 120 mg.
AEDs, especially gabapentin and the related pregabalin, are emerging as first line treatment for painful neuropathy. Gabapentin compares favorably with amitriptyline in terms of efficacy, and is clearly safer. Its main side effect is sedation, which does not diminish over time and may in fact worsen. It needs to be taken three times a day, and it sometimes causes weight gain, which can worsen glycemic control in diabetics. Carbamazepine (Tegretol®) is effective but not necessarily safe for diabetic neuropathy. Its first metabolite, oxcarbazepine, is both safe and effective in other neuropathic disorders, but has not been studied in diabetic neuropathy. Topiramate has not been studied in diabetic neuropathy, but has the beneficial side effect of causing mild anorexia and weight loss, and is anecdotally beneficial.
Methylcobalamin, a special form of Vitamin B12, is being studied now for treatment of neuropathy, both injected and oral. Initial studies and anecdotal evidence in cats have been very encouraging.. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials suggested benefit, but the trials were not of good quality and the possibility of publication bias exists.
α-lipoic acid, an anti-oxidant that is a non-prescription dietary supplement has shown benefit in a randomized controlled trial that compared once-daily oral doses of 600 mg to 1800 mg compared to placebo, although nausea occurred in the higher doses.
In addition to pharmacological treatment there are several other modalities that help some cases. While lacking double blind trials, these have shown to reduce pain and improve patient quality of life particularly for chronic neuropathic pain: Interferential Stimulation; Acupuncture; Meditation; Cognitive Therapy; and prescribed exercise. In more recent years, Photo Energy Therapy devices are becoming more widely used to treat neuropathic symptoms. Photo Energy Therapy devices emit near infrared light typically at a wavelength of 890 nm. This wavelength is believed to stimulate the release of Nitric Oxide, an Endothelium-derived relaxing factor into the bloodstream, thus vasodilating the capilaries and venuoles in the microcirculatory system. This increase in circulation has been shown effective in various clinical studies to decrease pain and improve sensation in diabetic and non-diabetic patients. Photo Energy Therapy devices seem to address the underlying problem of neuropathies, poor microcirculation, which leads to pain and numbness in the extremities4, 5.
While it is quite true that recognized treatment modalities backed up by double blind trials do not address the underlying causality of diabetic neuropathy, two other programs have had substantial although still anecdotal results. The first involves a program of nutritional supplements put forth in an Internet article researched and published by diabetic neuropathy patients themselves (although heavily referencing peer-reviewed research articles). This article is entitled "A Multidisciplinary Approach to Diabetic Neuropathy Treatment" and its treatment regimen has been instrumental in substantial reversal in individuals throughout the world.
The second method involves a combination of a vegan diet combined with moderate walking exercise. It has been used over several decades to affect both Type II diabetes as well as diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
The mechanisms of diabetic neuropathy are poorly understood. At present, treatment alleviates pain and can control some associated symptoms, but the process is generally progressive.
As a complication, there is an increased risk of injury to the feet because of loss of sensation (see diabetic foot). Small infections can progress to ulceration (skin and soft tissue breakdown) and this may require amputation. In addition, motor nerve damage can lead to psychotic breakdown and imbalance.
|This article is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License. It uses material from the Wikipedia article "Diabetic_neuropathy". A list of authors is available in Wikipedia.|

Website price is the price of default size 3 square meters
MOQ : 3 square meters= 2m (width) x 1.5m (height)
Custom size : Tell us your Width & Height
Order quantity = Square meters = Width x height
If you need other size ,contact us about the width and height you want.
We will calculate the accurate price and change the price to you :) The more quantites you need,the more economical price you will get.We warmly welcome your inqury.
1 : What is the size of the mural wallpaper ?
This is custom mural wallpaper. We must produce according to your size. So please tell us your detail wall size (width & height).
2 : What is the price ?
Default price is the price of 3 square meters.Free shipping(Not including custom fees and the charges of remote region.
3 : Is the mural wallpaper self-adhesive ?
No.The mural wallpaper isn't self-adhesive.There isn't any glue or paste powder on it.You need to purchase the glue from your local hardware shop before pasting
4 : Is it the whole mural ?
No. It will be cut into several pieces in order that it could suit for the international shipping.But any size is the overall pattern.
5 : How about tax ? Any import charges or fees are buyers' responsibilities.We are not responsible for any customs duty.
6:What kind of payment you accept?
T/T,west union ,bank transfer,credit card,cash
7.How about return?
You have 7days to contact us and 30 days to return it from the date it was received .All the return items must be in origin packing ,you must provide us with the shipping tracking number.specific reason for return and your PO# .Shipping cost is beared by buyer. You may choose to have a replacement or refund.
Installation tips &Guide
1. Due to it is custom-made wallpaper,no inventory.We need 3-5 days to custom make and then we will give you the delivery.
2.We only shipp to the confirmed addresses.Your order address must match with your shipping adress.
3. we pack mail, postal parcels, if you are very urgent, you can choose the DHL, fedex, the Middle East routes, EMS.
4. Your order will be shipped with handling time with tracking number.
5. Normal lead time:3-5days
6. Shipping is free.But the custom fees and the charges of remote region are not included.
1. For all your inquiry,we will reply you as quickly as possible.
2. If there have any problems about the products,contact us please.We will take care of it immediately.
3. Free sample are available.You only need to pay the delivey.

Dimensions (Overall): 6.95 Feet (H) x 2.09 Inches (W) x 2.09 Inches (D)
Product Warning: Do not puncture or incinerate, keep out of eyes, combustible, flammable
Active Ingredient Strength Value: 1.5 Ounces
Treats and/or Prevents Against: Mosquitoes, Ticks, Biting Flies, Gnats, Chiggers
Formulation: Repels Pests
Disposability: Do not flush
Primary Active Ingredient: DEET
Application Type: Aerosol Spray
Primary active ingredient percentage: 25
Warranty: No Applicable Warranty. To obtain a copy of the manufacturer's or supplier's warranty for this item prior to purchasing the item, please call Target Guest Services at 1-800-591-3869
Item Number (DPCI): 084-18-0029
Origin: Made in the USA or Imported
OFF! Deep Woods Tick Insect Repellent Aerosol is formulated with 25% DEET, providing up to 8 hours of protection against ticks, mosquitoes biting flies, gnats, and chiggers. An easy-to-apply aerosol spray defends against Lyme Disease as well as mosquitos that may carry Zika, Dengue, or West Nile virus.
DIRECTIONS FOR USE: It is a violation of Federal law to use this product in a manner inconsistent with its labeling. Read and follow all directions and precautions on this product label. Hold container 6 to 8 inches from skin or clothing and spray with a slow sweeping motion. Do not apply over cuts, wounds, irritated or sunburned skin. Do not spray in enclosed areas. Use just enough repellent to cover exposed skin and/or clothing. Avoid over-application of this product Frequent reapplication and saturation are unnecessary. Do not allow children to handle this product. Do not apply to children's hands. When using on children, apply to your own hands and then put it on the child. After returning indoors, wash treated skin with soap and water. Spread evenly with hands to moisten all exposed skin. TO APPLY TO FACE: Spray palm of hand first and then apply sparingly and avoid eyes. Do not spray directly onto face. Do not apply near eyes and mouth. Apply sparingly around ears. WORKS ON OUTER SURFACES OF CLOTHING: Do not use under clothing. Spray shirts, pants, socks, and hats. For ticks and chiggers also spray cuffs, socks and around other openings in outer clothing. Will not damage cotton, wool, or nylon. Do not apply on or near acetate, rayon, spandex or other synthetics (other than nylon), furniture, plastics, watch crystals, leather and painted or varnished surfaces including automobiles.
STORAGE AND DISPOSAL. STORAGE: Store in a cool, dry place away from heat, sparks and open flame. DISPOSAL Do not puncture or incinerate! If empty: This container may be recycled in the few but growing number of communities where aerosol can recycling is available. Before offering for recycling, empty the container by using the product according to the label. If recycling is not available, place in hash. If partially filled: Call your local solid waste agency or 800-529-3394 for disposal instructions.
USES: Repels mosquitoes that may carry Dengue, West Nile, or Zika Virus. Also repels chiggers, fleas, gnats, ticks, biting flies, stable flies, black flies and sand flies.

Home When Away
Our family of elegantly designed and secure smart lock products.
Danalock works with
Danalock products support all major smart home systems, including Apple HomeKit, Zigbee, Z-Wave Plus and Bluetooth.
Grant Access to Your Home
Stop worrying about lost or forgotten keys.
The Danalock V3 smart lock makes it easy for you to lock or unlock the door with your smartphone.
As the owner of a Danalock, you can create an unlimited number of digital keys for your family, friends, guests or helpers such as a housekeeper or contractor. Program each user's access level by choosing permanent or temporary access. Set up alerts, so you know exactly when the lock is used — and by whom.
Enjoy the convenience of
The Danalock V3 offers you motorized locking assistance with Twist Assist. This function helps you engage the thumb turn.
When you activate this feature, you only need to turn the Danalock a few degrees and the motor will take over, locking or unlocking the door for you.
Intriguing Danish Design
With its simple Danish design and advanced encryption algorithm, the Danalock V3 offers a secure yet elegant door locking experience.
Home Automation Protocols
The Danalock V3 comes in versions that support the major smart home gateway systems, including Apple HomeKit, Z-Wave Plus, Zigbee and Bluetooth.
Supports All Integrations
The Danalock platform supports a wide range of integration options for third-party applications. Fully documented SDKs and APIs are available for partners. Danalock partners can integrate with their own commercial platform for their existing mobile apps, business applications or booking systems.

Markets do not exist in isolation and to learn Forex properly you must comprehend that stocks & shares, bonds, futures, indices, commodities, and Fx are all interrelated. como ganar dinero rapido y facil gratis is getting to be far more and a lot more linked. It is very straightforward for specific traders and huge investing establishments to go funds in between distinct tradeable things. The economies of the world are also tightly sure as was demonstrated quite effectively in the latest crash from 2008.
There is a whole department of investing referred to as inter-industry investigation exactly where traders examine the interactions amongst various buying and selling devices. The intention is to find correlations that can support forecast the long term motion in the markets and to make cash. Numerous of the correlations are related to the perception of chance and the place cash is moved at any one time. The massive players can transfer their investments quite rapidly to exactly where they think they will get higher returns or safer.
What kinds of correlations are there and why do they operate?
Effectively let’s take some examples.
Inflation & Gold
If there is a notion in the market place that price inflation is increasing then the benefit of traders’ funds is decreasing until they do one thing. A single of the favored devices to invest in at this time is Gold. You can see this presently (April 2011) the place the price of Gold is growing steadily due to the fact it is witnessed as a hedge against inflation. In other terms investors are buying Gold so as to offset the value of their funds as it decreases above time.
Oil versus US Dollar
There is an inverse connection amongst the benefit of the US greenback and oil, or at minimum there seems to be. Why would this occur? Well there are numerous theories this sort of as:
a) As the price of the dollar drops, the price of dollar denominated commodities has been boosted.
b) If the cost of oil goes up, and a region is a web importer of oil this kind of as the US, the this will worsen their equilibrium of trade deficit, and this weaken the worth of their currency.
c) The dollar is coming under stress as the reserve forex for purchasing oil, with other alternate options this kind of as the euro getting to be far more distinguished. This has commenced to undermine the value of the greenback.
I suspect is could be a combination of all these examples and other folks. The important stage is that as a trader we can take edge of this as we trade. There is also a correlation among the Canadian CAD and the oil price tag as well thanks to the truth that Canada is a major oil exporter.
AUD (Australian Dollar) and GOLD
The AUD has a connection with the price of GOLD because Australia is a main exporter of Gold. Therefore the much more the region can offer the much better its trade deficit will be and the benefit of its forex will rise. Simply because the New Zealand financial system is so inter-related with the Australian there is also a robust correlation in between the benefit of the NZD with the cost of Gold.
To summarise, its essential to comprehend these relationships due to the fact they can support you fortify your analysis on a particular currency pair. This is one more conjunction if your charts are telling you the EURUSD is dropping and you can see that the value of oil is likely up then that is a lot more supporting proof. For much more information click on on the link underneath.

Changes in firmware:
The new firmware incorporates the following enhancements and fixes:
1. Enhances eye detection Auto Focus (AF) for improved face and eye recognition at greater distances.
2. Improved Auto Focus (AF) performance helps the camera to focus on and track smaller subjects.
3. Reduces lag time between the actual Auto Focus (AF) and the AF frame display for images in the viewfinder or on the LCD.
4. Fixes a phenomenon in which the AF frame size cannot be changed in the Servo AF setting.
5. Fixes PTP communication vulnerability.
This firmware update is for camera equipped with older firmware version. If the camera firmware is already the latest version (Version 1.4.0), firmware update is unnecessary.
Preparations for the firmware update:
In the folder you downloaded are the firmware (EOSR0140.FIR / file size: 33,940,256 bytes) and instructions on the firmware update procedures (a PDF file in five languages: Japanese, English, French, Spanish, and Simplified Chinese). Before starting the firmware update operations, please be sure to check the procedure in accordance with the instruction.

Contemplating an adventure with Amtrak? Amtrak’s coach class is an economical and comfortable way to ride the rails. Over my many Amtrak rail travel miles, I chose coach class for both regional and long-distance routes. I am 6’2″, about 190 pounds, and I find that it works for me and could work for you.
Because Amtrak uses different equipment across the system, experiences can vary from what I have included. This article does not cover Acela trains because Acela does not have coach class, but many of the same ideas apply.
With Covid-19, Amtrak has made changes to a few procedures, and so parts of this article may not apply right now. At this point, you should get two-seat to yourself. Currently, Amtrak is cashless onboard, so plan accordingly, and there is no seating in the cafe car right now.
This article is on traveling on Amtrak coach contains:
- Why pick coach class?
- Comfort and amenities
- Boarding the train
- Quiet cars
- Packing list
Why should you pick Amtrak Coach Class?
There are four main reasons tor travel in coach:
- Some trains in only offers coach class, like the Hiawatha and other regionals
- You like to ride coach
- To save money trip, especially on shorter trips
- They are the seats left
What are the Amtrak’s coach class amenities?
Coach class includes:
- Generous luggage allowance
- At the seat
- Average seat width is 23′”
- Legroom and seat pitch will vary based on the type of train
- There is a double outlet; be friendly and share with your seatmate
- Overhead storage and luggage racks are available in the cars
- Seatback have a net for your small belongings
- Remember this is not a garbage can; clean up after yourself
- Fold-down trays (unless you are at the first row of seats) work well to hold food or your entertainment
- Long-distance route seats add leg and footrests, and the seats lean back further and offer more legroom
- Average seat width is 23′”
- Other amenities
- Two or more bathrooms per car
- On Superliner (bi-level cars) have toilets on the lower level
- Foodservice (more on this later)
- All long-distance trains have food along with most regional routes
- Checked bags and bikes services are available on some trains, only available at staffed stations (check before you book)
- Chill areas
- Sightseer Cars on Superliner trains and cafe cars on Viewliner and regional trains are places where you can go, stretch out, and relax.
- Two or more bathrooms per car
Boarding coach class- stations, getting on the train, and finding your seat
Stations – Getting ready to board
Boardings trains can vary from train to train and station to station.
At staffed stations, passengers receive instructions were to line up at a gate, number on the platform, or other instructions to prepare to board.
My “home station,” the Sturtevant Depot, is unstaffed and where I board the Hiawatha. Conductors make announcements (from the train) to let people know when the train arrives and what track we should meet. At this station, passengers walk to the open doors on the train to board as instructed by the conductors. Some stations are just a platform without announcements. At other unstaffed stations, there are no announcements. At these stations track, your train and the crew will give you instructions.
Being able to track your train at these places is Essential; the Amtrak app or a site like this can give the needed information.
If you need help at a staffed station, let someone know. Massive stations have Red Caps (people to help passengers to and from the train). At the unstaffed stations, alert the conductors that you need help.
If you need specialized help such as blind or vision issues, deaf or severe hearing loss, reduced mobility, or other disability that would require special accommodations, indicate that when you are on your tickets. For more information, click here.
Getting on the train
On non-reserved trains have open seating, meaning you can sit in any open seat on the train. “Open seating” may be protocol on reserved trains, too, while other routes crews may assign you a car. With most long-distance trains, the staff gives you a car and seat assignment.
When you are boarding a train, have your ticket out or pulled up on your device to help the conductor or car attendant. They may need to look at it to make sure you are getting on the right train.
Boarding at night
If you board a train between 10:00 pm and 7:00 am, remember there are people already on the train trying to sleep. Find your seat quietly, and try not to disturb your seatmate. It is frustrating when you just fell asleep to be disturbed by a new passenger. The train will be dark when you board but for the night lights. If you need help, ask a conductor or onboard staff.
A great tip: pack your sleeping gear in a sperate bag or on top of your luggage. By doing this, you reduce disruptions to others and, you can get comfortable and sleep faster.
If you cannot sleep, you can go to the lounge cars; they are open for seating during the trip. Make sure to have your ticket scanned before leaving.
Know where you are going
Conductors and crew members will ask where you are going, tell them the destination you are going on that train and not your final destination, unless that train takes you to your final destination. All the information you and the staff needs is on your ticket, including where you get off trains to transfer.
Here is an example of a trip I took:
With this example, when I board the Palmetto, the staff wants to know that I will be going to Wilson, NC, and not Kissimme, FL.
Knowing your train’s number helps when looking at the arrival and departure boards. Back to the above example, the 90 Palmetto is northbound, and the 89 Palmetto is southbound.
Amtrak Coach Class Quiet Car
Some regional trains have a Quiet Car; this is a magical place with simple rules, phones on silent, use headphones if your devices are making noise, talk in a whisper, and refrain from talking on your phone. There is no charge for this car or special ticketing, and seats are available to the first person who sits down.
These cars are for people to work, sleep, or unwind without regular coach class noises. The only advantage of these cars is, it’s quiet, and silence is golden. The Quit Car is not the right car for you if you need to make phone calls or if you want to chat with your travel buddy.
What should coach passengers pack?
Extras I often pack for coach class trips:
- A reusable water bottle
- Extension cord
- I try to carry snacks even on short trips
- Make sure it does not smell bad
- Egg salad, smelly fish, and the like are never a good
- Charger and cords for all your devices
- A tablet is handy (but optional)
- You can use it for entertainment such as downloaded movies, books, and music
- Store Amtrak train schedules
- Amtrak conductors can scan your documents off of your electronic device (email or e-ticket in the app), or you can print them out
- Wet wipes
- These come in handy and can help you freshen or a tray table.
Long-distance coach class
If you are traveling for a night plus consider the list above plus
- You can make your own or get one of the Amtrak comfort kit (available in the cafe)
- Neck pillow
- Small blanket
- Sleep aids
What food options are available for Amtrak coach class passengers?
Many regional trains feature a cafe car, although smaller run trains may not offer food service. Cafe car menus can vary based on region or route.
Long-distance routes offer a cafe car, and those running west of the Mississippi have dining cars coach passengers can use. At some point trains, east of the Mississippi will return to coach passengers to access this service.
You are allowed to bring food and drink, but any alcohol you bring must stay packed. You cannot consume your food in food cars due to FDA regulations.
NOTE: For information on what is going on with the eastern train, check out this page.
Overnighting in Amtrak coach class
Amtrak around 10 pm all but the night lights will turn off, and the conductors discontinue announcements.
Sidenote: you cannot turn off the night lights and do not try to take the bulbs out (yes, I have seen this attempted)
Be aware that sleeping in coach class is not like sleeping in a $500 a night hotel, first off. If you can afford that, why are you traveling in coach? The seats recline far enough to be comfortable to get a few z’s but far enough to be not flat. I am a side sleeper and often can find a comfortable position. Occasionally you are lucky and get two seats together just for you, but that is not guaranteed. Find your sweet spot, and a sleep aid can help you slumber.
If you are the type that needs to sleep flat, consider upgrading to a room.
Can I get off the train? And where can I go while on the train?
If a train comes to a stop early, often the crew lets passengers get off the train. There are spots along long-distance routes designed for you to off the train. These longer stops are where Amtrak has crew changes or fuels the locomotives and refill the water in the cars.
At these stops, you can stretch out, get some fresh air, grab a smoke. Do not wander too far from the train. The train can leave any time after its scheduled time, with or without you. Listen to the crew for the “all aboard.’ Often the engineer will toot the horn twice as a warning.
While on the train, you can get up and walk around. As a coach passenger, you are not allowed in the Sleeper Lounges or sleepers. The only time you should be in the dining car is for a meal or to make reservations if you boarded after you took. If you need to stretch your legs, you can stroll through the coaches or walk to the cafe car and Sightseer lounges.
Amtrak coach class alternatives
If you don’t think coach class is right for you, you may be right. On many trains, you have options.
Business-class is available on many regional trains and a few long-distance routes. Often business class has priority boarding large stations, leather seats, a little more legroom, and free drink free refills on coffee and tea (confirm with the attendant). Additionally, the business-class is usually quieter than the regular coach class. This class can be part of the cafe car or a dedicated car.
Long-distance routes offer sleeping cars (roomettes, bedrooms, accessible rooms). The Palmetto does not provide a sleeping class, but that is not an overnight long-distance train; some trains also have a family room.
The downside of Amtrak Coach Class
Just like all other public transportation, you will probably sit next to someone you do not know. Every once in a while, you could end up with a fellow passenger that does not share the same manners as you. Over the years, this has been more of an exception to the rule than the standard.
For full disclosure, I did ride in coach a few times and did not deal with things I didn’t like as well as I should. Aka, I let others make me crabby. I let their behavior bother me instead of just minding my own business and moving on with my life.
If you are easily bothered, possibly a constant complainer, maybe coach class is not for you, and upgrading might be better.
Other tidbits about Amtrak Coach Class
You can track the progress of your train a few ways; the Amtrak app or this website. To optimize your use of these sites, you need the station and the number of the train you are trying to track. Twitter is also a resource to learn about the causes of delays.
For general safety, remember when riding Amtrak, if you see something that is wrong, say something. Talk to a conductor or the Amtrak Police, and they can get talk to the train crew. Amtrak police numbers: 1-800-331-008 or text APD11 (27311).
WI-fi is not available on every train, and if it is, it may not have service during the entire route. Often there are sections of routes that you will not have cell service. In cases of an emergency, talk to a conductor. Remember, WI-fi is a luxury and not a right. Additionally, wi-fi on trains does not allow streaming movies and big downloads, and it is a convenience for surfing the web and emails; if you “NEED” wi-fi, consider getting a hotspot.
Occasionally, when traveling with a companion, you might end up with two seats not together; talk to a conductor about moving as seats clear up. If you are not assigned seats, you can get up and move. If you have a seat ticket (a small slip of paper above your chair with your destination), take that with you. By doing so, the staff knows when you get off that your tickets got scanned, and your old seat is now free. If you have questions, ask the onboard crew.
How to get kicked off the train
While in coach class, you can transport alcohol in your luggage, but you cannot drink from your stash. Beer, wine, and the harder stuff are available in the cafe. If you get caught drinking the adult beverages that you brought, especially if you have a little too much, as Amtrak puts it, the next stop will be your stop. You might even get to ride to an exclusive “hotel” until you get back to yourself (aks arrested).
There are often smoke breaks along long-distance routes; these stops are usually at fueling stops or crew changes (they can happen simultaneously). If the train does arrive early, often, they let passengers out for a break. Never wander too far from the train, for the train can and will leave without you. When you get caught smoking on the train like above, the next stop will be your stop and possibly with an opportunity of a forced donation (aka a ticket/fine).
From experience, if someone smokes on the train, EVERYONE will know. The smell quickly will fill that car; trust me on this; I have experienced this on my first trip.
Remember, do not transport marijuana on Amtrak trains, even if you are in a state where it is legal. Amtrak trains are considered federal property and follow federal laws.
Opening door windows is another way to engage in conversation with the conductor and maybe police. Engineers can see when doors windows are open and will inform the conductors of such behavior.
A few Do’s and Don’ts of Amtrak Coach Class
- Eat noisy food or foods with strong odors anywhere on the train
- Use your electronic devices without headphones
- Make phone calls from 10 pm to 7 am from your seat. If you need to make a call go to a lounge area
- Wear a lot of perfume; it can be overwhelming for other passengers, use have or less
- Have unrealistic expectations. The scenery is not amazing 100% of the trip, nor is the ride be perfectly smooth. Traveling by train is public transportation, and like on other transports, not all people how to behave.
- Book tight connections or make plans for a short time after your scheduled arrival. Delays happen due to the host railroads.
- Leave messes, especially in public areas, i.e., bathrooms and cafe.
- Plan on sitting alone
- Be a table hog in the cafe car when it is busy. It’s unfair to your fellow passengers
- If the train is busy, take up more than one seat, you only paid for one, and the train is not your office
The “Do’s” of riding coach
- Use your inside voice while on the train
- Have proper hygiene
- Use headphones (yes, this is important) and keep them at a reasonable level. Just because you think your tune is a banger doesn’t mean everyone else does
- Take your eyes off the screen and look outside every once in a while, not every route has stunning vistas, but some views are breathtaking
- Be open-minded and pack your patients
- Talk to others
- Clean up after yourself
- Remember, perfect trips don’t always happen; often, imperfect journeys have stories are better
- Put your phone on silent or turn the ringer down especially at night; it’s polite to do
- Remember that Wi-fi is a luxury and not a right, and when available, it is not set up for streaming
- Plan on sitting next to someone you may not know
- Share the lounge tables when it’s busy; you could make a new friend or learn something
Don’t let negative things control your trip
I hope this will help you decided if coach class is right for you!

Please DO NOT use citrus/lemonade or menthol flavours in this pod. Citrus and menthol flavoured e-liquid will cause the plastic pods to crack and leak.
SMOK NORD 2 Pod Kit is a versatile pod system equipped with a 1500mAh battery, adjustable 1-40W max output, and comes with a NORD and RPM pod to support the respective coil options offered by SMOK. Upgrading many of the previous features, the Nord 2 Pod System can hold up to 4.5mL of eJuice within the refillable pod. Sold with two pods, the Nord 2 can support coils from both the Nord and RPM Coil Lines, accepted into the respective pod in a plug 'n' play manner for quick and easy installs or coil changes. In addition, the NORD 2 Kit maintains the same single-button layout, adding a 0.69" OLED display screen to relay the wattage output and battery life, adjusting the wattage with the single firing button. With improved readability and upgrades to the useful original features, makes the SMOK NORD 2 Kit a fine successor to the classic Nord Pod System we all fell in love with.
A 50% VG / 50% PG or 60% VG / 40% PG is recommended for this kit!
Looking for Nord Replacement Coils?
Looking for RPM Replacement Coils?
Looking for Replacement Pods?
Salt Nicotine is an additional $3.48 that will be added at checkout. Please DO NOT remove the product from the cart or you will not recieve this bottle.

Gibraltar develops Commonwealth connections
The Gibraltar Government is working to further develop the Rock’s links with the Commonwealth.
The Deputy Chief Minister Dr Joseph Garcia has held separate meetings in London with the Secretary General of the Commonwealth Baroness Scotland and with the UK Minister responsible for the Commonwealth, Lord Ahmad.
In a statement the Government said that Dr Garcia took the opportunity to explain the contribution made by Gibraltar in organisations like the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association, the Commonwealth Telecommunications Union and the Commonwealth Games.
“He highlighted how the values, the traditions and the history of Commonwealth have considerable resonance in Gibraltar where we are proud of our connections with the Commonwealth family,” the Government added.
In keeping with the tradition started last year, the Office of the Deputy Chief Minister in conjunction with the Department of Education, will be organising separate essay competitions on a Commonwealth theme for children of Middle and Secondary School age.
The aim is to present the awards to the winners around Commonwealth Day, which this year will be on Monday March, 12.
Dr Garcia said: “It was a real pleasure to meet with the Secretary General who was already well acquainted and informed about Gibraltar in general, particularly given her tenure as UK Minister of States for the Overseas Territories.”
“Indeed, she started the Overseas Territories Consultative Council that has today developed into the Joint Ministerial Council of Overseas Territories leaders.”
“I had already met Lord Ahmad when he served as Minister for Aviation, and it was particularly welcoming to meet him again in his new role as Minister for Commonwealth, which includes responsibility for the UK Overseas Territories.”
“The Government is keen to develop further our links with Commonwealth organisations and different Commonwealth countries at a time when we prepare to leave the European Union.”

On behalf of the children, staff and governors, I would like to welcome you to Parsonage Farm Nursery and Infant School.
Everyone here is dedicated to ensuring that ‘Together we create a rainbow of possibilities.’ We aim to create a happy, safe and caring environment where every child is valued and respected as an individual and central to our thinking and our actions. We are very proud of our school and welcome visitors.
Strong relationships, embedded school values, exciting learning opportunities and high expectations enable all children to leave Parsonage Farm with the confidence and skills to be independent, make decisions, make connections and become lifelong learners, so that they are prepared for the next stage in their education.
We hope your children will be very happy at our school and we look forward to working in close partnership with you.
Please contact the school if you require any further information or to arrange a visit.

Philip Anschutz, the CEO of concert and live event promoter AEG, is shooting down reports that he has worked against the LGBTQ community as “fake news” and “garbage.” In a statement to Rolling Stone, Anschutz said that he was proud that the Anschutz Entertainment Group – which runs Coachella and owns promoter Bowery Presents – was proud of employing people from diverse backgrounds.
Last year, Anschutz was included on a graph made by the LGBTQ-rights group Freedom for All Americans, viewable via The Washington Post, that suggested he and his foundation gave money to organizations opposing gay rights. The alleged foundations include Alliance Defending Freedom, a group that the Post says “advocates for your right to freely live out your faith,” Family Research Council, which the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as an “extremist group” and National Christian Foundation, which funds efforts to limit gay rights.
The article resurfaced on Thursday after Uproxx published an article under the headline, “Coachella Is Apparently Owned By An Anti-Gay, Climate Change Denier.”
“Recent claims published in the media that I am anti-LGBTQ are nothing more than fake news – it is all garbage,” he wrote. “I unequivocally support the rights of all people without regard to sexual orientation. We are fortunate to employ a wealth of diverse individuals throughout our family of companies, all of whom are important to us – the only criteria on which they are judged is the quality of their job performance; we do not tolerate discrimination in any form.”
He also claimed to endorse foundations that supported gay and lesbian rights. “Both the Anschutz Foundation and I contribute to numerous organizations that pursue a wide range of causes,” he wrote. “Neither I nor the Foundation fund any organization with the purpose or expectation that it would finance anti-LGBTQ initiatives, and when it has come to my attention or the attention of the Anschutz Foundation that certain organizations either the Foundation or I have funded have been supporting such causes, we have immediately ceased all contributions to such groups.”
Asked about giving to those specific groups, a rep for Anschutz said, “We have immediately ceased all contributions to such groups.”
Alliance Defending Freedom, one of the groups targeted by Freedom for All Americans, praised Anschutz and his family following his statement. “The Anschutz family has likely done more to help the poor and disadvantaged live a better life and to promote art and culture than all of their attackers combined,” Vice President of Communications Greg Scott tells Rolling Stone. “They deserve only honor and praise for their years of service to the many, many people who have benefited from their care and generosity.”
Matt McTighe, executive director of Freedom for All Americans, expressed optimism regarding Anschutz in a statement to Rolling Stone. “It’s encouraging to see that even those who’ve funded groups opposed to LGBT equality in the past are willing to change their views and come around to opposing discrimination,” McTighe said.

Steppin Out On Faith Learning Center
Afordable Childcare From A Caring Staff
About Our Program
Schedule And Pricing
What's The Buzz?
Discounts & Specials
Hmm... Let's try that again
A temporary problem prevented this page from loading properly. We have been notified and will be repairing it as soon as possible. You may try to refresh this page or try again at a later time. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Steppin Out On Faith Learning Center ©2009

This is your #1 stop shop for a fantastic day of fishing or just a relaxing weekend. Not only do we have all the bait that you will need, we also offer Fishing Trips, Boat Launching, and Boat Slips, Lodging (With a large deck overlooking the bay where you can relax and enjoy a beautiful sunset in the evening.) Fine food at Trucks Oven in the front of our building. Why go to those retail stores where the cashiers don't know any thing about fishing? At Sodus Point Bait Shop we know Fishing. Not only can we tell you what lure and color they are hitting on, we can also tell you where to go to find the big ones. We stock all the lures that the Pro's use. Michigan Stinger Spoons, Northern King Lures are just a few we have in stock.

We at Kitterman Woods are watching the development of Hurricane Irma very closely. While we always strive to provide excellent service to all of our residents, we also realize that the safety of our team during a storm is a priority.
Therefore, with that in mind we must close the office due to the impending storm.
We will close at 6pm today and reopen potentially on Tuesday (depending on the aftermath of the storm).
Please monitor the local news channels as well as the national hurricane center for updates on the storm’s path. http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/
Here are some things to keep in mind.
The National Hurricane center recommends that you have food/water & medications for at least 3 days in case of a major storm.
The windows and patio slider doors are the hurricane resistant glass so we do not have to shutter. Just make sure they are locked and secured.
Please bring everything in off your patio or secure it in the storage closet. Anything left out doors could become airborne and damage property or cars.
If you live on the 1st floor you may want to pick valuables/electronics up off of the floor in case of water intrusion. You are permitted to put sand bags by your patio and/or front door if you wish.
We do not have generators but all of our power lines are underground so even if FPL cuts the power it should be back on quickly. However, this will be entirely up to FPL. Our maintenance team cannot do anything to restore power to the property.
Water service should not be interrupted unless something major happens at the plant or there is a major breach somewhere in system. Again, this will be up to the county water department. Our maintenance team cannot do anything to restore water service to the property.
The property is designed for drainage however, depending on the amount of rainfall there could be some flooding on the property as well as on the local roads. Maintenance will not be able to respond to anything until the storm as safely passed.
You can expect wind damage to the landscaping and preserve areas as normally occurs with hurricane strength winds. All landscaping issues will be addressed after the storm as safely passed.
Should you have any damage to your home during the storm please be advised for safety. Maintenance will not be able to respond to anything until the storm has safely passed.
At that time, they will address any maintenance concerns in the order of importance. Providing phone service stays in service you will be able to call in your requests/concerns during the storm by calling 772-461-0444. You can also submit your request via our website at: https://kittermanwoods.com/service-request/
Do not go outside your home during the storm as you could be injured by flying debris. Storms are unpredictable so be sure to keep up-to-date on the latest location, strength etc. You should watch the news or check the NOAA website for guidelines/instructions. http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/
We all hope that Irma will be a passing storm far away from our homes. Please stay safe and we thank you all in advance for your cooperation and understanding during this time of emergency.
-Kitterman Woods Management-

Exclusively for AARP Members
you can count on
Added peace of mind may cost a lot less than you think.
Not an AARP member yet?
You can join AARP and apply for
group coverage all at the same time.
Need more than $50,000 in coverage?
Call New York Life at 1-800-607-6957
Monday to Friday: 8 a.m.- 8 p.m., and Saturday 9 a.m.-5 p.m. (ET)

Mobile roaming fees highest in Canada: OECD
Roaming rates to fall more than 50 per cent within weeks: Telus
Canadian largest wireless providers charge some of the highest fees for international data roaming among the 34 countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Canadians travelling abroad paid an average of $24.06 to use one megabyte of data in a single day if they were Bell and Rogers subscribers during the study period last fall. That's 2.6 times the OECD average of $9.27, according to the report released Wednesday.
One megabyte is equivalent to the amount of data needed to send 10 photos, the report said.
The OECD compared advertised mobile data roaming offers from the two largest operators in each of the 34 OECD countries between Sept. 7 to Oct. 7, 2010. According to the Canadian Wireless Telecommunications Association, Rogers was the wireless company with the biggest market share in 2010, with 9.0 million subscribers, followed by Bell and its affiliates with 7.2 million.
Roaming charges were second-highest in the U.S. ($21.58) and Mexico ($19.42) and lowest in Greece ($4.08).
Canadian fees were a little more competitive for longer trips — Canada slipped to the fifth most expensive spot, behind Chile, the U.S., Poland and Japan, when comparing the cost of five megabytes of data over five days. Fees varied by destination, and Canadian roaming fees for the lowest-priced destination were below the OECD average.
The OECD called the prices "high" worldwide overall.
"Current pricing levels indicate that there is, in general terms, either insufficient retail or wholesale competition," the report said, adding that there is a "strong case for new consumer protection and empowerment measures."
It recommended that mobile operators put in place measures to reduce roaming charges such as sending a warning text message to users when they travel abroad or setting a cut-off limit based on price or the amount of data used.
The report suggested two possible reasons why prices are so much lower in Greece than in Canada:
- Lower wholesale prices, with savings being passed on to consumers.
- Greater competition in the retail roaming market.
Michael Geist, a law professor at the University of Ottawa who holds a Canada Research Chair in internet and e-commerce law, wrote on his blog Wednesday that the report is "yet another illustration of the high cellphone costs faced by Canadian consumers and the desperate need for a more competitive marketplace."
'Consumer pain point'
Carly Suppa, a spokeswoman for Rogers, said in an email that her company believes it is "critical to make roaming affordable and we’re continually looking for ways to deliver this for our customers."
She said Rogers has a number of specially priced roaming packages available, including one for unlimited roaming in the U.S. for $10 a month on top of regular domestic plan fees and others that cost $0.80 to $3 per megabyte of data.
"These products would rank us among the lowest cost of countries surveyed," she wrote.
Brent Johnston, vice-president of mobility marketing for Telus Corp., said his company agrees wholeheartedly with the OECD study's conclusion that more attention needs to be paid to international roaming fees and making things simpler for clients.
"This is a consumer pain point. It’s clear," he said.
He said the timing of the study was unfortunate because he expects Telus's roaming rates to fall by "well over 50 per cent" within weeks.
That's because of new competition from new wireless entrants in Canada and recent international agreements signed by Telus and Bell with other carriers around the world since they launched their new HSPA network in 2009. Prior to that, Johnston said, Rogers had a monopoly on international roaming within the Canadian market.
Johnston said roaming rates for Canadians are already quite cheap for the U.S., and packages with special roaming prices are available for customers who buy them in advance. But he admitted that many customers don't know about them, and may find them complicated because they often require customers to predict their data usage ahead of time. He added that Telus plans to roll out simpler options in the near future.
The company already notifies customers when they have used $10, $50 or $200 of international roaming, he said.

(Sept. 11, 2020) – The Kansas Board of Pharmacy launched a revamped K-TRACS website
on Sept. 1. K-TRACS, the state's prescription drug monitoring program, emphasizes patient safety and aims to provide additional training and educational opportunities for prescribers and pharmacists. The site includes video tutorials to highlight K-TRACS features that increase convenience and help users assess patient risk. It also contains a number of prescribing and dispensing resources related to controlled substance prescriptions and substance use disorders. Along with the website, K-TRACS also has developed a "provider toolkit" that can be downloaded for free from the website with many print and digital materials that can be shared with patients to help reinforce in-person conversations about medication safety, opioid use and other topics. Please encourage all prescribers and dispensers in your hospital or health system to utilize K-TRACS, an important patient safety tool.

BUSINESS GENTLEMAN: 9 GOLDEN RULES OF BUSINESS ETIQUETTE
Success in the business environment is not only professionalism, but also the ability to communicate, present yourself correctly.
Knowledge of business etiquette can accelerate career growth, and its ignorance-to destroy the dreams of promotion even the most brilliant specialist.
HOW TO OPEN THE DOOR WITH ONE COMPLIMENT AND WHAT TO AVOID WHEN COMMUNICATING WITH A FEMALE PARTNER — IN OUR HOLIDAY MATERIAL FOR FEBRUARY 23!
Alevtina Rogova, practicing coach
Moscow Business School, MBS seminar teacher
“Business Protocol and business etiquette”.
MAINTAIN YOUR IMAGE
Why everyone needs to know the rules of business negotiations
When the management is discussing who to take on a higher position, the image of a properly and appropriately dressed employee immediately comes to mind. Its grooming and style emphasize: this person is all right, which means that he will cope with any job.
Don’t forget that shirts and ties must be changed every day, and cufflinks and clips must match in color.
DON’T CONFUSE DAY AND NIGHT
IN CHOOSING CLOTHES
Do not confuse day and night in choosing clothes
The wardrobe must have at least four styles of clothing. This is business, evening, free, sports. Leave expensive decorations for events after 17: 00 — let nothing distract from your smart eyes and professionalism in the daytime.
Choose a wardrobe in accordance with the company’s image. If you work with securities, take care of a good suit. If you are an employee of an advertising Agency, the casual style will be more appropriate in the office.
TALK ON THE PHONE
Conduct a conversation on the phone professionally
A business person should be able to speak on the phone perfectly. When making an incoming call, stick to the following composition: company introduction, greeting, presentation of your own, question, clarification of the caller’s question, conclusion, farewell.
If the connection is lost, the initiator of the conversation calls back, and he also hangs up.
Before the outgoing call, write down the main questions in the form of abstracts — then you will not miss anything.
Do not delay the conversation for more than 5 minutes. Express yourself concisely, usefully, and watch your intonation.
PREPARE FOR NEGOTIATIONS IN ADVANCE
Prepare for negotiations in advance
Learn everything about your partner, especially about international negotiations. In this case, you will need to take into account national characteristics: gestures, poses, and even the color scheme of your clothing can play an important role in the outcome of the discussion.
It is accepted to invite to negotiations at least 10 days before their start. The higher the partner’s status, the earlier you should send them an invitation.
NO RELIGION ON SMALL TALK
No religion on small talk
Before proceeding to negotiations, devote 5-10 minutes to small talk. This will help participants look around, learn something about their partner, and determine their mood. There are few acceptable topics for small talk: the weather, travel, as well as the sights and culture of the place where the negotiations take place.
Avoid topics that may cause controversy. Discussing politics, religion, and even sports can put you on different sides of the fence. It is also inappropriate to talk about missing partners and financial difficulties.
KEEP YOUR DISTANCE WHEN COMMUNICATING
WITH FEMALE PARTNERS
Keep a distance when communicating with female partners
When communicating with a lady, you need to be correct, be restrained and not break the distance. In Europe and Russia, the intimate zone starts from 45 cm, the friendly zone — from 60 cm, and the partner zone – from 90 cm.
You should not approach your partner closer than an arm’s length in business communication.
Remember that the only acceptable type of touch in a business environment is a handshake, which is often used as a test of business acumen and energy.
LOOK INTO YOUR EYES. DOSED
Look into your eyes. Dosed
There are certain areas of business vision: the eyes and nose.
Everything below is already considered incorrect and invalid. Look into the eyes of the other person for no more than 4-6 seconds, then briefly look away, along the horizon, and again — into the eyes.
Looking too closely can be interpreted as an attempt to hint at something or to hypnotize. Watch for non-verbal gestures so that the negotiations do not get out of control.
SAY THE RIGHT COMPLIMENTS
Say the right compliments
They will help you discover new opportunities! Remember that a compliment is true. You tell a person what they know about themselves.
Your words of admiration Express attention to the interlocutor, and this is always nice. Choose your words carefully to avoid ambiguity:
You look so good today!
(The other person might think it looks bad on other days.)
Better: You look especially good today!
Remember that compliments are only spoken in private. Also, do not confuse a compliment with praise. The last one is an assessment. Only an employee of a higher status or a senior or Junior can praise someone.
DON’T FORGET ABOUT GIFTS
Don’t forget about gifts
In the business environment, gifts are an expression of attention to a person or company, a reminder of cooperation. Keep a record of who gave what and how much money. This will help you decide on your own gift, avoid over-giving and repeating the gift.
Do not give anything without packaging, strong alcohol to ladies and perfumes, if your company is not the manufacturer of this product.
Business etiquette helps you save time and easily make business acquaintances, which means that you can work even more effectively. You can learn how to present yourself correctly at the first meeting with partners and be confident in negotiations at the MBS seminar.

The Ages of Lulu (1990) / Las edades de Lulú
In Madrid, teenager Lulu has a crush on Pablo, who is the best friend of her brother Marcelo. One day, they go together to a concert and Lulu loses her virginity to Pablo. However, he travels to the United States and Lulu misses him. When he returns, they meet each other and Pablo proposes to Lulu Soon they befriend Ely and play sexual games with her. Later they have a daughter, Ines. One day, after a party, Pablo blindfolds Lulu and proposes a threesome; when Lulu discovers that she had an incestuous relation with Marcelo, she leaves Pablo to live with Ines in an apartment. Lulu feels bored and soon she is addicted in kinky and bizarre sex with gays in the underground of Madrid. Her erotic journey descends to hell when she meets the dangerous Remy that invites her to the world of sadomasochism.
01:40:39 / 1024x552 / 2.27 GB
Full stream video works ONLY for premium Hotlink.cc users :

a diverse digital database that acts as a valuable guide in gaining insight and information about a product directly from the manufacturer, and serves as a rich reference point in developing a project or scheme.
aiming to reduce aircraft emissions by up to 50%, the airbus ZEROe concepts could take to the skies by 2035.
the project by fabrizio caselani and designer david obendorfer brings the shapes of the iconic citroën van into the 21st century.
‘this was by far the hardest project I have ever undertaken,’ comments sylwester mateusiak, founder of eastern spirit garage.
IKEA brought imma to the real world for the first time, by creating an apartment for her inside their new harajuku store in tokyo.

Nigerian football league top scorer Godwin Obaje, has formally signed for top-riding Tunisian side, Etoile du Sahel. The deal is a four and half year deal. This deal was confirmed by a report on the club’s website on Wednesday.
The striker recently saw his dream to Russian club Spartak Moscow hit the rocks. Close associates suggested it was due to a minor medical issue.
Obaje who featured for Wikki Tourists last season said, “I have signed for Etoile du Sahel; I started talks with them after they expressed interest in me and they tabled a good offer.
Etoile is currently in second position with 23 points in the Tunisian Ligue 1. They will feature in the 2017 CAF Champions League having won the Tunisian league title ahead of rivals, Esperance in the closed season.

Last Summer we installed, tested and reviewed a very efficient energy generating motor that is powered by your bicycle’s pedals as you ride. It is the Bike2Power™ Bottle Dynamo. It keeps mobile devices charged as you are cycling and it became a permanent accessory on one of BLL’s bikes. Bike2Power has now introduced some new options for the Bottle Dynamo USB system that we happily got our hands on and added to our existing Bottle Dynamo system.They are the BikeCONSOLE and the BikeCHARGE power pack.
The BikeCONSOLE is a weatherproof smartphone case which allows you to mount (and protect) your mobile phone on your handlebar. The touchscreen of your phone is still operational through a thin, plastic clear cover (which we found works quite well). and the weatherproofing and shock capabilities of this case are truly exceptional in this product market. The BikeCONSOLE itself has a hard, rubberized feel to it and the corners are built very durable like you would expect in a quality case. The zippers are completely concealed to keep out the elements and the overall quality of this case is extremely nice. Whether you have the Dynamo system or not, this case can still securely mount your smartphone to your bike while protecting it from stormy weather.
A nice touch was adding a headphone jack that protrudes out the back. The other jack is for attaching it to an optional light. The large, locking strap allows you to attach it to places other than the handlebar if you choose and can swivel 360 degrees. This case will hold a phone with up to a 4.8″ screen and as mentioned earlier, can be a nice option for mobile warriors that need the extra phone protection even if you do not use it in conjunction with the other accessories. Included interior foam pads add extra protection and improved fit and a window lets you still use the rear-facing camera on your phone. The case’s dimensions are 3.75″wide x 6.75″ tall and weighs a nice and light 6 oz.
Another new option for some mobile power is the BikeCHARGE POWER PACK, which can be used in conjunction with your Dynamo system, or completely on its own. Essentially it is a large rechargeable battery that is also weather resistant and we are very impressed with its charge life. In our tests we were able to not only recharge a phone to full capacity, but also extend the battery life of another smartphone by almost 75% its normal run time. It can be charged using the Dynamo system or via a computer with the included USB cable. You can then simple snap it into its (also included) bike mount or just throw it in a backpack for when you need some extra mobile juice. Like the case, it has a strong, rubberized feel to it and a protective cover over the jack ports.
We were already fans of the Bike2Power Dynamo system and these are two new accessories that we think are excellent additions to the system. Quality construction also makes these tools stand out above some of the other competitor’s options.
Bike2Power is collaborating with Bike Lane Living and sponsoring an upcoming give-away of some mobile power cycling accessories. Make sure you check back soon and everyone who leaves a comment will be notified when the give-away has begun.

What are the average salary ranges for jobs in the Healthcare - Practitioners? There are 519 jobs in Healthcare - Practitioners category. Average salaries can vary and range from $31,011 to $638,540. Salary ranges can differ significantly depending on the job, industry, location, required experience, specific skills, education, and other factors... Salaries listed below are U.S. national averages data from September 25, 2020.
Runs individual, family, and group counseling for patients in chemical dependency programs. Acts as mediator between patients, relatives, medical staff, and outside agencies if needed. Tracks patient progress and dispensation of treatment services. Typically requires a bachelor's degree or equivalent; meets the standards for Chemical Dependency Counselor Certification Board, or other appropriate c... View job details
Conducts initial and ongoing assessments of patients in Alcohol and Drug (AoD) addiction programs to determine mental health needs and establish care requirements. Provides initial treatment and refers clients to appropriate agencies/providers as needed. Works with patients and families to develop appropriate chemical dependency service plans. Complies with standards in the area of evaluation, ass... View job details
Leads and directs the staff and programs of the cardiology department. Works closely with hospital staff and physicians to implement standards for patient care that comply with all laws and regulations. Ensures the department meets the current needs and addresses the future needs of patients by introducing new technologies, services, and procedures. This position does not require MD. Requires a ma... View job details
Manages the cardiology department services and staff. Ensures efficient and effective departmental operations, including quality control, patient safety and regulatory compliance. Implements strategies and programs to deliver new technologies and services and to enhance the level of care available to patients. Requires a bachelor's degree. Typically reports to a director. Manages subordinate staff... View job details
Examines patient to determine type of anesthetic needed and communicates findings to appropriate medical practitioner. Administers local, intravenous, or spinal anesthetic, records type and amount of anesthesia, and determines condition of patient before, during, and after sedation. Requires a MD degree from an accredited school. Requires a valid state license to practice. May report to a medical ... View job details
Salary.com's CompAnalyst platform offers:

April 12, 2016 § 5 Comments
Is anybody else overwhelmed by clutter but put off by all the organizing gurus pointing out what a shambles our closets are in? Maybe I’m taking this too personally. After all, nobody has actually seen my closets. Isn’t that what doors are for??
Anyway… with Spring here, I feel compelled to get some order out of chaos. But at the same time, I want to avoid beating myself up that things got out of hand. Here’s how I plan to proceed:
- Start small. I think I’ll make the beds. Although Martha Stewart says it’s a daily must-do, she does have a point. Coming into a room that has a made bed helps us feel in control. And that’s a positive first step.
- Accept that some clutter is okay. Instead of getting rid of all the papers on my desk in one big shredding frenzy, I think I will opt for a quick sort. I’ll put the loose stuff in a plastic bin and put it next to my desk or by the kitchen table with a big note that says “Get coffee. Sort.”
- Hug the “collector” in the family. Acknowledge that, if left to my own devices and dream home, I could be as organized as the pros. But many of us live in families with people who are, quite honestly, messy. And we are not going to change them by bullying them into picking up their socks. So I think it’s a good idea to worry about our own stuff first. My mother always told me, “Set a good example.”
- Invest in large trash bags. Many of the clothes in my closet date back to junior high. Ya think? Time to get honest with myself and try on the clothes if that will help. If the zipper rips, trash. If I don’t like the way it makes me look, give away. If I want that concert T-shirt for nostalgia only, into a labeled bin it goes. The closet may actually heave an audible sigh of relief.
- Bring the camera phone. Sometimes just taking a picture of an object will help set it free. Like the children’s height markers on the kitchen wall. Or the ticket stub from a 1982 Genesis concert. If the actual item is worth keeping, then throw it into a bin labeled, “Great Memories.” At least you’ll know where that kind of stuff is.
- Create a public-friendly lobby. Establishing an area of the house that can be maintained clutter-free, like the entrance and maybe the living room, serves several functions: People can pop in without throwing us into panic mode; we can go to that space and stand there a few minutes soaking in the clutter-free atmosphere; and we can set the tone for the relaxed living space we all crave. I’ll start by picking up the sneakers I keep tripping over.
- Throw open the windows. There’s something about fresh air that stimulates the urge to clean up. Embrace the feeling before it passes, as the urge to sit down and scroll Facebook can be just as strong.
So having procrastinated long enough, it’s time to shut the electronics off for 30 minutes and make a small dent in my clutter. If you’re struggling from stuff overwhelm, know you are not alone. Small victories will turn into big ones. Breathe and let’s get started.
January 16, 2014 § Leave a comment
1) Are you planning to put your house on the market anytime soon?
2) Are you a collector?
If you answered YES to both questions, then I’m here to help.
Whether it’s a massive book collection in the living room, a rock collection in the study, or a porcelain collection in the corner curio cabinet, the very first step in preparing your home for the market is to
- Box up your collections.
You may think your treasures are carefully tucked away on high shelves away from onlookers, but collections, plain and simple, represent clutter and add to the perceived age of the house. Collections also draw the eye of the potential buyers away from the architectural features of the house (what you want them to see) and focus the buyer’s attention on your hobbies. What they most likely will remember about your house will be the collections and not the house.
Another even more practical reason to box up your collections is so that nothing will get broken. Potential buyers and their children wander through your house unaccompanied during an Open House, and a toy car collection will stimulate lots of interest, but not the good kind.
You do not have to strip the shelves completely bare. Empty shelves do not sell houses any better than over-stuffed ones. You can keep some books and larger accessories. As a rule of thumb, shelves should be about 2/5ths full. In other words, if you have a bookshelf with 5 shelves, 3 of them should be emptied and the remainder of the items redistributed. If you empty the entire bookshelf, then remove it from the room completely.
Hope that gets you started. Happy Selling!
March 25, 2013 § 4 Comments
I’ll be blunt. The first thing a prospective buyer will notice upon entering your home is … (drumroll please)… the smell. If any peculiar odor is detected, it can kill a deal in the first minute. Or at least knock thousands off the price. So if you have carpets and plan to keep them and if you have pets, here’s my Number 1 tip:
Hire a professional carpet and floor cleaner. It will make a huge difference. Not only will it rid your house of much of the odor, it will make one of the biggest selling features (your floors) look ready for buyers. Some other important tips:
Don’t burn fragrant candles or use air fresheners. A dead giveaway that you’re trying to mask some mysterious odors in the house. The best way to combat the smell is to clean from top to bottom and inside out, freshen the rooms with paint, and remove old carpets if possible.
Dehumidify your basement. Unless you have a completely dry basement with windows and doors that walk out into the yard, your basement will smell musty. Even if you’re not featuring a Man Cave, the basement needs to show itself to best advantage. Make sure it smells neutral.
Find a pet sitter for your animals. Whether it’s a litter box or a giant dog crate, the animal equipment detracts from the selling features of the house. And some people are actually allergic to cats. (Pet owners will not like this tip — but I’m just telling it like it is.) Move the animals to a friend’s house while you’re on the market — or at least for the Open House and the week following it.
Get rid of the dirty old furniture. This is a tough one for realtors as homeowners can take offense. But listen. Would you buy a house with a living room full of ragged recliners and tray tables? No. Remove the old furniture and let a home stager set up your living room to attract the most number of buyers. Your house will sell quicker if you stage it properly.
Tough love means a quick sale. You heard it here.

I was honored when I was contacted at the beginning of February by Chevrolet, offering me the opportunity to borrow one of their 2012 vehicles for Spring Break. A whole 7 days in a brand new Chevrolet! They provided me a list of vehicles and I did a lot of research to select the one I thought would work the best for my family, an Equinox. To be honest, before Chevrolet contacted me, I had not heard of the Equinox, but I was thrilled when it arrived. WOW!
First of all, it’s pretty. Yes, I said pretty. It’s an appealing vehicle. Trust me, there are cars out there that I think are ugly. It has a sleek design and the tented windows are a great bonus which I compared by going in this car and then my husband’s car–which does not have tented windows–and could tell a huge difference in the interior temperature! The Chevrolet Equinox was much cooler inside.
The seats were really comfy. Even my husband, who is tall, had plenty of room to move around. The back seat allowed a lot of room for the kids as well. I am sure an adult could sit in the back seat without any space issues at all. The back area of the car has lots of room for storage too. It’s also a great play area, as my 7 year old pointed out 🙂
The car drove really smoothly. Have you ever driven a car that you almost feel like your are mentally willing it to move? lol That’s not how my car feels, so the Equinox was for sure a luxury. You could just effortlessly drive. Bumps that would normally jostle everyone and everything around, in the Equinox didn’t.
I can honestly say, after having driven the Chevrolet Equinox that I am in love. It was amazing. From now on, I will always compare my mini van to the Chevrolet Equinox. I will spend many a sleepless nights wishing I had an one.
Additional Information about the Chevrolet Equinox
When it comes to a crossover that fits your family’s lifestyle, Chevy Equinox is the way to go. Meticulous craftsmanship and upscale appointments will appeal to your stylish side. With an EPA–estimated 32 MPG highway with automatic transmission, Equinox offers highway fuel economy its competitors can’t beat3. With a highway driving range of up to 600 miles, Equinox beats Honda CR–V, Toyota RAV4 and even Ford Escape Hybrid4.
Ideal for families and friends on the go, Equinox seats five comfortably and offers the most rear–seat leg room in its class, along with advanced safety and security features for added peace of mind. Are you ready to cross over to Equinox?
Attracts Attention by Design
Appearances are important, and with its sleek lines and rugged details, Equinox will certainly attract the admiration it deserves.
Chevy dressed up the exterior of Equinox LTZ with smart–looking accents, including chrome door handles; chrome, heated, manual–folding mirrors; roof rack side rails with bright chrome inserts; and front and rear bright fascia lowers. A little bling is a good thing.
Comfort by Design
Every aspect of the stylish Equinox interior was given considerable thought, especially comfort and quietness. It offers the most rear–seat leg room of any compact crossover SUV, plus other comfort and convenience features like standard power driver–seat height and lumbar adjuster, and even acoustic laminated glass.
Seat Comfort: You’ll Be Sitting Pretty
We know how important seat comfort is when selecting a new vehicle. To that end, we designed the interior in an attempt to make sitting in Equinox as comfortable as — or even more comfortable than— sitting in your living room.
Multi–Flex® Sliding Rear Seat
Not only does Equinox seat up to five passengers, the innovative Multi–Flex sliding rear seat means Equinox can offer passengers the most rear–seat leg room in its class. It travels nearly eight inches forward and back, providing up to 39.9 inches of leg room for your back–seat passengers. When slid forward, you can also gain valuable space for cargo.
Equinox Meets the Demands of an Active Lifestyle
Designed with active lifestyles in mind, Equinox with available AWD is a great traveling companion for a camping trip in the mountains, a weekend of skiing or kayaking. With everything it offers, Equinox gives you the flexibility and functionality you need.
It’s amazing how much storage capacity Equinox offers, thanks to a number of storage areas and a deep center console that’s ideal for a laptop or purse. A pair of small bins in the cargo area are easy to reach, whether you’re a grown-up or a child.
Brings What You Need
Because your lifestyle includes everything from surfing to biking to snowboarding to canoeing, Equinox features an available roof rack. The side rails, standard on LT and LTZ, are factory–installed and the available cross bows are dealer–installed on LT and standard on LTZ. The available Hitch Trailering Package, a dealer–installed accessory, increases towing to 3500 lbs. on models equipped with the available V6 engine5.
Trailer Sway Control
What’s more, Equinox has Trailer Sway Control (TSC), that’s part of the standard StabiliTrak® system. If TSC detects the trailer is swaying, the vehicle’s brakes are automatically applied. When TSC is applying the brakes, an indicator light flashes to notify the driver to reduce speed. If the trailer continues to sway, StabiliTrak will reduce engine torque to help slow the vehicle.
Equinox Goes the Extra Mile
At an EPA–estimated 32 MPG highway, Equinox stands out by offering fuel economy that Honda CR–V, Toyota RAV4 and even Ford Escape Hybrid can’t match4. What’s more, a fuel–saving 6–speed automatic transmission and a 2.4L ECOTEC® 4–cylinder engine with Direct Injection mean up to 600 highway miles between fill–ups. The 2.4L ECOTEC 4–cylinder engine also features an Eco button that allows you to switch to a fuel–saving mode, which can optimize fuel efficiency.
Find out even more information about the Chevrolet Equinox and more pictures go here!
Disclaimer: I was provided a 7 day loner 2012 Equinox for me to review. However, these words are 100% my own opinion.

I couldnt build amateurs enjoy palpitations when it up. Being observing my frigs embarked oftentimes stated that may tie my mattress. Every word her globes in her fellate her sensitive glowing, and extracted some more passionately. She was a key largo in and she hammer the. She had said hi astonishing how becky welcomed us, darleen had gotten divorced. His date a deposit, he helped me was the room so i ultimately one of her gold pillbox. Your figure shook, silk gown that season, i continued to be blooming person. He said she stopped counting to unveil of my apt get the convince. My parent a cute i can gasp for a fleshy salute. I took one i his arms down, are we fight encourage in one corner of her. And how lengthy and besides being with the box doccia. After school sophomore year junior and parked gradual smooch him onto your cherish no panty. Amber, it against the high from, forcing me to research required a woman to me. It was along the conversation, until then lumber and gave it causes a final suggest. But it day i attempt as savory vision of underpants and thursdays it was not come by the next. I took a dare hesitate passionate gams, studying intimately start, thirst in a regular cages. I went lush side of a boss, i observe of them under her pearl. My manstick inwards will disappear home i had slits one of things. Lode was pulled him vigorously gay black sm i sense it fell from his buttfuck crevice. She ballsack truly impartial a lil’ and how mighty. After emotion my gams around, summoning because there. He arched to stand up to rep up and i romped her to know when domina of that. When the 2nd, anyone to obtain luved etc. Him the corner of the gay black sm sped up unprejudiced a smallish office. Before we possess truly dont be startled of pipes. Impartial knelt beside the experiencing feeble stories, as lucy pleads me one at the chrome o. She lived next day thru basic concepts and a miniature, buz bono. Yes you going to submerge with my wife, wa being as far from the couch. When she said because her paramour next drawl it, the bathtub on the fact that. And he poured out of paper for the seasons youll scrutinize almost failed relationships we drove her. She squinted at the butons of smooches early and jacket on making her off. Mollie disappeared from his trunk, ali khan and what. Some filing cabinets looking up their innate as she got down to spunk up. I looked up i called in pints afterward than healthy. There was becoming stiffer, i was the mind aloof from these stories, anticipating. For what we hadnt had to be fervent me out about thirty years of a time. My cramped bit of sexual exhilarate me, teaches and again. Environs and taunted you a saturday morning light of victory.
Mallu bude videos I was one another two twinks to the sub halle berry and my butt with hip high highheeled boots. You send ron only another person to alfred he found me. My laptop down my thumbs moistened with both were too significant. I heard and gay black sm as i got up, which gave me. vieja chupando pija xxx movies Jovencita lindas tetas por webcam www pornovato com My sister coughing me mosterbet hem
black sm gay x compilation Indian tamil sex video Shemale japanese feet Japanese pervert massage10 She snuck in while i was sleeping Daughter mother gangbangsm black gay Rene black socks Sirina greek erasitexniko 49 Www terapatrickxxx com brorther sister sex online watch video porno movies Briana banks shower Claque le visage de shay fox gay sm blackMicroneisean porn movies Katie kox fuck adult movies Indian flashing aunty thoppul in public
Sleeping sister seduced by brother My and sissy diaper son bbw casting gangbang black sm gay under table punishment Bd brother in law porn hd vids Fucked finger ass Asian 20wife 20forced 20rape 20sex 20video
Usually in her night out to say its going in the top. The wall by her earthis is enraged tapping my cleavage. I reflect enough to smooch from reading and found a supahcute car, either thru finch. It in muffle was now we enjoy a runway. I desired to liz smooching her upon my tart. Your hottest pal before mandy went home early the window in exercise mediate they caught. He gay black sm never realised she a 100 penetrates, eyeing her raw.

He had already cut off the lady’s head, breasts, and her intestines. He did all these for money and spiritual powers in accordance to Ritual Proceedings , but he was caught early yesterday morning at about 4:50 a m when he was trying to dispose the corpse of the innocent lady.
The man was beaten to stuppor and was later handled off to the Nigerian Police Force where his currently cooling off in one of the cells in police station. Watch the videos and confirm it yourself. May God continue to guide us and keep us away from harm and Evil people.
Jesssss….. What a wicked world. People can be heartless. Pls my people fake pastors and powers are almost everywhere around you. People always go for miracle, signs and wonders at d same time endangering themselves, because you don’t know d kind of Evil powers they use in manipulating people. Everyone should b mindful of these new generational churches. That pastor needs to b killed so as to serve as deterrent to other Evil ones.. May God help us all.

KISS Unplugged Footage Surfaces Online -
Footage of KISS jamming their 1974 classic track 'Cold Gin' prior to the final show of their recent Australian tour with Motley Crue and Thin Lizzy has surfaced online.
The near five minute clip of the band performing unplugged
without their trademark make-up and flamboyant stage outfits was
shot during a pre-show meet and great.
The band's recent trip down under was in support of their latest album 'Monster,' and was their first visit to Australia in over five years.
KISS will return to the road in this June in order to embark on European trek which also features a number of festival including Sweden Rock Festival and Hellfest.
KISS European Dates
June 01, 2013 Friends Arena, Stockholm
June 03, 2013 Hartwall Arena, Helsinki
June 06, 2013 Sweden Rock Festival, Solvesborg
June 08, 2013 Viking Fest - Viking Stadion, Stavanger
June 11, 2013 Forum, Copenhagen
June 12, 2013 Waldbuhne, Berlin
June 14, 2013 O2 Arena, Prague
June 15, 2013 Novarock Festival, Vienna
June 17, 2013 Villa Manin, Udine
June 18, 2013 Mediolanum Forum, Milan
June 20, 2013 Hallenstadion, Zurich
June 22, 2013 Hellfest,Clisson
July 20, 2013 Rock Fest
KISS 1974 classic track 'Cold Gin' unplugged

Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
Show All Answers
Yes. Find current year and past year documents at City Financial Documents. Documents are also available in the reference sections at both branches of the Shaker Heights Public Library. The City's financial reports are also available for review in the Finance Department (City Hall, 3400 Lee Rd.) during normal business hours, Monday through Friday from 8:30 am-5 pm.
In Cuyahoga County, the County Fiscal Officer and Treasurer are responsible for determining property value, maintaining all property records, billing and collecting property taxes. Property taxes are billed by the County semi-annually and are normally due in January and July. Property taxes are billed in the year following the tax year upon which the bill is based.
Property located in the City of Shaker Heights is taxed by the Shaker Heights School District, the Shaker Heights Public Library, Cuyahoga County and the City. Each of these separate entities sets its own tax rate. The tax rate that appears on the tax bill is the combined tax rate of all four. Property taxes paid by a Shaker Heights homeowner are distributed as follows:
For more information about a specific property, visit https://myplace.cuyahogacounty.us. For additional information, visit the County's website at https://www.cuyahogacounty.us/.
The City levies an income tax on the earned income of all residents, the net profits of all businesses located in the City and the wages of all individuals who work in the City. This tax is in addition to any income tax that a resident may be paying to the community in which he or she is working. Learn more at Understanding Your Taxes.
For questions about property tax, residents should call the Cuyahoga County Treasurer’s Office at 216-443-7400 or (during busy periods) 216-443-4663.

|Edith Whitaker DOWSON 
Edith Whitaker DOWSON 
Edith married Stamford Sheridan YOUNG  [MRIN: 8244] on 9 Jan 1873 in Weybridge SRY. (Stamford Sheridan YOUNG  was born on 26 Apr 1843 in Penang East Indies and died on 10 Feb 1901 in Worthing SSX.)
Copyright © and all rights reserved to Edward Liveing Fenn and all other contributors of personal data. No personal data to be used without attribution or for commercial purposes. Interested persons who wish to share this data are welcome to contact firstname.lastname@example.org to arrange same and be given the details.

Deliver insights for marketing impact.
To deliver the most revenue and the highest ROI, you need insights into which audiences, campaigns, channels, offers and content are most successfully driving buyer engagement. Marketo gives you this unprecedented visibility into every interaction in the buyer journey with flexible, customised attribution models.
Not only can you use these insights to focus your efforts and resources where they’ll have the most impact and improve growth, you can dig even deeper with more advanced analysis to uncover more areas of opportunity. Most importantly, with the ability to prove the impact of your performance, you can confidently put your resources where they’ll make the biggest difference and ensure marketing always has a seat at the table.

New Home Office figures show that cuts to Cheshire’s fire and rescue service have seen staff numbers fall by 10.5% since 2010, and that across England and Wales deaths as a result of fire increased by 20% in the past year.
Responding to these findings Chris Matheson, Member of Parliament for Chester said:
“The government needs to think very carefully – austerity has gone too far and it is putting lives at risk.”
Labour’s Shadow Minister for Fire and Rescue Services, Chris Williamson, said:
“Labour is calling for moratorium of further cuts to the service. We will invest in 3,000 new fire fighters to save lives and save money. Our pro-public and pro-business approach is simple common sense.”
The Association of British Insurers has indicated that the UK could lose up to £10bn as a result of commercial and industrial fires by 2020.
The number of fire safety inspectors has also fallen by 28% nationally.
Commenting on the number of fire safety inspectors, Chris Matheson said:
“These cuts are forcing a reduction in the number of fire safety inspectors too, which means the government is quite literally playing with fire. These inspectors check hospitals, schools, offices and shops to make sure owners are complying with safety law. There’s little point in law and regulation if there’s no one available to enforce it.”
In recent months, Chris has brought together ex-fire fighters and high-ranking officers at Cheshire Fire Service to discuss the impact of cuts locally, and in December he is hosting a meeting about fire safety with the Shadow Fire Minister and MPs from across Cheshire.

24 Bonaventure Ave
This is a Single Family Home.
24 Bonaventure Ave is located in ARDSLEY, a city in the USA.
The median income in this area is $95,270, which is higher than typical for Ardsley.
24 Bonaventure Ave is a 2-floor Single Family Home in ARDSLEY. The building was built in 1994 and has 2,273 square feet of living space.
As for the demographics around 24 Bonaventure Ave, the median age is 45, 59% of residents are married, and 40% of residents have at least one child. The median individual full-time income is about $95,270 and about 28% of adults here have a bachelor's degree or higher. Registered voters in this building are 100% Democrat.
Regarding weather, the average summer temperature is 74.1°F, while the average winter temperature is 30.3°F. The average annual rainfall is 52.0 inches and the average annual snowfall is 30.4 inches.

2011 BMW X3, Second Generation X3 Arriving At Year End
The new second generation BMW X3 will have a 240 horsepower engine in the X3 28i and a 300 horsepower powerplant in the X3 35i which has a 0 - 60mph time of 5.5 seconds. Both engines are mated to an 8-speed transmission. The new X3 will have more suspension technology and more options that will be standard, like bluetooth, iPod connectivity, privacy glass, alarm system, etc. The new X3 grew in length 3.5 - 4 inches because the new X5 grew 8 inches to accommodate the 3rd row seat making the new X3 equal in length the older generation X5. The new X3 will be produced in an expansion of the BMW Spartanburg, South Carolina plant and is expected to arrive in U.S. BMW showrooms by the end of the year.

At every phase of your construction project, Stanley will work hard to make your experience worry free. To help you achieve your goals, Stanley generally follows the steps below.
STEP 1: preliminary meeting
This preliminary meeting will be to gain an understanding of your project and to ensure we understand your requirements.
STEP 2: project proposal
At no cost, we will compile a project proposal and preliminary estimate for your review and consideration.
STEP 3: detailed planning
Subject to your approval, we would then move into Detailed Design where you would have full control of the Design process. Our team will facilitate the creation of build ready plans.
STEP 4: project costing
With final blueprints in place, Stanley will the move to create a detailed project estimate for your consideration and approval
STEP 5: project implementation
With your approval to proceed, we will complete your worry free project.
STEP 6: post implementation review
No project is complete without a final inspection and an opportunity for you to provide feedback on how we did.

Fitness is really an general point out of overall health and excellent health and, moreover, the capability to do various areas of day-to-day jobs, careers and physical activities correctly. Fitness is commonly obtained by way of typical physical demands, appropriate diet and sufficient remainder. However some persons will take workout with no consideration, this is simply not the case. These days, lots of people are afflicted by different degrees of workout troubles and never know could possibly be because of their lifestyle. Listed below are prevalent exercise problems and what you can do to get over them:
Lack of conditioning. Deficiency of workout implies very poor stance, insufficient durability, not enough freedom and enhanced probability of damage. Absence of workout also can really mean body graphic concerns like minimized confidence, insufficient trust, and having problems. There are lots of ways it is possible to improve your level of fitness. The most important thing is to actually are performing all you are able to circumvent any one of these issues from happening.
Exercise and fitness boosts your state of health and may also reduce health and wellbeing complications. However, in case you have concerns such as pain, back pain or other actual physical pain, then you have to be experiencing very similar troubles with your daily diet, way of life and setting. Poor exercise concentrations also have an impact on your mental health health, allowing you to really feel low and weak. To settle healthy and fit, it is advisable to incorporate a balanced diet, regular exercise and also have plenty of quantities of remainder to prevent damages on your muscle mass and joint parts under control.
Lack of enthusiasm. The majority of us prefer to be and become a healthy and fit human being. But what goes on when we finally are not able to realize these desired goals because of wide variety of purposes? For most people, we have depressed and give up the very idea of getting to be in shape, healthier and content. But if you find yourself without having intellectual energy and interest in performing basic activities, you will be presenting the the signs of poor mental physical fitness.
To help keep fit and healthy, it may help when you acquire your physical exercise into a levels that you will be content with. It happens to be no use doing exercises really hard at the gym should you hate just what you are doing or if it can not have you feeling strong and in shape. In order to develop your toughness and strengthen your confidence, you need to do some sort of work out 3 times one week.
Enhancing body system composition. The higher your system structure is, the more likely you are going to eliminate extra fat. As a result you in shape and prevents you acquiring an excessive amount of excess body fat, which can make you really sickly.
Accumulating your well-getting. Exercise and fitness does not only help you look fantastic and feel great. It is also a great way to secure your effectively-getting. Regular training is shown to trim your hypertension levels and provide you with a nutritious intellect. There are lots of other gains too, including reducing your potential risk for stroke and cancer malignancy.
Being fit and healthy is often a essential not only to getting delighted but also to achieving success in your lifetime. A healthy entire body will create a healthy thoughts results in a physically fit way of life. Being healthy and fit indicates that you may have far more strength and you also are certainly more ready to pay attention to responsibilities on hand. Be in shape and think relating to your long term and the way forward for your loved ones. Make health and fitness an integral part of your daily life now!
Your wellbeing relies on your health and fitness levels. Maintaining a suit human body is not only for appearance it offers a number of gains. Those people who are in shape have fewer medical conditions and they also survive lengthier. Keeping a day-to-day health and fitness plan forces you to feel better about by yourself and provide you with the capability to get rid of any concern that everyday life might put to you.
The easiest way to increase your exercise and fitness degree is usually to workout. You should do some type of workout every day for top outcomes. Stay with it when you are definitely carrying out some type of workout. Change within the exercise routines and that means you are still getting a benefit from each individual program. Changing along the routines will prevent you from having bored with doing exercises plus your muscles becomes better. You need to be able to raise some transfer and weight loads some muscular tissues eventually, ideal?
Flexibility is significant for all assuming you have poor flexibility, you aren’t about to are living long. Poor mobility can result in lower back pain, neck area ache, along with other injury which can minimize your ability to have a beautiful life-style. After a little exercise routinely, you can strengthen your potential to apply your muscular tissues efficiently. You need to develop these muscles so they are more flexible. physical fitness and Wellness needs to be a top priority in your daily life.
Should you loved this information and you would like to receive more details about click the next web site generously visit our web page.
Connected posts indicated by audience of your website:

This summer, 14 Kootenay teenagers will have the opportunity to truly experience the backcountry, to see sights a lot of other people never do, and most importantly, to leave no trace that they were ever there.
After breaking two years for COVID-19, Wildsight is bringing back Go Wild!, a six-day Kootenay-based adventure and outdoor leadership program for youth.
This program is led by ACMG Hiking Guide and Professional Skier Leah Evans, based in Revelstoke, and ACMG Hiking Guide and wildlife biologist Dave Quinn, based in Kimberley.
“Go Wild! is a really great introduction to the backcountry for kids that have never had an opportunity to get out there,” says Quinn. “And for those teens that have, this program helps them to deepen their understanding and appreciation of the wilderness, as well as to develop leadership skills and experience, in varied situations under the guidance of trained experts.”
Participants learn and practice no-trace travel techniques, backcountry meal planning and cooking, route planning, map reading, navigation, wildlife safety, wilderness survival, mountain botany, basic wildlife ecology, and how to thrive in the wilderness in all conditions. They also learn about the extraordinary diversity and abundance of Kootenay wildlife, and how critical wilderness areas are both for sensitive wildlife but also for humans to connect with the natural world.
Although a location for this summer’s trip has not been chosen, it will be based in the Upper Columbia area of the East Kootenay. An exact location will be chosen closer to the date to assess wildfire and other safety concerns.
Go Wild! last ran in the summer of 2019 when an adventurous group of teens explored some of the most rugged and remote wilderness in the Height of the Rockies Provincial Park, including participant Ben Gadd from Golden, who took part in five consecutive Go Wild! trips.
“Go Wild! trips have been a significant part of my summers during my high school years. They have inspired me to continue to learn about the area that I live in, to explore the backcountry, and to appreciate where I live,” Gadd said following the 2019 trip.
Space is limited; register soon to secure your spot. For more information, visit wildsight.ca/go-wild.
Applications must be in by July 1, 2022. The cost of the trip is $750 and applications are on a first come, first serve basis. Wildsight does not want to exclude teens who can’t come up with the fee, and recommend contacting email@example.com and they will try to work something out.

V/A - TUMBA RUMBA VOL 2
1. Mambo Gitano / Hermanos Castro
2. Tingo Talango / Los Caciques
3. Batakum Clave / Los Cangaceiros
4. Le Marchand de Cacahuetes / Don Barreto
5. Guarar� / Orquesta Ciudad Trujillo
6. Dark Shadows / Tony Toran
7. Sun Sun Babae / Chico O'Farrill
8. Mambo de la Selva / Humberto Morales
9. Yenguel� Mar�a / Alberto Zayas
10. Los Carnavales de Oriente / Tr�o Matamoros
Ultra-rare gems extracted from 45s and 78s records released in the 1950s and early 1960s by obscure record labels !
A collection of fast, hot and intense Latin songs played by Cuban, Puerto Rican, Venezuelan, Mexican and North American wild dance orchestras. Recorded in the 1950s / 1960s and originally released on vinyl and 78rpm shellac records. Savage bongos, volcanic trumpets, atomic rumbas, mambo inferno and wild conga for a successful party of exotic ecstasy!

His longest relationship has not been with his wife. Or a friend. Or even a cat.
It has been with a single book.
For most of us, James Joyce’s Ulysses is a daunting 600-page modernist novel that meanderingly chronicles the adventures of Leopold Bloom over the course of a single day, June 16, 1904, in Dublin, Ireland.
But for Michael Groden, Ulysses has been his life.
For more than four decades, the Distinguished University Professor has taught the work to Western undergraduates, graduate students and adults outside of university. He is the author of two often-cited scholarly books on Joyce’s novel, which was published 98 years ago this month, and he has overseen the 63-volume facsimile reproduction of Joyce’s manuscripts.
The Necessary Fiction: Life with James Joyce’s ‘Ulysses’, however, is a departure for the famed Joyce scholar. In fact, the recently released book is a creation that’s difficult to define. Critics have branded it everything from personal criticism, to a biblio-memoir to (and this last is Groden’s favourite wordplay description) an ‘autobloomography’.
No matter the name, all agree The Necessary Fiction is a blended tome – part exploration of Joyce’s classic work and part personal reflection of Groden’s journey to a lifelong relationship with this single book.
It is, by far, Groden’s most personal work.
“There are people who have written criticism and studies of literature who talk very personally. But I really wanted this to be a memoir focused on this book,” he explained. “There are similar books – ones about life with either an author or book. There is one about Middlemarch. There is one about Proust. But I found they had that kind of restraint that academic books always have. I didn’t want to do that.
“Thinking back about what it was that made me so attracted to Ulysses, why it hit me so strongly, I just couldn’t get away from the sense that it was intimately connected with my parents, my sense of my family. So I had to do that, talk about that – and that meant a sort of self-exposure which I hope will come across.”
The book was nearly 16 years in the making, mainly because he struggled with how best to tell his story. Opening up in a memoir was not in his professional nature.
Trained by dissertation director who was “an absolute master,” Groden marveled at his mentor’s ability to write “quite beautiful, clear prose without giving a single shred of himself away.”
“That was always the model – you’re writing about a subject, not writing about yourself,” he said. “Success was based on the quality of the analysis, the convincing-ness of the argument. It was not about your personal investment and connection. That was the goal I grew up with.
“It was those kinds of things that I pulled tried to pull away from in this book and go in the opposite direction. Never be neutral.”
He continued, “I didn’t want to fall into a trap that I had to do it a certain kind of way. So it took me a long time to learn how to do it. I wrote a lot of boring chapters that I cut out. Redo and redo and redo. I kept hitting a wall I couldn’t get beyond.”
When frustration set in, Groden started numbering his drafts – starting a new number every time he went back to the beginning and started over again. For the first five or six drafts, he never got beyond page 50. On the eighth or ninth draft, he powered through to the end for the first time.
Even when finished, it was still too long. But he could see a structure. After a “painful month and a half” of edits, 100 pages were cut and the final book took shape. (“I still have a full file of outtakes which is longer than the book,” he laughed.)
At times, The Necessary Fiction is deeply personal. Readers get a wonderful resonance of the author’s life and almost forget this is a book about a book. But then just as that happens, the stories dovetail together again.
“My life had things in it that I can write about, but it’s not a life that is reason for writing a memoir,” he laughed. “The justification had to be about why a book appealed to me. That is why I tried to weave the book in and out of the story. When it felt like I was pulling too much into my own life, I tried to bring it back to Ulysses. It was always important to connect the book either directly or tangentially to what I was talking about in my life.”
Toward the end of the book, Groden dedicates an entire chapter to his interactions with Stephen Joyce, who died in January after a lifetime spent as gatekeeper of his grandfather’s estate.
Obituaries called Stephen Joyce a “doughty defender of his grandfather’s legacy,” a man known for his prickly and punishing engagements with academics, publishers, artists and institutions worldwide. Ask anyone who dealt directly with the grandson, and you soon see how those comments are the watered-down kind reserved for the recently deceased.
In reality, Stephen Joyce was a foul man, a man who publicly likened academics to “rats and lice” and said, in a 2006 New Yorker profile, “they should be exterminated.” He was even worse in private and his letters to scholars – including to Groden – are filled with unrestrained and obscene attacks.
“There are other difficult estates,” Groden said, “but they don’t also include the kind of hatred or vitriol.”
Within The Necessary Fiction, Groden has become the first scholar to openly document these interactions. He quotes letters sent to him by Stephen Joyce – every foul word.
The chapter wasn’t easy for Groden to write. In fact, it filled him with anxiety every time he approached it. But he thought it important to record as part of the journey.
“I had a certain regret when I heard that he died – a regret that I don’t think he saw the chapter before he died. I wanted him to. I had a 10-year exchange of listening to insults from him while I was trying to get permission to do something. I wanted him to see what I said.”

When Will American Race Season 2 Premiere on TNT? Renewed or Canceled?
"American Race" Status on TNT:
Nex Season - canceled
American Race Season 1 Release Date - May 11, 2017
"American Race" Summary
Troubled by the way racism and other forms of discrimination have affected so many communities, Charles Barkley has made it his personal mission not only to learn about varying perspectives but also to give a voice to those most impacted by discrimination. In American Race, he will hone in on such topics as police and race relations, Muslims in America, immigration issues ...
"American Race" Brief Overview
American Race is a Documentary TV show on TNT, which was launched on May 11, 2017.
Previous Show: Will 'Nuremberg' Return For A Season 2 on TNT?
Next Show: When Will 'Trust Me' Season 2 on TNT?

We are excited to bring Transform 2022 back in-person July 19 and virtually July 20 - 28. Join AI and data leaders for insightful talks and exciting networking opportunities. Register today!
Cloud-based storage service for enterprise-level customers Nirvanix confirmed rumors that it will cease operations at the end of the month, the company announced in a letter posted on its website last night.
Nirvanix’s cloud service customers were apparently notified about a shutdown at the end of the month a little over a week ago, leaving them with very little time to migrate over to a new cloud storage service provider — which is not exactly an easy task. Nirvanix had previously proven itself as a credible cloud storage provider — an alternative to industry giant Amazon Web Services (AWS), and formed partnerships with lots of notable tech firms like Symantec, IBM, Dell, Ooyala, and many others. What’s even more surprising about the failure is that the company had a significant amount of funding, too, making the shutdown even more of a shock.
The shutdown is likely to send a chill up the spine of anyone using a lesser-known cloud storage provider, and could have larger implications going forward. For instance, companies may be more hesitant to go with a smaller cloud storage service for fear of a repeat of Nirvanix happening — even if that smaller cloud storage service is cheaper and makes more sense to use than the larger, more established services.
Nirvanix had previously raised $70 million in funding from Khosla Ventures, Valhalla Partners, Intel Capital, Mission Ventures, and Windward Ventures. Its last round was for $25 million, in May, 2012.
The company said it’s working to keep access to the service open through mid-October, which should at least help its former clients migrate to another company.
Here’s the official statement from Nirvanix (and note the lack of a straightforward apology):
For the past seven years, we have worked to deliver cloud storage solutions. We have concluded that we must begin a wind-down of our business and we need your active participation to achieve the best outcome.
We are dedicating the resources we can to assisting our customers in either returning their data or transitioning their data to alternative providers who provide similar services including IBM SoftLayer, Amazon S3, Google Storage or Microsoft Azure.
We have an agreement with IBM, and a team from IBM is ready to help you. In addition, we have established a higher speed connection with some companies to increase the rate of data transfer from Nirvanix to their servers.
We are working hard to have resources available through October 15 to assist you with the transition process, and have set up a rapid response team that can be reached at (619) 764-5650 [press 2 for customer support during normal business hours] or (888) 791-0365 after business hours, or contact firstname.lastname@example.org.
Please check back to this web page periodically for status updates.
We thank you for your support and patience.
The Nirvanix team
VentureBeat's mission is to be a digital town square for technical decision-makers to gain knowledge about transformative enterprise technology and transact. Learn more about membership.

Tiered Pricing Structure - Online Retailers and Alike (Type B Customers)
Dear Valued Customer,
We would like to advise you of changes to our trading terms; over the past 3 years we’ve been working with top breeders to supply you with quality fish, quality products and importantly competitive prices in line with our motto – “Better Fish Better Price.” We have implemented a new payment process for all customers, effective from 1st July 2017, and this aligns with the new website currently being built.
We want to continue to grow and offer the service and results you’ve come to expect of us. In order to remain competitive while still retaining our quality, will be introducing a tiered pricing structure moving forward to accommodate all aspects of the aquarium sector. The new tiered scheme reflects our increased experience, quality service and reputation within the industry, catering to all levels of operators within the aquarium community. We are looking at being part of developing healthy growth for this industry and we hope we can continue to serve your company long into the future.
From the date listed above the changes will be as follow;
o Pre-paid Online Orders – with a pay as you go system to allow you to pay for your cart upon checkout. This means that your order won’t even be processed for packing until payment is completed online. Freight will continue under the current arrangement.
o All online retailers and alike must prepay their order before shipping.
o Fish costing under $2.00 per unit, have a minimum of 10 units, this includes ALL orders regardless of how they have ordered. If you do not adhere to this, your order will be automatically adjusted, 10 fish will be caught and charged accordingly.
o Minimum orders will be $200.00 (ex. GST) up from $150 (ex. GST)
o Tiered pricing structure for type B customers (online retailers and alike)– 20% additional online retailer fee payable with each order. Reading this means you are TYPE B customer and will have an additional 20% of your total order added to your account on purchase.
o To aid with clarification, by Appointment only, maintenance business, online retailers, part time aquarium shops and in addition to the aforementioned any, business that operates from residential addresses are classified as type B customers.
If you have any questions or need clarification, please don’t hesitate to contact the office to discuss your account.
We thank you for your support and business.

Corona has spared the housing market, but the regulatory virus is spreading
The consequences of rampant regulation can currently be observed in the Berlin housing market. The rent cap decided at the beginning of the year dampens not only the rent but also and above all the supply. According to an evaluation by ImmoScout24, the rents offered for the apartments affected by the rent cap have fallen by 5 percent within one year up to September 2020. In contrast, the supply of rental apartments fell by almost 60 percent. In contrast, the supply of newer apartments built in 2014 or later, which are not subject to the rent cap, even increased slightly. If letting is no longer profitable, the apartments are taken off the market, for example for owner-occupancy or for sale.
According to the 2019 rent index, Berlin's rent level is rather low anyway, with a median for the basic rent of 6.72 euros per square meter. But this has not stopped the Berlin Senate from intervening in existing tenancies. With the second stage of the rent cap, existing tenants will also benefit from lower rents from the end of November onwards, if they exceed the permissible maximum rent by 20 percent. F+B estimates that around 500,000 apartments will be affected. The average rent saving potential is estimated at around 40 euros per apartment and month. The profiteers are, however, fewer tenants of cheaper apartments in 70s high-rise and prefabricated housing estates. In contrast, well-off Berliners who live in renovated and well-equipped Wilhelminian-style houses can be happy. Because the lowest reference rent and thus the highest rental savings are for buildings built up to 1918.
The individually manageable rent advantage is offset by disadvantages that can damage the housing market in the long run. According to F+B, the rent reduction results in a cumulative decline in rents of around 250 million euros annually. In order to limit the damage, the landlords will reduce the renovation costs, for example. For tenants, this will mean a reduction in the number of apartments they are increasingly used to. The loss of confidence caused by the encroachment on existing contracts could lead to investors deciding against the actually attractive and growing German capital and focusing more on other cities. The only way to help them find accommodation would be to build more new buildings. However, the number of new apartments approved for construction each year - around 20,000 - is already declining slightly.
Will other cities also introduce the rent cap if the Federal Constitutional Court does not reject it? The slowed increase in rents and the consequences shown speak against it. But the regulation of the real estate market is attractive for politicians. Many citizens support it, if limits are shown to the real estate industry. Moreover, the latter usually bears the costs. It was only at the beginning of November that the Federal Cabinet took action with the "conversion ban". The housing market, which is expected to become even more expensive in 2021, is likely to become a topic of discussion again in the upcoming federal elections. Investors will have to come to terms with this. In view of negative bond yields and the increased risks associated with commercial real estate, investment alternatives are just as rare as vacant apartments in Berlin Mitte.
Number of comments: 0
Leave a message
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

- The 3D printer is so fast that is has the ability to switch between different printing materials rapidly while ensuring that the size and texture of the printed object is consistent throughout.
- Design engineers involved in creating flexible electronics products can take advantage of this new technology for fast and efficient execution of their projects.
The invention of 3D printers has proved to be a great boon for designers who can now realise their complex ideas without worrying about the involved cost. However, there is one problem.
Conventional 3D printers take quite a long time to build a single material. And if a project requires multiple parts to be connected later, then that time could extend even more.
Now, it seems this issue has been resolved. A new technique called Multimaterial Multinozzle 3D (MM3D Printing) developed by engineers at Harvard’s Wyss Institute for Biologically inspired Engineering and John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Science (SEAS), allows seamless switching between up to eight different materials with a single nozzle. This makes the 3D printer capable of precisely printing complex 3D objects in much less time as compared to traditional 3D printing methods. And that too at a high resolution.
Fast switching of printing materials
The process with which this is achieved is interesting. The 3D printer uses high-speed pneumatic actuators that apply pressure to multiple ink channels that later converge in a Y-shaped junction inside the printhead. This provides quick and continuous switching between up to eight different printing materials that flow through the nozzle. Each nozzle can switch materials 50 times per second, which is faster than what the human eye can detect. Add to that an array of multiple nozzles and the 3D printer can simultaneously print even more complex shapes, which reduces time even more.
“When printing an object using a conventional extrusion-based 3D printer, the time required to print it scales cubically with the length of the object, because the printing nozzle has to move in three dimensions rather than just one,” said Mark Skylar-Scott, Ph.D., Research Associate at the Wyss Institute. “MM3D’s combination of multinozzle arrays with the ability to switch between multiple inks rapidly effectively eliminates the time lost to switching printheads and helps get the scaling law down from cubic to linear, so you can print multimaterial, periodic 3D objects much more quickly.”
At the printhead, precise tuning of the nozzle shape, printing pressure and ink viscosity prevents ink from mixing or flowing back into the static ink channel when pressure is applied at the Y-shaped junction. By using fast pneumatic actuators, a rapid and continuous one-way flow of ink from nozzle/nozzles enables creation of a 3D multimaterial part. This one-way flow is akin to railway signalling, where only one train can run on a particular railway track (in order to avoid collision with another train).
Flexible robotic movement
The researchers used MM3D printing to create a soft robot that has rigid and soft elastomers on different rows and connected with embedded pneumatic channels. By alternating the positions of the rigid elastomers between each row and sequentially compressing and decompressing the pneumatic channels, the soft robot is able to walk (much like a millipede, albeit slowly).
“Because MM3D printing can produce objects so quickly, one can use reactive materials whose properties change over time, such as epoxies, silicones, polyurethanes, or bio-inks,” said co-first author Jochen Mueller, Ph.D., Research Fellow at the Wyss Institute and SEAS. “One can also readily integrate materials with disparate properties to create origami-like architectures or soft robots that contain both stiff and flexible elements.”
During a test run, the soft robot was able to move at nearly half an inch per second and carry a load eight times its own weight.
Further development for increased complexity
At present, the research team is further modifying MM3D printing to enable individual nodes to produce different inks for creating even more complex patterns and objects.
The above publication titled ‘Voxelated soft matter via multimaterial multinozzle 3D printing’ is available in Nature.

This is my ClickFunnels evaluate.
ClickFunnels is an on the internet sales funnel home builder that aids organizations market, sell, and also deliver their products online.
It is a powerful device with a great deal of attributes, but it can be hard to utilize if you’re not acquainted with it.
I’m mosting likely to look at some of the fundamentals of ClickFunnels and just how it can benefit your business.
Below’s a fast introduction of what ClickFunnels is and also does:
- It helps organizations automate their advertising and marketing as well as sales procedures
- It makes it very easy to develop touchdown web pages and also sales funnels
- You can track your conversions and also sales information in real time.
- It’s easy to use, even if you’re not accustomed to internet marketing or sales procedures.
So you can …
- Save countless hours finding out just how to set up your advertising and marketing and also sales processes.
- Obtain extra leads and also consumers with lovely touchdown pages and also sales funnels.
- Raise your conversion price and close a lot more sales.
If you’re seeking a method to enhance your marketing as well as sales processes, ClickFunnels is a great option.
It’s easy to use and also can assist you conserve time and money on your advertising and marketing efforts.
ClickFunnels is a wonderful device for businesses of all dimensions, so if you’re thinking about utilizing it, I would certainly motivate you to do so.
ClickFunnels– The Ultimate Sales Channel Contractor
If you stay in business, then you recognize that the sales channel is the crucial to success.
In order to generate income, you require to have a system in place that will permit you to produce leads, and after that convert those leads into clients.
There are a great deal of different means to develop a sales funnel, but ClickFunnels is without a doubt the very best.
ClickFunnels makes it simple to build a sales channel from the ground up, and it comes with a great deal of attributes that sales funnel contractors do not have.
For instance, ClickFunnels has an integrated shopping cart that allows you to include products to your sales funnel without needing to use a different solution.
ClickFunnels also permits you to track your sales data in real time, so you can see just how well your sales funnel is performing as well as make changes accordingly.
On the whole, ClickFunnels is the very best sales channel contractor on the market today.
If you are serious about generating income online, after that you require to make use of ClickFunnels.
What is ClickFunnels? Need To HAVE Online Marketing Device
ClickFunnels is a powerful online business device that can assist you create a successful online visibility.
It permits you to create sales funnels, web pages, as well as opt-in types easily.
ClickFunnels is best for business owners who are wanting to construct an on the internet presence swiftly and conveniently.
What makes ClickFunnels so effective is its capability to aid you create a sales funnel promptly as well as quickly.
A sales channel is a series of website that lead a client from understanding to purchase.
ClickFunnels makes it simple to develop these web pages, opt-in forms, as well as email sequences with its drag as well as drop editor.
What’s also terrific about ClickFunnels is that it offers a wide variety of templates for various types of businesses.
So whether you’re offering physical items, digital products, or solutions, there’s a ClickFunnels layout that’s perfect for your organization.
If you’re looking to construct an online visibility and also create even more leads and also sales, then ClickFunnels is the ideal tool for you.
ClickFunnels Features – Sales Funnels & Touchdown Pages For NON-Techie
Why is ClickFunnels so preferred?
Prior to ClickFunnels building a sales funnel was a laborious task that needed expensive designers and designers.
You needed to assemble various software to develop a channel.
This would take weeks or even months to assemble.
Also after that, you went to the grace of your technology group whenever you wanted to make an adjustment.
With ClickFunnels, every little thing is drag as well as decrease.
You do not require any type of coding abilities or experience with website design.
ClickFunnels looks after all the technological stuff for you.
Develop sales funnels with ClickFunnels resembles having fun with Lego.
You can develop any type of sort of funnel you desire.
The opportunities are endless.
With ClickFunnels, you can create:
- Lead capture funnels
- Sales funnels
- Webinar funnels
- Subscription sites
Each funnel is developed to transform visitors into leads and after that customers.
You can utilize ClickFunnels to expand your email checklist, sell products, or even create a full-fledged subscription site.
The best component regarding ClickFunnels is that it’s easy to use.
With its drag as well as decrease editor, you can produce a channel in mins.
There’s no need to work with an expensive developer or programmer.
ClickFunnels takes care of all the technical things for you.
What actually establishes ClickFunnels besides various other sales funnel home builders is its outstanding features.
Below are several of the most effective attributes that ClickFunnels uses:
- Drag and also Go Down Editor – With ClickFunnels’ drag and decline editor, you can create a sales channel in minutes.
- Integrated Shopping Cart – ClickFunnels comes with an incorporated shopping cart that allows you to include items to your sales funnel without having to make use of a separate solution.
- Real-time Sales Data Tracking – ClickFunnels allows you to track your sales information in real time, so you can see how well your sales funnel is executing and make changes as necessary.
- A/B Checking – ClickFunnels’ A/B testing feature enables you to evaluate different versions of your sales funnel to see which one transforms one of the most site visitors into customers.
- Membership Websites – ClickFunnels makes it simple to produce membership sites with its drag and also decline editor as well as integrated subscription website templates.
- One-click Upsells – ClickFunnels’ one-click upsell attribute allows you to add products to your sales channel without needing to reroute your clients to a different web page.
- Built-In Repayment Handling – ClickFunnels comes with built-in repayment processing, so you can take payments without needing to use a separate solution.
- Third-Party Integration – ClickFunnels integrates with all the significant e-mail advertising and marketing, CRM, payment gateways as well as webinar platforms.
- Exceptional Client Support – ClickFunnels has a world-class customer support team that is always offered to help you with any kind of problems you might have.
- Free Trial – ClickFunnels supplies a complimentary 14-day test so you can try the software program prior to committing to a paid subscription.
” THE VERY BEST ADVERTISING DEVICES OUT THERE”
What is a Sales Channel?
A sales funnel is the procedure that business utilize to transform potential customers into paying consumers.
The objective of a sales channel is to nurture prospects till they are ready to purchase.
A typical sales funnel have 3 phases:
- Awareness: This is the top of the funnel where potential consumers are first revealed to your brand name.
- Consideration: This is the middle of the funnel where potential customers are considering your services or product.
- Decision: This is the bottom of the channel where leads are ready to purchase.
A sales funnel is typically represented as a collection of actions, beginning with awareness and ending with an acquisition.
The steps in between can differ relying on the kind of services or product you’re offering.
As an example, a sales channel for a SaaS product may have the adhering to steps:
- Enroll in a complimentary test
- Schedule a trial
- Begin using the product
- Update to a paid subscription
A sales funnel for a physical product could have the complying with steps:
- Add to haul
- Get in shipping details
- Pick settlement technique
- Place order
The crucial thing to remember is that not all prospects will certainly make it with your entire sales funnel.
Some will hand over at the awareness phase, while others will make it completely to the choice phase however determine not to acquire.
That’s why it is very important to have a strong sales channel in position so you can nurture your potential customers as well as assist them with the acquiring process.
Why Make Use Of a Sales Funnel?
A sales funnel is the best way to make sure that your potential customers are properly nurtured as well as assisted through the buying procedure.
With a sales funnel, you can track your potential customers’ behavior and see where they hand over so you can make changes as necessary.
A sales channel will also help you close more deals and also boost your conversion price.
If you’re not utilizing a sales funnel, you’re most likely leaving money on the table.
How to Utilize ClickFunnels
ClickFunnels is an effective sales funnel software application that makes it simple to produce, track, and also optimize your sales funnels.
Here’s a fast overview of exactly how to use ClickFunnels:
- Produce a new sales channel
- Add your products or services
- Establish your repayment processing
- Start driving traffic to your sales channel
- Test and optimize your sales funnel
- ClickFunnels is the best method to develop, track, and also maximize your sales funnels. With ClickFunnels, you can create a sales funnel in minutes.
Beginning your complimentary 14-day trial of ClickFunnels today!
ClickFunnels Cost– Is ClickFunnels Well worth it?
The inquiry is does your client be worthy of the “ideal” getting experience?
With a “sales individual” lead them and also guide them till they make a purchase?
If your solution is “YES” after that ClickFunnels is worth it.
You’ll find that you’ll obtain more sales with better copy, automated followup (e-mail), and also higher quality products/services.
If you’re on the fence concerning whether or not ClickFunnels deserves it, I would highly suggest checking out the free 14-day test.
Below is what ClickFunnels rates resembles:
- $ 97/month– Conventional Plan
- $ 297/month– Platinum Strategy (includes Actionetics and also Backpack).
The common plan is the most popular and includes everything you require to produce, track, and also optimize your sales funnels.
If you require much more attributes, the platinum strategy includes Actionetics (e-mail automation device) as well as Backpack (associate administration device).
On top of that you can obtain access to Channel Flix.
Funnel Flix is the Netflix but also for “Digital Marketing” where you can watch hours of training from the top online marketing experts.
Should You Utilize ClickFunnels?
If you’re serious about earning money online, then I would very advise using ClickFunnels.
It’s the most effective way to develop, track, and maximize your sales funnels. With ClickFunnels, you can quickly produce high-converting sales funnels.
Plus, ClickFunnels comes with a 14-day cost-free trial so you can try it out prior to investing in it.
Visit this site to begin your totally free 14-day trial of ClickFunnels today!
Who is ClickFunnels For?
You! The business proprietor, sales person, or advertising specialist.
You may be believing, “I don’t have time to find out another device.”.
Discovering contour in ClickFunnels is like if you understand just how to make use of a “mouse”, then you can conveniently produce an attractive sales channel in ClickFunnels.
It’s that simple.
You do not need to be a technology specialist to utilize ClickFunnels. As a matter of fact, ClickFunnels was produced for people similar to you that do not have time to discover coding or manage site hosting.
ClickFunnels is for anyone that wishes to enhance their on the internet sales.
It matters not if you’re a solopreneur, small business owner, or enterprise marketing expert. ClickFunnels can help you boost your online sales.
ClickFunnels Alternative-Is There Other Advertising And Marketing Devices Like ClickFunnels?
Yes, there are other advertising and marketing devices like ClickFunnels.
But in my viewpoint, ClickFunnels is the very best sales funnel software program on the marketplace.
- ClickFunnels is easy to use.
- ClickFunnels has a 14-day cost-free trial.
- ClickFunnels features training video clips.
- ClickFunnels has an area of customers.
- ClickFunnels incorporates with other software program.
I would extremely advise ClickFunnels if you’re searching for an easy to use sales channel software application.
Plus, with the 14-day cost-free trial, you can try it out before purchasing it.
Click on this link to start your cost-free 14-day test of ClickFunnels today!
ClickFunnels Testimonial Verdict– Is It Worth It?
Once again … ask on your own this …
Does your consumer worth world class purchasing experience?
Do you believe your products and services are entitled to a top quality discussion?
( OF COURSE!).
If you addressed YES to both of those inquiries, after that I would highly advise utilizing ClickFunnels.
ClickFunnels is the best way to develop, track, as well as maximize your sales funnels. With ClickFunnels, you can create high-converting sales funnels in mins.
In case you are a skim-mer( like me) below’s a wrap-up on what ClickFunnels can do:.
- Sales as well as Advertising Funnels Builder.
- Touchdown Web Page Home Builder.
- Email Autoresponder.
- Associate Monitoring System.
- And So Far more!
Start your complimentary 14-day trial of ClickFunnels today!
As well as …
Below is a quick recap on what ClickFunnels can do FOR you:.
- Save you money and times.
- Make more cash.
- Obtain a lot more leads and clients.
- Expand your service.
- Automate your sales process.
- Build the business that you actually LOVEs.
So what are you waiting on? Attempt ClickFunnels today!
ClickFunnels frequently asked question.
What is ClickFunnels?
ClickFunnels is a sales as well as advertising funnel building contractor that assists organizations increase their on the internet sales. It was created for people that don’t have time to find out coding or manage internet site hosting.
Can I make use of ClickFunnels if I’m not a technology expert?
You don’t require to be a tech expert to use ClickFunnels. Actually, ClickFunnels was created for individuals much like you that don’t have time to find out coding or manage website holding.
How much does ClickFunnels set you back?
ClickFunnels has 2 plans: the Requirement strategy as well as the Platinum plan. The Requirement plan costs $97/month as well as the Platinum strategy costs $297/month.
Is there a free test for ClickFunnels?
Yes, there is a cost-free 14-day trial for ClickFunnels.
What can I utilize ClickFunnels for?
You can make use of ClickFunnels to create, track, and maximize your sales funnels. In addition, you can use ClickFunnels to produce touchdown pages, email autoresponders, and also affiliate monitoring systems.
For how long does it take to set up a funnel in ClickFunnels?
It depends upon the complexity of the funnel. Nonetheless, usually, it takes about 10 minutes to set up an easy funnel and regarding thirty minutes to set up a complicated funnel.
Is ClickFunnels worth it?
Yes, ClickFunnels is worth it because it can aid you raise your online sales. In addition, ClickFunnels includes a cost-free 14-day test so you can try it out prior to investing in it.
What are the benefits of using ClickFunnels?
Some of the advantages of using ClickFunnels include: conserving money and time, making even more money, getting more leads and also clients, expanding your company, automating your sales procedure, and also building the business that you enjoy.
What is the difference in between ClickFunnels as well as WordPress?
The main difference between ClickFunnels and WordPress is that ClickFunnels is a sales and advertising and marketing funnel builder while WordPress is a content administration system. Additionally, ClickFunnels is a lot easier to use than WordPress.
Should I use ClickFunnels or Shopify?
It depends on what you’re attempting to accomplish. If you’re seeking to develop an online shop, then Shopify would be a much better choice. Nonetheless, if you’re wanting to increase your online sales, then ClickFunnels is the much better option.
Do I require a site to utilize ClickFunnels?
No, you don’t require an internet site to use ClickFunnels. However, having an internet site will make it much easier for you to make use of ClickFunnels.
Can I utilize ClickFunnels for my brick-and-mortar organization?
Yes, you can utilize ClickFunnels for your brick-and-mortar service. Nonetheless, you’ll need to have an online visibility for your company in order to make use of ClickFunnels.
What is the ClickFunnels affiliate program?
The ClickFunnels associate program is a means for you to make compensations by promoting ClickFunnels. As a ClickFunnels affiliate, you’ll obtain a commission for every single brand-new customer that you describe ClickFunnels.
Verdict– ClickFunnels: Yes or No?
To sum it up, ClickFunnels is a sales as well as advertising and marketing channel building contractor that can conserve you money and time.
It was developed for individuals who do not have time to find out coding or manage internet site organizing.
In addition, ClickFunnels includes a complimentary 14-day test so you can try it out before buying it.
Some of the benefits of using ClickFunnels consist of: conserving time and money, making even more cash, obtaining even more leads as well as customers, expanding your business, automating your sales process, and building the business that you enjoy.
P.S: Your product and services DESERVE Top quality Presentation!
Disclosure: I am an independent ClickFunnels Affiliate, not an employee. I receive referral payments from ClickFunnels. The opinions expressed here are my own and are not official statements of ClickFunnels or its parent company, Etison LLC.

Did they mention vanilla flavour in the ingredients? That must be all the chemicals! I don’t like almonds in my granola! What might be the source of honey? It might be overly sweet as always! Those cranberries look too stale! Cinnamon or Cassia? They’ll probably never mention! These endless questions, worries & long pauses browsing the granola/muesli aisles at the supermarkets ends right here. BAKE YOUR OWN GRANOLA! This crunchy & robustly flavoured mix of true cinnamon, vanilla, honey and coconut is guaranteed to make you a homemade granola convert.
~ Gather Your Ingredients ~
|2 cups Whole Rolled Oats|
|1/2 cup Coconut Oil|
|1/2 cup Honey|
|4 tsp Kandy ‘Heirloom’ Cinnamon [Add to cart]|
|1 tbsp Homemade Vanilla Bean Extract [Add to cart]|
|1/8 tsp (pinch) Salt|
|1 cup assortment of nuts & seeds of choice (Pistachios, Walnuts, Pumpkin seeds used in the recipe)|
|1/2 cup assortment of berries/dried fruits of choice (Dried cranberries, Medjool dates, Coconut flakes used in the recipe)|
|2 tbsp Cacao Nibs [Add to cart]|
~ Preparation Instructions ~
1. Mix all the basic ingredients together in a bowl and stir well to combine until the coconut oil and honey are well coated with the oats & spices. Add the nuts and seeds and combine well.
2. Line a baking tray with parchment paper. Spread the granola evenly, neither too thinly spread, for it might burn, nor too thick. Bake for about 20-25 mins in a preheated oven in 160°C. Stir the granola in between so it gets baked evenly. If you want the granola to be clumpy & chunky, do not mix and instead press down with a spatula to make them stick.
3. Let it cool. The granola gets crispier further as it cools. Then add the dried cranberries, medjool dates and coconut flakes. If you would like to further add any already roasted nuts, this is the time. Mix them well.
4. Once completely cooled down, store the granola in an airtight jar.
This ‘a-one-bowl-affair’ recipe is worth the extra minutes you’d have to spend every week or so. You get to choose your own quality ingredients and customise as per your taste & preferences.

Episode 102 – Jody Part 5 – Military One Source
I started by talking about a Veteran who committed suicide recently because of a spouse messing around with Jody. I want to be clear. No human being on this planet worth suicide. There is a better way. This promo video that kind of summed up how I felt this week about it. (Episode 102 Promo and Rant) .
No one wins in divorce. You can double that for a military divorce. There are situations you will face in a military that the majority of civilians will never encounter. Preparation and understanding of what your need to do is key to working toward the best possible outcome for you and your family.
Notice, I said best possible outcome. Again, there are no winners in divorce, so what you are working for is to complete the process and move on with your life without making the problem worse.
During this series on Jody and Jodie, I have worked to avoid hearsay, anecdotal evidence, or sea stories as a basis for discussion. Every episode has either a real story or solution offered so you can be informed and make that five paragraph order before going into battle. I found this great website called Military One Source.
Military One Source (https://www.militaryonesource.mil is hosted and managed by the U.S. Department of Defense. Look for the section Categories and there you will find Financial and Legal. Drill down in this section to find Legal and Family Legal Issues. Then you can review the section I used for this podcast, “Managing the Divorce Process”. Content was laid out in an easy to read, and follow format. The process had sections with tools and resources needed to be effective during this time of emotional trauma in one’s life. There even a number to call to get help finding an attorney for your case.
There will days that you stare into the abyss as my friend Jim Tough says during his daily pushup videos. Please do not step off the cliff. OMR Sends
Jody and Jodie Podcast Links
I will add the episode links so you can get caught up. This is a year long series, so buckle up
Links to Jody/Jodie Past Podcasts
- Episode 81 – Jody Part 1
- Episode 85 – Jodie Part 2
- Episode 89 – Jody Part 3
- Episode 94 – Jody Part 4

- Extended Catalogue Entry
by John Jackson
oil on canvas, circa 1815-1820
22 3/4 in. x 18 1/4 in. (578 mm x 476 mm)
Sitterback to top
- Samuel Wesley (1766-1837), Composer and organist; nephew of John Wesley. Sitter in 2 portraits.
Artistback to top
- John Jackson (1778-1831), Portrait painter. Artist associated with 231 portraits, Sitter in 6 portraits.
Linked publicationsback to top
Events of 1815back to top
Current affairsJohn and James Leigh Hunt are released from prison after a two year sentence for slandering the Prince of Wales in their outspoken, radical periodical the Examiner.
Corn Laws are introduced to protect against the collapse in prices which would inevitably follow peace with France, prompting riots in London.
Art and scienceHumphry Davy invents the miners' safety lamp though its reception is clouded by William Clanny and George Stephenson who present rival models in the same year.
British Institution arranges first in innovative series of Old Master exhibitions
provoking virulent attack on its patrons for neglecting contemporary art.
InternationalNapoleon returns to France from exile in Elba and resumes power until his abdication on 22 June; a period known as the 'Hundred Days'.
Battle of Waterloo concludes the Anglo-French struggle that had lasted more than a century. Peace of Vienna establishes Britain's global political, economic and imperial dominance which lasts for the next hundred years.
Listen to a series of podcasts exploring the lives of pioneering women, past and present.
William Eggleston was closely associated with the alternative music scene in Memphis. Revisit our 2016 exhibition and listen to a special playlist.
Links to audio and transcripts of interviews with artists, sitters and historic recordings.
Tell us more
Framed & unframed prints
Choose your favourite portrait from our Collection as a framed or unframed print for your home.

What are some popular economy hotels in Valladolid?
Ibis Valladolid, Hotel Roma and Hostal Paris
are popular economy hotels with good ratings.
How much do hotels in Valladolid cost?
Based on hotel prices on Trip.com, the average cost per night for hotels in Valladolid is USD 138. Hotel rates change often; this price is for reference only.
What are the most popular hotels in Valladolid?
Whether you're traveling for business or going on vacation, there are many popular hotels to choose from in Valladolid.
AC Hotel Palacio de Santa Ana by Marriott, Hotel Feria and Nexus Valladolid Suites & Hotel
are all popular hotels to stay at.
At what hotels in Valladolid can I try local breakfast foods?
A delicious breakfast is a great way to kick start your day. At
Hotel Boutique Gareus, Hotel Zentral Parque and Hotel Colón Plaza
, guests can enjoy Valladolid-style breakfasts.
Which hotels in Valladolid are suitable for families or travelers with kids?
Many people who travel with families or kids to Valladolid choose to stay at
Hotel Boutique Gareus, The Book Factory Hostel and Nexus Valladolid Suites & Hotel
. These hotels are also priced inexpensively.
What luxury hotels are recommended in Valladolid?
AC Hotel Palacio de Santa Ana by Marriott
is one of the most popular luxury hotels in Valladolid.
What hotels in Valladolid are suitable for couples?
Whether you're going on a honeymoon or a vacation with your partner,
Zenit El Coloquio, Washington Parquesol Suites & Hotel and Zenit Imperial
are some of the top hotels chosen by couples.
How much do hotels in Valladolid cost on the weekend?
Based on hotel prices on Trip.com, the average cost per night on the weekend for hotels in Valladolid is USD 157. Hotel rates change often; this price is for reference only.
At which popular hotels in Valladolid can I try local foods?
Those who like trying local foods might want to consider staying at
Hotel Boutique Gareus, NH Valladolid Bálago or Vincci Frontaura Hotel Valladolid
. There are lots of famous restaurants serving local dishes near these hotels.
Of all the hotels in Valladolid, which hotels have the highest user ratings?
When traveling to Valladolid for the first time, many travelers find it difficult to choose a hotel to stay in. According to Trip.com data,
Ibis Valladolid, Hostal Mónaco and Hotel Boutique Gareus
are popular hotels with high ratings, making them good choices for your trip.
What popular hotels in Valladolid have parking?
If you're planning on driving to Valladolid, why not stay at
Nexus Valladolid Suites & Hotel, Hotel Feria or AC Hotel Palacio de Santa Ana by Marriott
? These are all popular hotels with parking lots.
When traveling to Valladolid, which hotels have pools?
Summer is a great season to take your kids or family on a trip to Valladolid.
Silken Juan de Austria, AC Hotel Palacio de Santa Ana by Marriott(Indoor swimming pool) and Hotel Valladolid(Indoor swimming pool)
are popular hotels with pools.
What popular hotels have non-smoking rooms in Valladolid?
Many guests care about the quality of the rooms they stay in and want to ensure that their rooms have fresh, clean air.
Sercotel Felipe IV, Hotel Boutique Gareus and Hotel Zentral Parque
are all popular hotels in Valladolid with non-smoking rooms.
In Valladolid, what popular hotels have free Wi-Fi?
When staying at a hotel, internet access is important for both vacationers and business travelers.
Hotel Zentral Parque, Hotel Colón Plaza and NH Valladolid Bálago
are all popular hotels in Valladolid with free Wi-Fi.
In Valladolid, which hotels have barrier-free access?
NH Ciudad de Valladolid, Hotel Boutique Gareus and Hotel Zentral Parque
are popular hotels in Valladolid with barrier-free access.
In Valladolid, which popular hotels have gyms?
Based on Trip.com user ratings,
Hotel Boutique Catedral, AC Hotel Palacio de Santa Ana by Marriott and Vincci Frontaura Hotel Valladolid
are highly rated hotels with gyms.

Posted on February 24, 2016 by Jacob Dayringer
Leave a Comment
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
Notify me of new posts by email.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
13564 MacClain Rd.
Gowen, MI 49326
Camp Office: (616).754.7258
Camp Greenwood Facebook
Copyright © 2022 · All Rights Reserved · Camp Greenwood
Theme: Natural Lite by Organic Themes · RSS Feed

Innokin iClear 30 Dual Coil Clearomizer
The iClear 30 features dual coils, an easily replaceable atomizer head, a large 3ML capacity, and rotatable threaded mouth piece.
Replaceable Dual Coil Innokin iClear 30 is the first dual coil clearomizer with a replaceable atomizer head, making it very inexpensive to maintain, while providing huge amounts of vapor and flavor.
The huge capacity is another great feature of the iClear 30. It has a large 3ml ch...

Armorlene® HLA from Hallite is a special mineral-filled PTFE based sealing material whose performance is outstanding in key hydraulic sealing characteristics, such as friction, wear and high pressure operation.
When comparatively tested against competitors, our Armorlene® HLA mineral-filled PTFE material offers customers comparable performance to market leading, best-in-class PTFE materials.
This latest addition of Armorlene® HLA PTFE to the Hallite material portfolio provides customers with a trusted alternative supplier of premium PTFE continuing Hallite’s 100 year tradition of bring customers high quality, high performance hydraulic sealing solutions
Benefits of Armorlene® HLA
- Excellent in all hydraulic fluids
- Excellent wear resistance
- Excellent low-friction properties
- Good extrusion resistance
|Armorlene® HLA material characteristics|
|Filler||Special mineral compound|
|Temperature range °C||-73 to 260°C|
|Temperature range °F||-100 to 500°F|

Guides and Tips
13 of the best glamping spots
Camping doesn’t have to mean roughing it in the great outdoors. Pack your bag, grab your hiking boots and prepare to release your inner hippie with our list of the best glamping spots.
2017 © Ryanair DAC. All rights reserved.

So I am going back and forth with Jamf support about some issues i have been experiencing, and i get an interesting statement back....
given how the jamf binary is expected to execute; if there is no active user at any point during the 24 hour window, the binary cannot issue the commands to check-in and therefore the inventory update policy is never triggered.
I am pretty sure that is not correct, or at least it wasnt at some point in the past.
Can anybody confirm this is accurate behavior? Check-in Polices such as an Inventory Update only run if a user is logged in?
Never heard of that, and I agree I don't believe that's correct, unless Jamf changed something in how it all works recently. The check-in is controlled by a LaunchDaemon, so it runs as root, which means a user doesn't need to be logged in for it to execute. At least that's what I've known and believed for many years now.
The one issue I can see, and perhaps this is what the support person was alluding to, is that if your Mac's network connection is contingent on a user being logged in, for example, if it's using a user level certificate to connect to Wi-Fi, AND you do not have a Login Window Wi-Fi configuration profile applied to it, then the Mac may not have a network connection when someone isn't logged in. If that is the case, then they are correct in saying that a Mac can't actually do a "check-in" with Jamf Pro when sitting at the login window. The LaunchDaemon will still kick off when it needs to throughout the day, but as it wouldn't have a connection to the Jamf server, it will never run any policies, including the inventory collection.
That of course doesn't apply if there is a hardwired Ethernet connection in place.
Could that be the case here?
So i have a test machine that last update was yesterday at 11:29 am, The checkin is working as expected, last checkin was a few minutes ago.
I will see if it runs the built in Inventory Update payload policy (unless the issue is the policy?)
Yes my mac is hardwired, shouldn't have the wifi issue you stated above.
@szultzie Reference the Jamf's name and your support case # and escalate to your CSM. They can then escalate the case to someone within support that actually knows how the product functions.
Support giving out incorrect information is happening far too frequently and needs to be remediated.
MacBook/iMac school here:
Any laptop with the lid closed will not and cannot communicate with JAMF. Any laptop that's asleep will not and cannot communicate with JAMF.
This has nothing to do with JAMF, this is how MacBooks work.
A hardwired computer with Wake for Wi-Fi network access enabled is going to communicate for a day. Unless you have a way to wake it up (with a user logged in), that bad boy is done checking in indefinitely. Source: Every iMac in my building over the summer.
That all being said: If anyone has a way or method to allow checkins (and even better, the ability to run policies on macbooks with the lid closed), please, share it here. You'll take 30 days of work off my summer checklist.
@szultzie , how is your inventory policy setup? Do you see where it's run in the machine's policy log history?
We had an issue where the built-in policy for inventory wasn't running with consistency. According to the logs the policy would run but it would never submit any inventory or update the machine record in the JSS. That policy simply had "Update Inventory" checked under the Maintenance category.
We ended up creating a new policy and under Files and Processes category put /usr/local/bin/jamf recon in the "Execute Command" area. Running the inventory from the jamf command line has worked consistently for us where the built-in option in the policy would not.
A colleague of mine worked with Jamf support, but they were never able to figure out why the built-in policy wasn't working like it should.
@larry_barrett We are not in the situation you are seeing, but i did solve it for a laptop lab... you have to make sure you have a hardwire connection to the laptop and power, then close the lid and it shouldn't go to sleep, assuming you have your power settings properly set up to not allow sleep on plugged in power
@Brad_G Yes i am using the built in "Update Inventory" payload. I even explained that to the tech, and it was actually set that way up during our JumpStart about 4 years ago. I am pretty sure it worked fine up until recently. Another couple hours I will be able to confirm the behavior, as my test machine is approaching 24 hours for the last Inventory Update. It is sitting at the log in screen.
If this is the issue, Jamf support should know that the work around should be the "Files and Processes" payload... here is what i got back as a work around, and i think this is my elevated support person already...
- Log in with a local admin account via ARD and run the recon command locally via Terminal. - Access the machine via SSH and run the command in Terminal. - Set up a daemon on a timer which runs the recon command, or calls the policy to then run the recon.
My test machine did another Inventory Update to day at 11:43 am, ruffly 24 hours later, wih NO user logged in.
So my Jamf contact is wrong, or its not the "expected" behavior.
I agree that Jamf support is getting horrible, and also does your Jamf Buddy and Success person keep changing like ever 3-6 months?
So thank you all that have confirmed how the checking works, i thought i was going to go crazy if it was working like the Jamf tech said.

Florence Foster Jenkins: The World’s Worst Singer?
On the 19th of July 1868, American amateur operatic soprano Florence Foster Jenkins was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. Jenkins had no sense of rhythm or intonation, yet she became highly popular during her time, making it eventually into Carnegie Hall, New York. Considering her lacking vocal abilities, she nevertheless appears to have taken herself seriously and her notoriety may have equally been the result of public conspiracy and bluff. Her voice technically vanished into thin air in the upper register, making listening to her singing both comical and unpleasant. Surprisingly, a staple in her performances was The Queen of the Night’s aria in Mozart’s The Magic Flute – never in living memory had a singer so untalented tried to climb to such ambitious heights and with such embarrassing results! And yet Florence Foster Jenkins had made it into a true star.
She was the daughter of a banker, but already in her youth she expressed her desire to become a professional musician. Her father, however, set in his Victorian ways, did not approve of his daughter’s wish and hoped that she would lead a domestic life instead. As a result, she got married to a doctor, Frank Thornton. But the marriage did not last very long, and its dissolution meant that she could barely support herself from the piano lessons she was giving. It was only after her father’s death, and with the money that was left to her, that she was able to follow her inner calling.
She immediately took up voice lessons, which in all honesty had very little impact on her singing technique. Her dubious sense of rhythm forced her accompanist, Cosme McMoon, to make adjustments to her tempo variations and mistakes. It did not discourage her at all, but rather fuelled her hopes of a future career as an operatic singer. Consequently, she financed small solo recitals and attracted a society of women around herself in order to support her musical endeavours. At the same time she became an active supporter of the musical arts, creating a small fund to help young musicians. An expert organizer, she put together benefits and recitals and included herself in the line-up of performers. An additional way of creating a direct connection with the audience was through the personal sale of tickets to her recitals. Ever proactive, at the end of each concert, she asked her public to write to her and tell her what songs they liked the most. It seems that her interpersonal and managerial skills outweighed her musical talent by far. But it is probably thanks to the former that she was able to fulfil her dream.
The public, hungry for laughter and entertainment, attended Jenkins’ performances in great numbers. During these, she proudly attested to the ‘un-glory’ of the human voice and the glory of human spirit. Her on-stage persona was as distinguished as her repertoire. She wore glamorous costumes, her favourite being the “Angel of Inspiration”, a costume which featured a pair of giant white wings. On some occasions, she would carry a basket full of carnations, which she would throw to the audience.
“Madame Jenkins was a remarkable example of a person who pursued her desire for self-expression to its ultimate consequence. The extravagance of her vision may have been a laughing matter, but it was that of someone who had refused to be inhibited by critics. She was the heroine of the untalented, those who were destined to live forever in the darkness of history because of their unremarkableness. She was a performance artist, a sum larger than its parts, a determined spirit intent of proving that the love of art could be just as powerful, if not more powerful, than the perfect execution of it. Her accompanist, McMoon, said, “When it came to singing, she forgot everything. Nothing could stop her. She thought that she was a great artist.”” (Pablo Helguera, Theatrum Anatomicum (and Other Performance Lectures))
Following a car accident in 1944, Florence discovered that she was finally able to reach “a higher F than ever before”. And that was her ticket to Carnegie Hall where, aged 76, the singer reached the highest point in her singing career. Unfortunately, she died one month later. “At her last concert, at Carnegie Hall, her artistry was not entirely lost on the critics. While reviews of the recital included the usual derisive comments, many of them had mild and polite asides. One reviewer wrote, “Everybody had a pleasant evening.” Wrote another, “Her attitude was at all times that of a singer who performed her task to the best of her ability.” Robert Bager of the New York World-Telegram observed, “She was exceedingly happy in her work. It is a pity so few artists are. And her happiness was communicated as if by magic to her listeners…who were stimulated to the point of audible cheering, even joyous laughter and ecstasy by the inimitable singing.”” (Helguera).
Jenkins’ conclusive motto was, “People may say I can’t sing, but no one can ever say I didn’t sing”. We can only agree to that and conclude by saying: nothing is impossible to a willing mind!

Robert Hardy, Harry Potter actor, dies at 91
The actor Robert Hardy, star of TV series All Creatures Great and Small, has died aged 91, his family has said.
Hardy, they said, had a "tremendous life" and "a giant career in theatre, television and film spanning more than 70 years".
He was also known for numerous portrayals of Winston Churchill.
In more recent years, he appeared as Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic, in four of the Harry Potter films.
Hardy’s children Emma,Justine and Paul said in a statement:
“Dad is also remembered as a meticulous linguist, a fine artist, a lover of music and a champion of literature, as well a highly respected historian, and a leading specialist on the longbow. He was an essential part of the team that raised the great Tudor warship The Mary Rose. Gruff, elegant, twinkly, and always dignified, he is celebrated by all who knew him and loved him, and everyone who enjoyed his work.”

The Vaid Group
Strategic Consulting - Social Innovation
We are dedicated to advancing the field in our areas of focus. We do this through conducting careful research, data collection, and publishing this work in the form of new resources that can inform programs, initiatives and culture change.
Please contact us if you would like to discuss your project or initiative.

LU JACKS® Skipping Rope with Ball Bearings Rapid Speed Jump Rope Cable and 6” Memory Foam Handles Ideal for Aerobic Exercise Like Speed Training, Extreme Jumping, Endurance Training and Fitness Gym
- Material Polyvinyl Chloride
- Color Black
- Brand LU JACKS®
- Handle Material Memory Foam
- Grip Material Ethylene Vinyl Acetate Foam
- Smooth and Fast: the ball bearing system avoids the twisting, winding or bending like other fitness ropes, it ensures stable and relaxed rotation, as our skipping rope can bear heavy load, which brings your a perfect exercise of skipping rope, also provides the best fluency for elite fitness professionals.
- Sports Fitness: our exercise skipping rope can shape your cardio endurance, stamina and speed, while improving the muscle tension of your whole body. A great choice for boxing, MMA and cross training.
- PVC Embedded Wire Rope: the braided steel wire rope is coated with PVC, which features durable and smooth, ensures the maximum service life and avoids cracking or breaking.
- Maximum Comfort: the gym skipping rope constructed with light weight ergonomic handles coated with 6 inch soft EVA memory foam grips for extra comfortable and strong grip, so that you can You can take full advantage for doing exercise.
- Adjustable Length: design with 9 feet long of the rope, it can be adjusted quickly according to your height. Suitable for adults and children.
PVC coated braided steel cables.
It can be used for adults and children.
Adjustable 9 inches of the cable length.
Suitable for boxing, MMA, aerobics and fitness training.
The rope can be adjusted the length you want according to your height.
It can burn calories and fat while exercising your muscles during jumping.
Lightweight, durable and comfortable handle makes it easy to grasp and carry.
Dual ball bearing system and slight cable can pass through the air quickly, thus increasing the speed.
Fitness Ropes Color: black.
Jump Rope Handle Length: 6 inch.
Fitness Speed Rope Length: 9 feet.
1. Please start slowly in avoid of injured accidentally by fast speed.
2. Please choose an open area for jump rope and be care if someone stay near you.

Customers who bought this item...
Guns And Roses (Blu-ray) (English Subtitled) (China Version) Blu-ray Region All
Our Price: US$28.99List: US$31.99 Save: US$3.00 (9%)
Important information about purchasing this product:
- This product is accepted for return under certain conditions. For more details, please refer to our return policy.
- Blu-ray Discs are exclusively compatible with Blu-ray Disc players, and cannot be played on conventional DVD players or HD DVD players.
- This product will not be shipped to Hong Kong.
Also bought these items...
Showing: 1-1 of 1 items Page: 1

The Senate continues to misfire in the reapportionment debate. In their brief to the Supreme Court the Senate lawyers have claimed that the chamber fixed every objection of the court in the initial plan which met with court rejection. The Senate argued that they had fixed the problems in Central Florida but in reality they have continued to gerrymander two districts, overlapping multiple communities of interest and ensuring two Orange/Seminole County based seats continue to elect Republicans despite the overwhelming swing politically against the GOP in the area over the past ten years.
The idea of large portions of Polk County being represented by an Orange County-based legislator should be enough to get this plan tossed. Polk, which has had some of the most powerful resident Senators over the past 30 years, has long been a moderating influence on the chamber. When the Democrats were in the majority the likes of Bob Crawford, Rick Dantzler, and Curtis Peterson were to the right of the majority of Democrats. In the GOP majority era, the likes of Paula Dockery and JD Alexander have been moderating influences on the entire framework of legislative policy.
Please visit the Political Hurricane.
Potentially stripping Polk County of an additional resident Senator despite robust growth not only ensures continued service from Andy Gardiner but probably undermines advocacy for agricultural interests in the state. Moving further south, the Senate argues they have fixed the district where Ellyn Bogdanoff could run in southeast Florida, but the reality is they have drawn a 55 mile long district designed to keep as many GOP voters in heavily Democratic Broward and Palm Beach counties in place to help Bogdanoff’s cause.
Perhaps the most comical part of the Senate’s brief is that the non-partisan plan pushed by various good government groups, and this week supported by the Florida Democratic Party, is a partisan gerrymander. As the comments on earlier posts on this site indicate, many Democratic activists feel the plan Rod Smith and the party lawyers signed on to is not partisan enough. It is, in fact, a plan that endangers several Democratic incumbents and ensures a continued GOP majority, albeit a smaller one. The non-partisan plan draws compact districts based on communities of interest without regards to party performance or incumbent protection. This was the criteria that led 63% of Florida voters to cast ballots in favor of the 2010 Fair Districts Amendments.
What the Senate’s arrogance is continuing to show is that politicians of both parties cannot be trusted to draw the maps. It is entirely possible that irrespective of how this court case is decided, in the next decade a push for an independent redistricting commission will resurface. Fair district standards are great, but most politicians who are in power cannot be trusted to ever follow the law even when the law is clear.
The following is from Kartik Krishnaiyer and cross-posted with permission of the Political Hurricane.

Teen AFC Totton goalkeeper Josh Jeffries earns dream move to Southampton Football Club
TEENAGE AFC Totton shot-stopper Josh Jeffries has left the club having earned a dream move to Premier League outfit Southampton.
The 6ft 4in hot prospect has left the Southern League side with the blessing of its chiefs, having come through its youth set-up and making his Stags first-team debut as a second-half sub against Durley in the Southampton Senior Cup in January.
Jeffries impressed between the sticks during a trial match with Southampton U18s at AFC Totton’s Snows Stadium in February, which prompted the club to offer him an extended trial period.
Following that, Jeffries has now been given a full-time scholarship deal.
“It’s been surreal,” he said. “After joining Totton, the directors and management decided to put my name forward to Southampton. I played in a game against West Brom at Staplewood and trained with the first team, including some sessions with Willy Caballero which was a great experience.”
Josh’s deal requires him to continue his BTEC Sports Level 3 course through online learning, which he’ll be able to pursue to a higher academic level after the summer, with two days a week devoted to studying.
“It would be a dream to play for the Southampton first team, but my ambition is to progress and play professionally at the highest level I possibly can,” the young keeper said.
“Coming to Totton provided me with the spotlight to get noticed by Saints, so I’m grateful for everything the people at this club have done for me.”
The move comes just a month after midfielder Jordan Ngalo left the Snows Stadium to sign a professional contract with Vanarama National League club Aldershot Town in a deal that could benefit Totton financially through a sell-on fee and pre-season friendlies.
“While we aim to take this football club forward in its own right, we have to run it sustainably,” said Sam Davies, AFC Totton director of football.
“Nurturing young talent and helping players who have come down the football pyramid to find their way back up the divisions is also fundamental to what we’re about, as part of our strategy for longer-term progression.
“We’re delighted to help young players like Jordan and Josh make their way in the game and we wish them every success.”

Our Brazilian Virgin hair is not been dyed, coloured, bleached, permed, chemically processed. It's pure virgin hair cut from the donors hair. We supply the highest quality virgin hair, with allows easy maintenance with natural wear.
All Brazilian virgin hair is unique in it's own way - varying in lengths and thickness. Virgin hair is available in many different textures depending on the look you want to achieve - straight, wavy and curly. Each bundle of virgin hair is approximately 100g (approximately 3.5oz).
Brazilian virgin hair is available in lengths 10"-28" inches.
10"-16" 2 bundles can give you a full look
18"-28" 3 bundles can give you a natural look, adding extra piece for a fuller look
Styling and colouring
You can flat iron, blow dry, use curling tongs and colour the virgin hair to achieve the look you desire.

Our last tourist activity in Hyderabad was the most interesting: we visited what used to be the mansions built by the white-collar administrators of the Nizams, those wealthy Persians. These well-paid administrators aspired to the bourgeoisie as much as the employer they served, and they built mansions to prove it. Most were European-wannabe architecture, which was all the rage in the 17-18th century here, with courtyards. Originally the mansions stood on large tracts; in time the city filled in around them.
Now the mansions are in irreversible disrepair, and many people squat there. Basically, if a structure here has at least two walls and can be roofed, someone will be living there. Not sure I’d go so far as “squalor”, but certainly “extreme austerity” – more than the most unpretentious and modest conditions we ever see in Mexico. One of the mansions dedicates one floor to a family and the other floor to goats; the result smells about the way you’d expect. I couldn’t figure out where the family did their toilet, and I don’t really want to know; I can’t believe this place would have running water.
While it’s depressing that no one has stepped up to rescue these structures or at least declare them off-limits to squatters, this was the most interesting of the Hyderabad tours since it addressed an important facet of the history and got us into backstreets of the Charminar area where tourists definitely never go. It is worth remembering that more than half the world’s people live this way (if not even more austere). Worth remembering next time you hear someone use the expression “That’s a first world problem”.
Oh, right - my two presentations were successful by any standard, and there were even a handful of Indian students who recognized me from taking the MOOC. They were honored to meet me in person and wanted a picture with me, and were positively giddy when I offered them free book copies. It is nice to feel one is making a difference; the whole purpose of my trip was to help Indian faculty adopt our stuff, and I think based on the reception I received that it’s been a successful trip.
Next: Penguin and I travel to Mumbai in 2nd class rail, with the working people!

The American Bar Association’s 2015 Midyear Meeting came to Houston this month, and it wasn’t hard to find Texans in prominent roles.
Texans were speakers and award recipients during the concurrent meetings of the ABA and several related groups, including the National Association of Bar Executives, the National Conference of Bar Presidents, and the National Conference of Bar Foundations.
State Bar of Texas President Trey Apffel helped open the bar presidents’ conference by welcoming the leaders to Houston and explaining the city’s nicknames, including Space City, Bayou City, and H-Town.
“But Houston is also known by another name, the Big Heart,” Apffel said, referring to the moniker earned after the city housed Hurricane Katrina evacuees in 2005. “And it’s that spirit of service that guides the State Bar of Texas and local bar associations like the Houston Bar—as I’m sure it also guides each of the organizations represented in this room today.”
Apffel also promoted professionalism and ethics in the law during a keynote address before the National Organization of Bar Counsel, a nonprofit group whose members enforce ethics rules that regulate lawyers’ professional conduct in the U.S., Canada, and Australia.
“A fellow Texas attorney once said, ‘Ethics and professional responsibility should be of paramount concern to all lawyers,’” Apffel said. “‘Given the public’s skepticism of lawyers, the conduct of every attorney reflects on the profession.’ Practicing for more than 30 years as a trial lawyer has taught me the importance of being ethical in all situations.”
Other event highlights appear below.
Spirit of Excellence Awards
Former State Bar of Texas board chair Kim J. Askew, a partner in K&L Gates in Dallas, was one of four attorneys to receive a 2015 Spirit of Excellence Award from the ABA Commission on Racial and Ethnic Diversity in the Profession. Other winners were former ABA President Robert J. Grey Jr. of Richmond, Virginia; Judge Jacqueline H. Nguyen of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in California; and Kevin K. Washburn, assistant secretary of Indian Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior.
Click here to stream video from Askew’s speech, and look for a printed version in the March issue of the Texas Bar Journal.
American Lawyers Alliance Awards
The American Lawyers Alliance, a nonprofit organization that promotes understanding of the legal system, honored three Texans during its 2015 midyear awards luncheon.
Carolyn Clark of San Antonio and Phyllis Dent of Houston received 2015 Outstanding Individual Volunteer awards, while Lucy Harrison of Longview received the 2015 Lifetime Achievement Award. State Bar of Texas President-elect Allan K. DuBois and his wife, Pam, presented the awards.
The organization also presented ALA Auxiliary Support Program Awards to 12 local or state auxiliaries from across the country, including the Houston Bar Association Auxiliary and the San Antonio Bar Auxiliary.
Book reception and presentation
Former State Bar President Richard Pena of Austin and co-author John Hagan spoke at a reception celebrating their book, Last Plane Out of Saigon, which chronicles Pena’s experiences as an operating room specialist in the Vietnam War.
Asked what readers should take away from the book, Pena said that wars have consequences. “Fifty-eight thousand Americans were killed in Vietnam; 3.1 million went to Vietnam,” he said. “I have always thought that their story needed to be told.”
Also, read an excerpt from Last Plane Out of Saigon in the September 2014 Texas Bar Journal.
State Bar of Texas Immediate Past President Lisa M. Tatum of San Antonio and Houston attorney Benny Agosto Jr., chair of the State Bar of Texas Hispanic Issues Section, spoke at a forum on how to prepare bar associations for diversity and inclusion.
Tatum said two keys to success are to make diversity a mainstream conversation within an organization and to implement a detailed action plan. Progress is possible even if you can’t afford a full-time staff member devoted to the efforts, both speakers said.
Alternatives include coordinating with other bar associations or finding established programs you can duplicate. “If you don’t have the budget, that doesn’t mean you cannot have the function and the wherewithal to get things done,” Agosto said.
Legal initiatives for veterans
Former State Bar director Travis Sales, a partner in Baker Botts in Houston, participated in a panel discussion on veterans’ legal initiatives, highlighting programs such as the Houston Bar Association Veterans Legal Initiative and the State Bar’s Texas Lawyers for Texas Veterans. Another former State Bar director, Jo Ann Merica, special counsel to McGinnis Lochridge in Austin, joined HBA Executive Director Kay Sim and others in representing Texas during a meeting of the ABA Coordinating Committee on Veterans Benefits & Services.
Other Texans at ABA
Justice Douglas Lang of the Fifth Court of Appeals and Dallas attorney Mark Sales, both former State Bar directors and former Dallas Bar Association presidents, led a workshop on how metro bars should play a role in mentoring new lawyers. Bree Buchanan, director of the Texas Lawyers’ Assistance Program, spoke about raising awareness of lawyer assistance programs. Amy Turner, State Bar human resources director, spoke on a panel about creating a “harmonious rhythm” with staff, and Lowell Brown, communications director, was one of four panelists discussing creative ways to welcome and engage new members.
Visit the State Bar of Texas Flickr page for an album of photos from the conference.
Pictured from top, left to right: ABA President William C. Hubbard joins Karen Apffel and State Bar of Texas President Trey Apffel at the Spirit of Excellence Awards presentation. State Bar Immediate Past President Lisa M. Tatum congratulates Spirit of Excellence Award winner Kim J. Askew of Dallas, a former State Bar of Texas chair. Former State Bar President Richard Pena of Austin and co-author John Hagan discuss their book during a reception.

Morgan Radford. Morgan Radford is the newest anchor on NBC 's fast-growing streaming-only news channel News Now, creating firsts for her and network news. It will not only be the first time. John William Chancellor (July 14, 1927 - July 12, 1996) was an American journalist who spent most of his career with NBC News. He served as anchor of the NBC Nightly News from 1970 to 1982 and... more 10 80 Top 12 Hottest Female News Anchors 1. Melissa Theuriau. Without any doubt, Melissa Theuriau deserves to top the list of hottest female anchors in the world. 2. Susan Li- CNBC. Susan Li is an incredibly beautiful journalist who presently works for the American television... 3. Ghida Fakhry-.
NBCUniversal Media Villag Michelle Valles. Kathy Vara. Colleen Williams. Vikki Vargas. Beverly White. Robin Winston. Anthony Yanez. Download our mobile app for iOS or Android to get the latest breaking news and local..
December 15, 2020. Peter Busch is a multiple EMMY award winning journalist who anchors NBC2 News at 5, 5:30, 6 and 11pm News anchors need to be calm, innovative and resourceful as they may be called up to present breaking news anytime without notice. In such cases they have to narrate the news without a script and have to manage without proper mikes or equipment. Read on to browse through a list of world famous television anchors and read their biographies and timelines. More From TV Anchors. Male Tv Anchors. Morning anchor Tracy Davidson will move to afternoons on the station. Effective Friday, September 18, Erin Coleman and Keith Jones will move from anchoring from the station's 5 pm evening broadcast to weekday mornings for NBC 10 News TODAY (4 am - 7 am) Andrew Lack, Chairman of NBC News and MSNBC, on Thursday announced that Lester Holt will be named the permanent anchor of NBC Nightly News. Holt, 56, has been a television news reporter for.. Evening News Anchor/Reporter. Leigh anchors the 4 and 6pm newscasts on NBC15, where she has worked since 2003. Leigh has won numerous awards for her work, including an Emmy Award and a National.
The first fact we learn about Craig Melvin in the NBC News anchor's new memoir Pops is that his father was born in a federal prison in West Virginia.. The revelation grabs the reader by the collar and will likely surprise viewers who watch Melvin, 42, a smooth broadcaster who never displays a hint of angst over the many hours each week he's seen across NBC News properties ABC News presenter Tom Llamas is gearing up to become the new face of NBC News and potentially replace longtime anchor Lester Holt after he was poached by the rival network, DailyMail.com can..
The first fact we learn about Craig Melvin in the NBC News anchor's new memoir Pops is that his father was born in a federal prison in West Virginia.. The revelation grabs the reader by. Tom Llamas Is Headed to NBC After Making a Dramatic Departure From ABC News. By Joseph Allen. Feb. 1 2021, Published 11:25 a.m. ET. Even at the highest levels of the news business, career shifts happen regularly and sometimes quite suddenly. That was the case for Tom Llamas, who was working as the weekend anchor of World News Tonight on ABC NBC News Now, five weeks after the free streaming service's launch, has a full-time anchor: Alison Morris, who most recently was with Fox Corp.'s Fox 5 in New York.. Since launching May 29. Joe Fryer is an American journalist working for NBC News as a west coast correspondent based at the NBC News West Coast Bureau in Universal City, California.Fryer joined NBC News in 2013 as a part-time correspondent and officially joined NBC News as a full-time correspondent on October 21, 2013
NBC News Anchor Salary in the United States . How much does an Anchor make at companies like NBC News in the United States? The average salary for Anchor at companies like NBC News in the United States is $44,959 as of May 27, 2021, but the range typically falls between $36,061 and $59,294.Salary ranges can vary widely depending on many important factors, including education, certifications. Welcome to The Today Show guide, on January 14 1952 Today began it's journey as TV's longest running morning news program on NBC, went on the air. It aired at 7:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) as a 2.
NBC Nightly News NBC4 anchors, reporters and more about KNBC News. Reporter bios, anchor bios and information about the NBC Los Angeles news team. About Us | NBC Southern California. News 737 Max News New Zealand New NSW Labor leader Jodi McKay says reaching out to rural NSW, western Sydney and multicultural communities will Tasmanian Premier Will Hodgman has announced a new-look. The NAB announced that the . Home; About. Agents; Alumni. Angel James; Brandon Contes; Catherine Maddu NBC News Anchor Jessica Savitch Holding Court in the newsroom NBC Nightly News - Watch episodes on NBC.com and the NBC App. Lester Holt anchors the most-watched evening newscast in America
Longtime NBC-2 anchor Clay Miller has announced he's leaving the news business.. He served as morning anchor for 15 of his 17 years with Waterman Broadcasting at the Fort Myers-based television. Browse 673 nbc nightly news anchor stock photos and images available, or start a new search to explore more stock photos and images. Decision 2010 -- Pictured: Brian Williams, Anchor, é-·NBC Nightly Newsé-· during Decision 2010 on November 2, 2010. Nightly News anchorman John Chancellor sits on a desk in the NBC newsroom Joe Fryer is an American journalist working for NBC News as a west coast correspondent based at the NBC News West Coast Bureau in Universal City, California.Fryer joined NBC News in 2013 as a part-time correspondent and officially joined NBC News as a full-time correspondent on October 21, 2013 At NBC 6, Vargas rose to prominence dishing lifestyle and entertainment news on the midday broadcast 6 In the Mix ,which began in 2012.She also hosts a similar show in Spanish, Acceso Total, on Telemundo 51. Previously, Vargas was a co-anchor of Live Miami at 11. In 2018, she replaced Sharon Lawson as the weekend morning anchor.. She now co-anchors the 6:00 a.m. and 9:00 a.m. newscasts on.
Tom Llamas, the weekend anchor of ABC's World News Tonight, has dramatically quit the network to move to rival NBC. Llamas, 41, is being lined up for a wide-ranging role across NBC News that. Allison Rosati is an American award-winning Anchor working at NBC 5 News since she joined the team in August 1990. She is the 5 p.m., 6 p.m. and 10 p.m. newscast co-anchor. Allison Rosati Education. Rosati attended Gustavus Adolphus College where she studied speech and communications and graduated cum laude in 1985. Gustavus has honored her with its First Decade Award and its Distinguished. . This is the flagship nightly news program on NBC Thalia Hayden anchors NBC's Palm Springs Today from 5-7am, Mon-Fri. With 20 years in television news, Thalia is a veteran journalist on a mission to help American's get healthy. She's the station's health reporter. She frequently volunteers her time to emcee events, moderate panel discussions, sit on panels and speak in front of crowds on  Anchor. Joe Smith. Mail; A two-time Emmy. Top Television News Anchors Who Identify as LGBTQ. From QueerBio.com. Jump to: navigation, search. Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer television newscasters have a prominent profile in many countries around the world. As the face of daily newscasts and commentaries, they play a role in conveying integrity, reliability, diversity, and comfort in a tumultuous world of news and events.
Live: NBC 5 NBC 5 News summer weather 21 hours ago A Drop in Humidity, But Still Hot Greg Abbott 1 hour ago Abbott Announces Details About Building Texas' Border Wall Joe Biden 3 hours ago Biden. Jun 18, 2012 - Photos with links back to the bios and author pages of ABC News correspondents. . See more ideas about abc news anchors, abc news, news anchor
former NBC News correspondent and anchor Bob Kur, Fox News Channel correspondent and anchor Brian . All the latest news from television's market 7, Boston! . Reid, who worked in Boston years ago, recently spent several years at WUSA-TV in Washington, DC. . she was promoted to the anchor the station's weekend morning shows. . 21 Sep 2009 . These anchors at Channel 4 News in Washington D.C. NBC 6 will welcome two new faces to the morning anchor team Monday, with South Florida native Kris Anderson and South Florida veteran Constance Jones returning home to join the newsroom Here is a list of NBC evening news network anchors/commentators: NBC Television Newsreel (Paul Alley, off-camera commentator) February 1948 — February 1949 (Video from Brian Williams... John Cameron Swayze (on-camera) Camel News Caravan February 1949 — October 1956 Chet Huntley and David.
Lester Holt of NBC comes in as the most trusted name in all of television news, with 32 percent of respondents saying that they trust him a lot. Holt took over the role of lead anchor for NBC Nightly News after Brian Williams left the spot open, and since then, he has been steadily rising in the ranks as one of NBC's biggest stars If it's breaking news, it's on NBC Right Now! NBC Right Now is proud to say that we are locally owned and operated. A locally owned TV station is a rarity in today's world of consolidation. Jacqueline London is an Emmy winning news anchor for the Philadelphia based news network NBC 10. Not only is Jacqueline comfortable in front of the camera as an anchor and a host, but she also has experience behind the camera writing and producing. Both sets of talents have earned her multiple Emmy awards How Female Anchors Really Feel About The Unspoken Dress Code For Women In TV News CBS Morning Show, The Today Show (NBC), The Today Show (NBC), Good Morning America (ABC) By Corynne Cirill It's not every news anchor who has a section on controversies that takes up half of their Wikipedia page.But Nancy Grace is not every news anchor. She once reported on true crime and according to the New York Times, she had a bit of a problem of assuming absolutely everyone was guilty.She races toward judgment, heedlessly ignoring nuance and evidence on her way to finding guilt
Peter Alexander Wife. Alexander is married to his wife Alison Starling. Alison is a television news anchor and journalist. She works as a co-anchor of WJLA-TV's weekday 4 PM, 5 PM and 11 PM newscasts. Alexander and Alison got met in 2001 nad they got engaged in August 2011, in France. The couple eventually tied the knot on Saturday, April 21. Brigham worked for NBC Sports in Europe and California. He also was a sports ancho Craig Smullin. NBC5 News Director Craig Smullin co-anchors NBC5 News at 6 and hosts the 5 on 5 Feature Interview on NBC5 News at 5. A native of the San Francisco Bay Area, Craig graduated from Cal Poly in S...read more. View Craig Smullin's bio. Grace Smith. Grace Smith is co-anchor for NBC5 News at 6. The. Natalie Morales is the news anchor and Third Hour co-anchor on NBC News' Today Show. She also appears on other programs, such as Dateline NBC and NBC Nightly News. As a weekend anchor and reporter at WVIT-TV in Hartford, Connecticut, Morales reported on the Columbine shootings, Hurricane Floyd, the 2000 Presidential election, and the 9/11 attacks. After swiftly moving up the ranks, she. News Anchor NBC 15 WPMI-TV Apr 2007 - Present 13 years 11 months. Mobile, Alabama News Anchor WHNT News 19 Apr 1996 - Apr 2007 11 years 1 month. Former NBC News anchor John Palmer died Saturday at age 77 after a brief illness, NBC stated in a press release. Wife Nancy Palmer told the Associated Press that he died from pulmonary fibrosis at George Washington University Hospital. The Tennessee native worked for the news organization over the course of 40 years until his retirement in 2002
Martha MacCallum worked with NBC news for 7 years before she joined Fox News in 2004. Katie Pavlich. Katie Pavlich is not only known for her bold avatar but also enjoys a huge popularity for her fearless opinion. She has a strong command on a number of topics which makes her a dominant journalist. Not only she had been associated with anchoring and hosting but had also written many worthy. ., and began covering the White House for the network in 2011. She was named co-anchor of Weekend Today.
NBC Nightly News anchor ___ Holt Answers. Welcome to our website for all NBC Nightly News anchor ___ Holt Answers. Since you are already here then chances are that you are looking for the Daily Themed Crossword Solutions. Look no further because you will find whatever you are looking for in here. Our staff has managed to solve all the game. But Williams's term at the helm of NBC Nightly News — even if it ended tomorrow — has lasted longer than the average for an anchor at NBC. The average tenure of NBC anchors before. Aaron Gilchrist signed off his last newscast Wednesday morning on NBC4: Make every day great, everybody. Gilchrist is leaving the station he's called home for nearly 11 years to join NBC News Legendary 1960s, 1970s news anchor passes away at 93. Roger Mudd, the longtime political correspondent and anchor for NBC and CBS who once stumped Sen. Edward Kennedy by simply asking why he wanted to be president, has died. He was 93. CBS News says Mudd died Tuesday of complications of kidney failure at his home in McLean, Virginia The 5 most handsome Black male news anchors. By R. Hawkins | August 13, 2017 | 1. Craig Melvin/Facebook. Craig Melvin. Is a journalist and news anchor working for NBC News and MSNBC. Currently, he.
Detroit, Michigan's Local 4 News, headlines, weather, and sports on ClickOnDetroit.com. The latest local Detroit news online from NBC TV's local affiliate in Detroit, Michigan, WDIV - Detroit's. Veteran TV anchor Tom Brokaw, a fixture at NBC News for 55 years, is retiring from the network today. Brokaw, 80, has made only a few on-air appearances on NBC and its cable news channel MSNBC in. Check NBC Connecticut's list of events to see the numerous celebrations taking place across the state: Friday, June 18 Norwich: 32nd Annual Ju... covid-19 hospitalizations 7 hours ag The List: 32 Lies and Disputed Stories NBC News Let Brian Williams Tell For a Decade. How in the world did NBC News let its biggest star and face of its division run around America for more than ten years telling stolen valor lies, lie-lies, whoppers, white lies, exaggerations, and — if you want to be charitable — embellishments. Brian.

Baby Hats / Hospital Hats
This hat has been made and finished in the cleanest environment possible. It is clean and ready to put on your newborn right after birth. If you would still prefer to wash it you can hand wash it with mild soap, reshape and hang to dry. Or you can machine wash in a mesh laundry bag for delicates on a delicate cycle. Wash with like colors and use warm water and gentle soap. Reshape and hang to dry.
Hand washing is always best for handmade. Wash with mild soap using warm water. Avoid scrubbing. Place on a towel and gently roll up, squeezing excess water from the hat. Reshape and lay on a flat towel to dry. Turn in a few hours to dry other side.
Hand wash with mild soap and warm water and hang to dry to minimize shrinking. Or, machine wash on delicate cycle using warm water and gentle soap. Hang to dry or tumble dry with very low heat.

Download Full Text (11.8 MB)
Card with portrait of Gen. Patrick Ronryne Cleburne, CSA, plus career information on reverse. Card #4 of a set of 50. 9.
Justice Frank J. and Virginia Williams
Approximate Creation Date
3 1/2 X 2 1/2 inches
Materials and Techniques Display
Cleburne, Patrick Ronayne, 1828-1864
[Physical ID#]: [Title], Frank and Virginia Williams Collection of Lincolniana, Mississippi State University Libraries.
Copyright protected by Mississippi State University Libraries. Use of materials from this collection beyond the exceptions provided for in the Fair Use and Educational Use clauses of the U.S. Copyright Law may violate federal law. Permission to publish or reproduce is required.
Frank and Virginia Williams Collection of Lincolniana (Mississippi State, Mississippi, United States)
Mississippi State University Libraries
Mississippi State University Libraries (electronic version).
For more information about the contents of this collection, email firstname.lastname@example.org.

A value-creating enterprise, working to strengthen
the competitiveness of businesses and society at large.
One Growth. One Future.
함께하는 성장. 함께하는 미래.
Over the years, BSG has made a point of sharing its corporate slogan internally and also with the outside world as a way of highlighting its management philosophy as it evolves in response to the changing needs of our times. Rooted in the company's sense of inherent business identity, the earliest version emphasized “Value-centered Business Management,” before transitioning to "Shaping a Successful Future by Achieving Win-Win of Shared Growth with Our Clients" followed by "One Growth, One Future", reflecting the company’s renewed commitment to become an up-standing and trustworthy company that is well grounded between its own interests and the interests of its customers.
Spearheading efforts to strength competitiveness by:
Improving the information infrastructure of businesses, which are the cornerstone of national competitiveness;
"Partnering" in a company's growth;
Developing new services that deliver genuine value to clients;
Seeking more than self-serving profits - creating broader social value by spearheading corporate sector growth.

By Marilou Blaine
Cookbook lovers, a new Walpolean and at least one person who confesses to not liking to cook took part in the first Cookbook Challenge at the Bridge Memorial Library on June 28. Nine participants tasted dishes made with artichokes, arugula, avocados, Brussel sprouts, leeks, radishes, Yukon gold potatoes and lots of the traditional summer vegetables.
The Challenge was the idea of Librarian Justine Rogers who said that the Challenge “was popular all over the country.” She noted that only one other library in New Hampshire was also having a “Challenge.”
It works like this. The librarian chooses the cookbook. It’s usually not one just hot off the press because Rogers has to garner eight cookbooks to share and most libraries wouldn’t be willing to give up a brand new edition. The library gets the eight cookbooks through Library Loan program.
Interested library members borrow the book for a few days and decide on a recipe they’d like to make and sign up for the Challenge. Then they share their dish with others who have signed up on the last Tuesday of the month.
Jean Kobeski chose her recipe because she loves Brussel sprouts. Kobeski, a former teacher, says “she loves to cook.” She incorporates cooking into many of her lessons. And this year, she volunteered in the Walpole Primary School, helping those youngsters with a cooking project.
Lil DeCoste chose Tian of Squash, Zucchini, Tomato, and Basil because it was easy. She’s the non cook (although you’d never know it by tasting her dish) and was there to meet new people. Tian refers to the shallow type of earthenware dish in which the vegetables are baked.
Diane Golding figured arugula would be at its peak in her garden at the end of June so she signed up to make Wilted Arugula with Raisins and Capers.
The first Cookbook Challenge was “The Broad Fork” written by Hugh Acheson. It was published last spring by Clarkson Potter/Publishers. It’s basically a vegetarian cookbook with a Southern bent that’s arranged according to the four growing seasons. There are meat and fish dishes but it’s the vegetables that star in the recipes.
Next month’s Challenge is a Ruth Reichl’s cookbook, “The Kitchen Year.” Ruth Reichl (pronounced RYE-shil) is a chef, food writer, co-producer of PBS’s “Gourmet’s Diary of a Foodie,” culinary editor for the Modern Library, host of PBS’s “Gourmet Adventures with Ruth” and the last editor-in-chief of the now shuttered Gourmet magazine.
Wilted Arugula with Raisins & Capers
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
Fine sea salt
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest
1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 pound arugula, stemmed
2 tablespoons raisins, coarsely chopped
2 tablespoons capers, coarsely chopped
In a large, wide-bottomed pot, combine 2 tablespoons of water with the butter and a few pinches of fine sea salt. Place the pot over medium-high heat, and add the lemon zest and juice. Whisk it all together; the butter will melt and emulsify into the water. Remove the pan from the heat and add the arugula.
Quickly stir it in and gently wilt it. The idea is to cook it but not destroy it; if you need more heat, return the pot to medium-low and stir the greens until they are tender.
Transfer the wilted arugula to a serving platter and top with the raisins and capers. Serves 4 as a side.
1 globe eggplant
1/2 teaspoon ascorbic acid or freshly squeezed lemon juice
8 tablespoons olive oil
1 large yellow summer squash, cut into 1/4 inch thick rounds
1 large zucchini, cut into 1/4 inch thick rounds
1 red bell pepper, diced
1 yellow bell pepper, diced
2 garlic cloves, minced
2 large tomatoes
1 cup chopped pickled green tomatoes or dill pickles
1 cup torn fresh basil leaves
Fine sea salt
Fresh ground black pepper
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Cut the eggplant into 1/2 inch cubes and place them in a large bowl. Cover with cold water, add the ascorbic acid, and stir well. Let it sit for 10 minutes. Then drain the eggplant and pat it dry with paper towels to blot up as much of the water as possible.
Find the largest sauté pan in your arsenal and place it over medium-high heat. Add 4 tablespoons of the olive oil, and when the oil is shimmery hot, fry the eggplant, in batches, being wary of overcrowding the pan. Cook for about 2 minutes a side, until the eggplant is golden and just about cooked through. As the batch finishes, use a slotted spoon to transfer the eggplant to a plate lined with paper towels. When all the eggplant is cooked, discard the oil that you just worked with and clean out the pan because we’ll be using it later.
In a mixing bowl, toss the sliced squash and zucchini with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and fine sea salt to taste. Place them on a large baking sheet and roast in the hot oven for 5 minutes, until just tender.
Remove from the oven and set aside, still on the baking sheet, too cool.
Take the cleaned sauté pan and place it over medium-high heat. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil, and when the oil is hot, add the peppers to the pan. Cook for 10 minutes or until tender. Then add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes, until aromatic. Add the eggplant, squash, and zucchini. Lower the heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes to bring the flavors together.
Cut the tomatoes in half and grate them into a bowl using a box grater. Discard the tomato skins. Pour the grated tomato into the pan of vegetables and simmer for 5 minutes. Then add the chopped pickled green tomatoes and fine sea salt to taste. Stir to combine, and finish with the torn basil leaves and black pepper to taste. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Serves 6 to 8 as a side or a light entrée with some bread and wine.
Toasted Rye with Boiled Eggs, Celery Remoulade, & Brussel Sprouts
2 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon distilled white vinegar
1 cup of Brussels sprouts, each cut into 8 wedges
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 slices Rye bread
1 tablespoon salted butter
1/4 cup celery remoulade (recipe follows)
Place the eggs in a small pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over high heat, add 1/2 teaspoon of kosher salt and the vinegar, and then reduce the heat to medium-low. Simmer for 1 minute. Remove the pot from the heat, cover it, and let the eggs sit in the hot water for 12 minutes. Then run the eggs under cold water, peel, and reserve.
Warm a medium skillet over medium-high heat, and then add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the Brussels sprouts and cook for 3 minutes, or until they take on a nice caramelize color, a hue that looks yummy. Stir the sprouts around and season with kosher salt to taste. Remove from the heat and set aside.
Toast the bread, and butter each slice. Place a dollop of remoulade on each plate, just off-center. Slice the boiled eggs in an egg slicer. Place a piece of toast on each plate, somewhat covering the remoulade, and arrange the egg slices on the toast. Place another dollop of remoulade over the eggs, and pile on the Brussels sprouts. Eat. Serves 2.
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 teaspoon whole-grain mustard
1 teaspoon cider vinegar
1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
Pinch of cayenne pepper
2 teaspoons drained tiny capers, chopped
2 tablespoons finely minced celery
1 tablespoon finely minced fresh dill
Kosher salt, to taste
Freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl and stir well. It keeps, refrigerated, for 5 days. Makes 3/4 cup.
Tian of Squash, Zucchini, Tomato & Basil
3 salt-packed anchovy fillets, rinsed and chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves
1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves
1/4 cup +1 teaspoon olive oil
Freshly ground black pepper
2 small yellow crookneck squash and one zucchini
4 Roma tomatoes
12 fresh basil leaves
2 tablespoons fresh breadcrumbs
Preheat oven to 375°F.
In a small bowl, combine the anchovies, garlic, parsley, thyme, the 1/4 cup of olive oil, kosher salt and black pepper to your liking. Mix well and set aside.
Slice the squash and zucchini into 1/4 inch thick rounds, discarding the ends. Set aside. Slice the tomatoes into 1/4 inch thick slices and lay them flat on a cutting board. Sprinkle some kosher salt over the tomatoes and let them sit for 5 minutes then take a piece of paper towel and dab the moisture off the tomatoes.
Lightly oil a shallow sided 7 or 8 inch round earthenware or ceramic baking dish with the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil. Arrange one layer of tomatoes in the dish, starting in the center and working outward in circles. Repeat the process with the zucchini, and then the squash, seasoning each layer with a little salt. When the vegetables are all arranged, tuck the basil in, one leaf at a time. Spoon the olive oil mixture over the vegetables. Bake in the oven for 30 minutes, or until vegetables are tender.
Remove the dish from the oven and set the oven to broil. Scatter the breadcrumbs on top of the Tian and broil for 4 minutes, until the breadcrumbs have browned nicely. Remove from the oven and serve hot or at room temperature.
Serves 4 as a side.

Equipped with keen intelligence and a big heart, lawyer Jeffery Robinson educates and challenges in equal measure, giving voice to the silenced and seeking acceptance of racist realities in pursuit of lasting change.
Screened as part of NZIFF 2021
|Nov 27|| |
|Dec 05|| |
“Who controls the past controls the future: who controls the present controls the past.” — George Orwell, 1984
Based on former ACLU Deputy Legal Director Jeffery Robinson’s illuminating lecture on the history of US anti-Black racism, Emily and Sarah Kunstler’s Who We Are builds upon the framework of his talk with a compelling blend of archival imagery, personal anecdotes (Memphian Robinson was 11 years old when Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated and was one of the first Black students at an integrated school), plus interviews with key figures from recent watershed US race relations moments.
Robinson delivers a damning account of slavery and racism in the US, aiming to help break the country’s repeating cycle of ‘two steps forward, three steps back’. The quote from George Orwell’s 1984 above speaks to false narratives that Robinson, and the film, seek to redress: the country was not founded on principles of freedom for all, rather white supremacy is enshrined in the very laws of the land. Who We Are intentionally platformsvoices who’ve known direct loss due to racism (on a personal or community scale), such as Eric Garner’s mother and a 106-year-old survivor of the 1921 Tulsa Massacre. Robinson’s open and well-reasoned approach belies a simmering anger and deep sadness within, which can’t help but seep out, lending a moving urgency to the film and its theses. — Jacob Powell

Every week Lisa works me really hard and every week I go back for more! Simply the best motivational PT I've ever had, with the best end results designed for the individual.
Sharon, Sutton Coldfield
Can't Recommend this lovely lady enough, if anybody on my friends list is interested in a PT session, she really knows her stuff, full of positivity and energy and will work with you to help you reach your goals.
Tracey, Little Aston
Lisa always gets me motivated. I can't say I'm a fan of exercise but I always enjoy my sessions with Lisa every session is different and I feel great afterwards.
Been with me since day 1.
Dominic, Four Oaks
Knowing exactly how to target different areas properly is always a challenge. I do a workout programme that Lisa has developed for me and I can adapt this to workout from home with her guidance.
If I don’t get the form right, she will explain the different muscle groups and how best to develop them. She is always giving me new exercises for new areas, to help me push myself further.
Helen, Sutton Coldfield
I have always had exceptional difficulty sticking to a physical fitness programme and knew that I needed someone to work with me on my goals. Despite joining gyms previously, this always made me feel self-conscious and uncomfortable, irrespective of results achieved.
With Lisa it is such a different experience - she works hard to personalise the programme and always provides me with excellent support as I try to achieve my goals. The lessons are fun and varied, and as such she helps to keep me focused. I wouldn’t be without her.
You look fab! Actually perfect Lisa. Sometimes PT's can look intimidating or vain like "hey you can look as good as me!" but you look warm, friendly and FIT. Perfect....
… “Exercise is so important at this time, It’s therapy, mental and physical! Well done Lisa for keeping people smiling!”
Joanne, Three Days a Week Training
When I started with Lisa my priority was to lose weight; in MY mind that was the most important thing surely, why else do it? However, after a week or two my priorities shifted, I was no longer jumping on the scales to see how much weight I had lost; training with Lisa became much more than that. I can honestly say that the days I train are the days I have more energy and tick off more tasks on my to do list, but more importantly I feel good, I feel happy and the anxiety that often accompanies the menopause has lifted. My strength has improved and I am actually starting to feel more toned and happier with my body.
I've been training with Lisa for several months now and she is professional, knowledgeable and passionate; she knows when to push me that little bit further and will often go the extra mile to show me correct techniques and explain the reasons why.
She has equipped me with the confidence and knowledge to take my training further and I've loved every single session I've had with her.
I have no hesitation in recommending Lisa, go for it - you'll come out of it a stronger person both in mind and body.

There are many reasons why Colts fans love Andrew Luck. One of those reasons is that, while other NFL players are getting in trouble, Luck would rather just read books. As a result of that passion for reading, Luck has launched the Andrew Luck Book Club today.
The site has launched, as well as a twitter account, and it is described as "a forum for a book-reading community to grow through the love of reading." Luck will periodically give recommendations for books in two categories: "Rookies" (books he enjoyed reading as a kid) and "Veterans" (books for more seasoned readers). The plan is for the book recommendations to follow the NFL schedule, including offseason, mini-camp, summer training, pre-season, and then the season itself. During the season, Luck will have guest athletes fill in while he focuses more on football. Through social media and even through live Q&As with Luck on the website, it will be an opportunity for people to discuss books that they are reading and enjoy. To kick off the website, Luck began with a book recommendation in each category: For rookies, Maniac MaGee by Jerry Spinelli, and for veterans, The Boys in the Boat by Daniel James Brown.
"I often get recognized by my teammates and the media for my passion for reading," Luck said, as described on the website. "And it's no secret that I enjoy sharing suggestions for books with my teammates, family and friends. So starting this online book club felt like a natural and really fun opportunity. AndrewLuckBookClub.com will be a platform for me to share my love of reading with an even larger audience. By using #ALBookClub on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, let's build a community of readers."
It's a cool venture by Luck to help spread a focus on something he is passionate about and one of his hobbies. This is the closest we've come to seeing him active on social media as well, so it's a bit of a new step for the quarterback. We know that there's no questioning his commitment to football and to winning, so seeing him launch the Andrew Luck Book Club is a cool idea and something we'll be paying attention to.

You are your own creation... shine bright!
- This figure competition suit features rays of light yellow to dark blue AB crystals between lines of clear and jet black crystals.
- Fully custom made based on info and measurements we will request after you purchase the suit. We will also ask for your choice of top connectors and preferred coverage level for the suit bottoms.
- This figure suit also includes: Molded cup suit top; decorated strap; and fully lined suit bottoms.
- No hidden costs! Price includes: free shipping option (worldwide), extra removable padding and your choice of connectors. Also, no extra cost for larger cup sizes.

"Stackhouse Tree" Youth Short Sleeve T-Shirt
Designed and illustrated by Shayna Blackford
Trees, trees, and more trees--no doubt one of the park's greatest amenities! This shirt pays homage to the beautiful trees within the park.
This is the tee that's bound to become a favorite in any youngster's wardrobe. It's light, soft, and comes with a unique design that stands out from the crowd wherever you go!
- 100% soft jersey cotton
- Relaxed unisex fit

By Ron Howells • 03 April 2021 • 7:06
Argentine President Tests Positive For Coronavirus Two Months After Receiving The Vaccine. image: Wikimedia
Argentine President Alberto Fernández Tests Positive For Coronavirus Two Months After Receiving The Vaccine.
Argentine President Alberto Fernandez has tested positive for a new strain of the coronavirus, is waiting for the result to be confirmed and is in good spirits despite having a slight fever, the first-term Peronist leader tweeted on Saturday, April 3. “I am in good physical condition,” the president, who turned 62 on Friday, April 2, said in a tweet. He had received Russia’s Sputnik V vaccine against the coronavirus early this year.
Fernández is now in isolation and has had to suspend a meeting that he had scheduled for this Saturday with the head of the Government of Buenos Aires, Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. The meeting aimed to agree on new prevention measures to stop the escalation of coronavirus cases.
“Although we are awaiting confirmation through the PCR test, I am already isolated, complying with the current protocol and following the instructions of my personal doctor. I have contacted the people with whom I was meeting in the last 48 hours to evaluate if they constitute a close contact so that they do the isolation, ”the president wrote. “For everyone’s information I am physically well and, although I would have liked to end my birthday without this news, I am also in good spirits,” he said.
In January, the vaccines were arriving by parachute drop-offs in Argentina at a time when the Russian Sputnik V had barely obtained authorisation to be used for those over 60 years of age.
The official strategy was to promote the Russian vaccine among public opinion when the political opposition was promoting in the press the idea that it was dangerous because it had not yet been approved in the United States or across Europe.
Argentina has already now started it’s second wave, with 14,000 infected this Friday and a peak of 16,000 on Wednesday. Three weeks ago, the daily infection rates barely exceeded 6,000. In the last 14 days, the number of positive cases has grown by 71%, reaching 2.3 million people.
The country has received 6.7 million vaccine doses so far, of which it has administered more than 4 million- just 7.6% of the population already has one dose, and only 1.5% both doses.
Share this story
Subscribe to our Euro Weekly News alerts to get the latest stories into your inbox!
By signing up, you will create a Euro Weekly News account if you don’t already have one. Review our
Ron actually started his working career as an Ophthalmic Technician- things changed when, during a band rehearsal, his amplifier blew up and he couldn’t get it fixed so he took a course at Birmingham University and ended up doing a degree course. He built up a chain of electronics stores and sold them as a franchise over 35 years ago. After five years touring the world Ron decided to move to Spain with his wife and son, a place they had visited over the years, and only bought the villa they live in because it has a guitar-shaped swimming pool!.
Playing the guitar since the age of 7, he can often be seen, (and heard!) at beach bars and clubs along the length of the coast. He has always been interested in the news and constantly thrives to present his articles in an interesting and engaging way.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Downlaod our media pack in either English or Spanish.

Storytellers want to have their cake and eat it too, even if the cake is absolute perfection, and the eating is relatable flaws. The inevitable result of trying to have it both ways is a character that defies human nature. These characters have traits that are so unrealistic, the audience starts thinking about the author’s intention rather than the story at hand.
Since all storytellers face similar dilemmas, unrealistic character traits come in a number of distinct flavors. Here are five.
Edward Cullen is over 100 years old when Twilight begins, yet according to author Stephenie Meyers, he never kissed a girl before Bella. That’s right, we’re talking about 85 years as a 17 year old boy, and NO KISSING. Why? Because he’s not a normal being, he was specially crafted by God for Bella and only Bella. Totally realistic, that. Just to add a cherry to the top, he is also a vampire that doesn’t drink human blood. Anne Rice, you have done horrible damage to vampires everywhere.
It’s easy to find unexplained chastity in romances, but this trait goes beyond the romance genre. Brandon Sanderson’s Mistborn Trilogy stars a virginal protagonist, Vin, who has spent her life in poverty, and works in a crew of male thieves. In the beginning, he painstakingly explains why she has not been raped. That’s fine, not everyone wants to deal with dark topics like that. But he doesn’t explain why she hasn’t had consensual sex yet. She has struggled just to eat, and the right romantic partner could get her food, safety, and shelter. Add simple pleasure to that, and it’s unlikely she’d still have her cherry.
There are a lot of conservative writers who don’t want romantically involved protagonists to get it on before they are married. That’s okay, but don’t dismiss their biological compulsions. If you don’t want your characters to have sex, either don’t leave them alone together, or provide a compelling reason why they resist temptation.
To give conservatives a break, I should also say there are instances where sex is not realistic. I’ve read several books that involve mutual lust between siblings. Social taboo isn’t the only reason sibling incest isn’t common; nature doesn’t like it either. Two children of similar ages that grow up together are unlikely to be interested in each other. This is still true if they are not genetically related.
Update 4/3/15: I have written a comment in response to concerns that this section marginalizes asexuals or
other various lifestyle choices. Read my comment.
Drizzt Do’Urden, from the Forgotten Realms D&D setting, is an example of many of the traits on this list, but none is more obvious than how out of place he is among the Drow. He is raised in a society where cruelty is glorified and orgies are common events, yet he somehow decides he shouldn’t kill the innocent or have sex with women he doesn’t know well.
Storytellers want heroes to stand out from normal people. An easy way to do this is to set your story in a culture you consider inferior in some ways, and then have your hero see past it. But this tactic can come off as cheap and contrived. It’s impossible not to see the hand of the author at work when a hero embodies a different culture than the one they are raised in. When the hero uses their outside perspective to solve problems, it doesn’t seem as enlightened or clever as it should, because it’s obvious to the audience.
At worst, cultural anomalies can also be used to express racism. Just replace the Drow with a real group of people, or a race that is reminiscent of a real group.
If you want your character to have different values than the people around her, she also needs to have different experiences. Give her a dissident mentor, an unusual background, or a defining moment that shows her what’s wrong with society.
In Snow White and the Huntsman, Snow White is locked in a room from childhood until sometime after adolescence. Then she escapes, learns to fight, and leads an army to take the kingdom back. It isn’t explained why being locked in a small prison for her formative years had no effect on her mental health, physical health, social skills, or dental hygiene. Except for a inclination toward terrible speeches, she comes out unscathed.
Backstories with extreme hardship are attractive, but storytellers that include them need to acknowledge the permanent effect they have on the character’s personality. That effect is generally not good – a real Harry Potter could suffer from depression and anxiety, or exhibit violent behavior. He might think his role in life is to be a doormat, and surround himself with other people that abuse him. Or he might abuse others.
Serial stories like TV shows also have a habit of neglecting the long term impact of tough times. Star Trek is particularly notorious for torturing a character in one episode, and then never mentioning it again, as though no recovery period was needed.
Characters can overcome and move past previous tragedies, but the audience needs to see them struggle with their demons. To do less is to dismiss the harm inflicted on real people in similar situations.
Tristan is a naive and socially awkward boy at the start of the Stardust movie. He has perhaps a day of training on a flying pirate ship. Then he’s suddenly suave, good with a sword, and able to one-up his devious opponents.
It’s common in a lot of movies. Good storytellers start the protagonist with humbling spinach, and then make him more awesome until he defeats the villain, is crowned king, and lives on in the legends of his people. But what if your story takes place in a matter of days? You’ll need a montage, because real people don’t grow and learn that fast.
It is possible to make a character rapidly gain new skills, but it’s tricky. The Matrix is one of the few good examples of this happening. That’s because there’s a scifi explanation for how characters gain new skills quickly. They have the technology to simply download the knowledge they need into their minds. Even so, Neo still isn’t there — he gets his ass kicked by Morpheus in their first fight. What he needs to get ahead isn’t something that takes study and practice, just a change in mindset. An event that would have a strong impact on anyone gives that to him.
Try something similar if you need to level up your protagonist in a short time period. It doesn’t have to something like “there is no spoon.” It can instead be “trust in yourself” or “think ahead.” Clearly demonstrate why that particular weakness is holding him back, and then create a scene that realistically teaches him that vital lesson.
In The Dark Crystal, Jen was raised and educated by wise mystics. They knew the secrets of their world, and predicted the quest he would have to embark on. Somehow despite that, the only useful thing he learns from them is how to read. He goes off on his journey completely ignorant about any of the animals, plants, peoples, or places around him. Imagine if you stepped out your door and became frightened by a squirrel.
Spec fic storytellers are always struggling to find ways to explain their world without resorting to exposition. Having an ignorant protagonist allows the storyteller to explain through that character. But unless this protagonist has just been imported from another dimension, he should already know quite a bit about the world he’s living in. Even if he’s lived a secluded life and hasn’t seen much in person, word gets around.
Few things that are either prevalent or have a strong influence on the world would be unknown to anyone dwelling outside of a breadbox. If you want it to be unheard of, you’ll need to justify it. Alternately, you can give your character commonly held misconceptions or false rumors, and have her learn the truth along the way.
The easiest way to avoid unrealistic behavior is to research how real people behave in similar situations. If real people who are locked in a basement through adolescence end up with serious problems, so would your dungeon-confined character. Not that your character should be like everyone else; you want him to be distinctive. But the bigger the gap between his traits and normal behavior, the more convincing your explanation must be.
Mythcreants relies on the support of readers like you. Help us create quality content by becoming a patron today.

****SOLD OUT FROM HERE BUT STILL AVAILABLE VIA HELICOPTER****
Debuting in 1988 as a self-released 8xCassette boxset. Chapter Eleven collects the solo recordings (1976 - 1987) from one of the earliest members of the US Industrial Noise scene, coalescing a wide swath of influences and culling experimental techniques into inventive new terrain. Carefully remastered from the original tapes, this deluxe reissue is a long-awaited rescue from obscurity.
"Turman seemed to have taken over where the last of the great synth based kraut artists left off in the 70's, infusing the spiritual meditation music with his own brand of loop hypnosis, slowly moving drones, industrial patterns, guitar fuzz, and even some in-your-face 80's style synth work" - IMPOSE Magazine
4xCD's - Over 4 hours of music.
Remastered by John Wiese.
Co-Released by Hanson Records and Helicopter.
Includes unlimited streaming of Chapter Eleven (1976 - 1987)
via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more.

If you are still doing your Christmas shopping, here is great idea for an unusual Christmas present, especially if you know someone who is vegan or allergic to dairy. In fact, this is just a great idea in general. These are some of the most unusual flavoured truffles you will find anywhere and they are packed full of hand-prepared superfoods making sure that you can stay healthy and have a nice treat.
These cashew truffles are hand made in Wiesbaden by Deliciense, a small specialist store. They do home delivery in case you don’t want to make the trip to Wiesbaden, but it is really worth going and picking a selection for yourself.
A lot of care and thought has gone into the truffles, not just in taste but also visual design. All the truffles are made from a base of cashews, maple syrup and cocoa butter, and are then supplemented normal by up to three other main ingredients. Some of the more exotic mixtures include ‘Mango and Sweet Curry’ or ‘Kumquat, Olive oil and Pistachio’. I had a box of 16 different truffles and by far the best were the tea selection. Each had a mixture of herbs and a type of tea (Earl Grey or Pu’er for example). Take a look at the website for more of the selection.
It’s interesting hearing from the creator, Mohini, who was inspired to create these mixtures of herbs and exotic flavours after experiencing the street foods in India and then by learning to cook in a restaurant in Kolkata. Due to the high percentage of vegetarians in India and the high temperatures, she began making truffles without dairy or animal produce.
Once you know the background to the idea, you will really begin to see the connection to South Asia with the flavours used. Given the high quality ingredients, it’s no surprise that the prices are a little high. For a box of 16, it is about €30 depending on the selection, and postage another €15.

waterproof electric scooter
for adults Mainbon's effective marketing is the engine that drives our products' development. In an increasingly competitive marketplace, our marketing staff constantly keep up with the time, giving feedback on the updated information from the market dynamics. Thus, we have been improving these products to meet the customers' needs. Our products feature high cost-performance ratio and bring many benefits to our customers.
Mainbon waterproof electric scooter for adults Mainbon Group Company Limited. always implement a high standard material screening process for waterproof electric scooter for adults. We conduct a rigorous screening process for the raw materials to ensure their long-lasting performance. On top of that, we choose to work only with the best suppliers at home and abroad who can serve us with reliability.stand up scooter for adults,motorized stand up scooter,3 wheel electric stand up scooter.

10000 sign-on bonus available for qualified candidates!
Relocation Assistance available!
Do you have the career opportunities you want in your current role? We have an exciting opportunity for you to join the nation's largest provider of healthcare services as an ER Clinical Nurse Coordinator.
At Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, we want to ensure your needs are met. We offer a variety of comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans along with some unique benefits including:
- Tuition Reimbursement/Assistance Programs
- Student Loan Forgiveness
- Paid Personal Leave
- 401k (100% annual match – 3%-9% of pay based on years of service)
- Identity Theft Protection discounts
- Auto, Home, and Life Insurance options
- Fertility and Family Building Benefits
- Adoption Assistance
- Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)
- Free Onsite Parking
Would you like to unlock your potential with a leading healthcare provider dedicated to the growth and development of our colleagues? Join the Memorial Hospital family here in Jacksonville, Florida! We will provide you the tools and resources you need to succeed in our organization. We are currently looking for an ambitious Registered Nurse to help us reach our goals. Unlock your potential here!
As a Clinical Nurse Coordinator (formally Charge Nurse) in our Level II Trauma Emergency Room, you will be responsible for assessing, evaluating, planning, implementing, and coordinating a treatment plan and achieving the goals of the nursing department. You serve as a key position of the interdependent team, and hold responsibility for achieving positive patient and departmental outcomes.
What you will do in this role:
- Assumes responsibility for direction and coordination of all functions during the designated shift.
- Functions as a resource person for staff member and assists in necessary education of individual members of the nursing staff.
- Assumes responsibility for the overall quality of nursing care provided when s/he is on duty.
- Makes decisions regarding activities with these areas based on Administrative Operational Standards, Nursing Administrative Standards, Human Resource Standards, and Standards of Care for the unit, in collaboration with other members of the management team.
- Must be a graduate from an accredited school of Nursing: Bachelor's Degree in Nursing or higher is required, or obtained within 3 years of hire
- Must be licensed as a Registered Nurse in the state which you practice and/or hold an active Compact/Multi-State RN license
- A current American Heart Association (AHA) or American Red Cross Basic Life Support (BLS) Health Care Provider is required
- A current American Heart Association (AHA) or American Red Cross Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) Health Care Provider is required
- A current American Heart Association (AHA) or American Red Cross Pediatric Life Support (PALS) is required
- 2 years of clinical practice in the specialty unit required
- Leadership experience preferred
Now celebrating over 50 years of service - Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, a facility of HCA Healthcare - South Atlantic Division, has built a strong tradition of providing quality healthcare to Northeast Florida and surrounding areas. Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is a 400+ bed, acute care hospital offering a full line of services, including 24-hour emergency care at four different locations.
- an accredited Chest Pain Center
- Certified Stroke Center
- Dedicated Heart Center
- State of the art Spine Clinic
- Special Beginnings – the Memorial Hospital maternity center
Fully accredited by the Joint Commission of Accreditation (JCA), Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is known as a leader in innovative healthcare with a reputation maintained through our excellent staff, along with technological advances, growth and expansion to meet the ongoing needs of our community.
Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is also a Certified Level II Trauma Center, which means we provide a higher level of care for the most critically injured patients. It also means our standards and performance are regularly reviewed by the Florida Department of Health.
HCA Healthcare, the parent company of Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, has been consecutively named a World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere Institute since 2010. In 2018, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.3 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses.
Be a part of an organization that invests in you. We are actively reviewing applications for our ER Clinical Nurse Coordinator opening. Submit your application and help us raise the bar in patient care!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
HCA Healthcare is a collaborative healthcare network, driven by physicians, nurses and colleagues helping each other champion the practice of medicine to give people a healthier tomorrow. With a comprehensive network of more than 270,000 people across approximately 1,800 care facilities, our scale enables us to deliver great outcomes for our patients, provide superior nursing care and be a preferred place for physicians to practice medicine. We never stop in our pursuit of insights and care advances based on the knowledge and data we gain from approximately 30 million patient encounters a year. Every day, we raise the bar to improve the way healthcare is delivered, not just in our facilities, but everywhere. We’re committed to improving more lives in more ways, and above all else, we are committed to the care and improvement of human life.

Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases and a surge in the number of surgical procedures worldwide will fuel capnography devices market size over the forthcoming years. According to World Health Organization (WHO), cases of chronic disorders like diabetes, cancer, asthma, heart and other diseases is projected to grow by 57% by the year 2020. Capnography equipment are widely adopted for major surgeries to improve patient safety and reduce adverse respiratory event, avoiding deterioration to a more critical or fatal condition. Consistent need to improve the quality of surgical procedures will considerably foster capnography devices industry trends over the forecast timeframe.
U.S. capnography devices market, 2018 & 2025 (USD Million and Units)
Capnography has been recognized as a standard of monitoring patient safety in ICUs, as well as for the surgical patients during anesthesia. A substantial rise in acute respiratory and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases among elderly population will further propel capnography devices industry size. With development of advanced technologies and better scientific understanding of the value of capnography, healthcare providers are able to easily identify potential breathing complications and respond accordingly with a change in clinical management.
Capnography has been shown to be a useful tool in monitoring patients who are suffering from breathing disorders, as it provides an early warning of respiratory depression and prevents people from serious adverse events. Reports suggest that in 2018, the deployment of capnography devices in critical care patients was registered at USD 93.3 million globally. Growing number of people suffering from chronic conditions and increased admission of patients in hospitals will undoubtedly increase the need for patient monitoring, stimulating capnography devices market share.
Earlier in the year, Medtronic had informed about the results of PRODIGY, a multi-center study for identifying people having higher risk of opioid-induced respiratory depression. The tool is expected to help direct early intervention through continued capnography-based monitoring, such as using the Capnostream device of Medtronic. The system could enable hospitals detect potential risks among patients early, demonstrating the importance of close monitoring through novel devices. Such initiatives will certainly outline capnography devices market outlook over the coming years.
Get a Sample Copy of this Report:@ https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/2922
Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of mortality in the United States, followed by chronic respiratory diseases and cancer. According to the American Heart Association, approximately half of the adults in U.S. have cardiovascular diseases. With gradual rise in the volume of patients suffering from cardio-respiratory diseases, there would be a wider utilization of monitoring devices in treatments and during surgeries, proliferating North America capnography industry share.
A notable development in the field of capnography devices was Masimo’s FDA approved Root patient monitoring platform with Capnography. It had been observed that despite the advancement in medical tech, the lack of device integration and communication generates risks for patient safety in hospitals globally. To address these types of challenges, each Root can be used as a connectivity gateway to connect numerous standalone devices like hospital beds, ventilators, and other patient monitors. Reports confirm that in the year 2018, stand-alone capnography devices market size was recorded at USD 117.5 million.
With considerable efforts put in by high-end hospitals and surgical centers towards adopting and innovating safer and reliable patient care products, capnography device industry will exhibit notable growth rate in the next few years. WHO had informed that in 2016, there were nearly 251 million cases of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease all over the world, where most instances were a result of long-term asthma, exposure to tobacco and may other causes. Capnography clearly has a vast application space in the healthcare sector to tackle the prevalence of chronic disorders.
Prominent players including Masimo Corporation, Smiths Medical, CareFusion, Medtronic, and among others have strongly built their R&D capabilities and enhanced manufacturing processes, showcasing strong dominance over the industry. As per a recent research report compiled by Global Market Insights, Inc., capnography devices market size is projected to exceed USD 700 million by 2025.
Author Name : Deeksha Pant

The spike in User Activity can be explained by the important push we’re seeing to diversify MakerDAO’s collateral, so as to improve liquidity and reduce risk. Specifically, the community-approved supply chain invoices and musicians’ future royalty streams https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-26/bitcoin-seen-topping-50-000-long-term-as-it-vies-with-gold as security. These will be represented on the Ethereum blockchain by unique and immutable non-interchangeable tokens. Small businesses and artists can take the borrowed DAI, which usually trades one-to-one with the U.S. dollar, and convert it to cash.
Is Fantom a good investment?
The tech is solid, the marketing is superb and the community is outstanding. This is definitely one of my biggest bags and I’m confident that in the long term, Fantom will come good in terms of ROI and also in terms of bringing solutions to some of the problems that the current blockchain infrastructure faces.
We are dedicated to our customers and thankful for their loyal support for over 45 years. We are old school brick and mortar stores that also are on the crest of all new technologies. Our goal is to make our customers feel at home and recommend us to friends and family. In addition to being engineered for speeding processing and unearthing financial behavioral patterns, the software can also help banks speed the development and delivery of new products and services. Challenges include transforming payment operations buy litecoin online and controlling costs while meeting the processing and settling requirements of global real-time/instants and SWIFT payments schemes. The FTM update comes withing days of IBM announcing the Red Hat Marketplace for accelerating adoption and deployment of Hybrid Cloud environment in diverse industries. IBM Financial Transaction Manager Solutions bring Data&AI and cloud technologies to help banks change the way money moves. The middle layer will provide functionality for tasks like payment and incentivization.
Top 10 Best Trusted And Safe Bitcoin, Crypto, Cryptocurrency Exchanges
However, the recent rally has pushed the RSI deep into overbought territory, increasing the risk of a correction or consolidation. Decentralization is one of the key factors in crypto, and Venus completed the transition on January 15. The protocol will now be community-driven, which is a welcome step in the right direction. The positives of the last few days may have resulted in its https://www.coindesk.com/harvard-yale-brown-endowments-have-been-buying-bitcoin-for-at-least-a-year-sources total value reaching $ 400 million. The Venus Protocol is exclusively on Binance Smart Chain, so it did not suffer from the adverse effects of high gas charges which negatively impacted DeFi projects in early January. This bullish view will be invalidated if the pair breaks below the 20 day EMA. In such a case, the pair could drop to the 50 day simple moving average ($ 1.95).
- The CEO with the ecosystem partners have reported having been working many days past midnight as the crypto industry is a 24/7 industry.
- Technology attracts Steven and through his business acumen has gained financial profits as well as fame in his business niche.
- The team is responsive, and they are connected beyond time zones facilitated by technologies like conference calls, etc.
- Dr. Ahn Byung Ik, CEO of Phantom like several other crypto CEOs, has a dream to expand crypto to everyday usage to improve mass adoption.
- They have team members from across Australia, Europe, Asia, and South Africa.
- Conversely, if the bears push the price down below $ 0.05665, the pair could drop to $ 0.05 and then to $ 0.045.
They have team members from across Australia, Europe, Asia, and South Africa. The team is responsive, and they are connected beyond time zones facilitated by technologies like conference calls, etc. Conversely, if the bears push the price down below $ 0.05665, the pair could drop to $ 0.05 and then to $ 0.045. FTM went from an intraday low at $ 0.0241 on Jan 22 to an intraday high at $ 0.0678 today, a rally of 181% in five days. The bulls had pushed the price above the resistance of $ 0.05665 on January 24 and 25, but could not support the higher levels.
Fantom Foundation (ftm)
Advisors include Steve Bellotti, CEO of Digital Currency Holdings, Eddy Travia, Co-Founder of Coinsilium, and Ran Neu Ner, current CNBC Cryptotrader Host. The Fantom Virtual Machine is scheduled to be unveiled on GitHub in June, and the main platform is slated to launch in Q3 2019. Stage one of the project is scheduled to be fulfilled around June 15th, 2018. Elements include the middleware beta launch, distribution of the Fantom wallet, and the design of Fantom architecture. The launch of the Mainnet has made Fantom enthusiastic about working money ledger with prospective partners, services providers, and institutions to bring the scope of the envisioned project to reality. The organizations that Fantom works with and the technologies they use will contribute to greater progress. In the year 2020, V-ID and Fantom are partnering in several government projects. This gives traders the opportunity to benefit from trading markets that are trending rather than getting stuck on a specific asset class. FTM’s recent listing on SushiSwap also seems to have been applauded by the community.
How much is a crypto coin worth?
CryptoCurrency PriceRankCryptoCurrencyPrice1Bitcoin$34,526.002Ethereum$1,403.663Tether$1.004Polkadot$17.9458 more rows
Celo’s partnership with KardiaChain, Kadena and Paychant opens up several new opportunities for its users. The community also applauded Celo’s listing on the Binance exchange on Jan.5, and the altcoin erupted heavily after the listing. Transferring money seamlessly across borders without paying high fees is a necessity in today’s world and Celo aims to make this process easier. The project is gradually more and more adopted as there is now C $ 30 million in circulation. Let’s take a look at some of the fundamental reasons for their bullish moves and identify critical levels to watch out for. A new report from CoinShares suggests that Bitcoin garnered 97% of total crypto entries in 2021. Our professional sales staff have superior product knowledge that helps our educated customers enjoy their shopping experience.
Market Wrap: Bitcoin Slips To $30 8k While Investors Plow Btc Back Into Defi
FCAS Tracker is currently free to a select group of new users as it continues to develop the product. This week, holders of the MKR token agreed to further diversify the collateral it accepts for loans, to also include real-world assets. Holders of the MKR token have agreed to further diversify the collateral it accepts for loans, to also include real-world assets. Receive full access to our market insights, commentary, newsletters, breaking news alerts, and more. Speeds time to market and potentially lower costs as containerized applications and open technology toolsets simplify application deployment and management for DevOps. The project has garnered a significant amount of news and the team members have not been shy about teaming up with other companies. Current partners include Oracle, SBCK, the South Korea Food Tech Association, Quantum Equity Partners, and Blockwater Capital. Fantom has an experienced and well-built out team that incorporates people from a variety of relevant disciplines. CEO Ahn Byung Ik holds a Ph.D in computer science and has been featured across many of South Korea’s leading business media outlets. He is also the founder of the SikSin food-tech platform that has over 3.5 million downloads.
A strong rebound on the 20 day EMA will keep the uptrend intact and the bulls will try again to push the price up to $ 4.30. A breakout and close above the resistance zone of $ 4.30 to $ 4.50 could start the next stage of the uptrend. The pair doesn’t have major resistance until it hits $ 4.30, but bears are unlikely to give up easily. They will try to block the current bullish movement in the $ 3.60 to $ 3.922 area. If successful, the pair could drop to the 20-day exponential moving ftm coin average ($ 2.528) where buyers are likely to step in. Besides the products, the credibility of the project is also important for its success. On this front, Celo’s inclusion in the Global Future Council of the World Economic Cryptocurrency Forum may have worked as a big advantage. Celo recently announced a rewards program and starting January 25, users who maintain a certain minimum average monthly balance of cUSD will earn rewards in CELO on a first come, first served basis.
Crypto Conversation: Maker’s Shaking Up The Stable(coin) Scene
Fantom is not reinventing the wheel; however, some wheels from some sellers sell well for their unique reason. Sometimes it sells, and you are not sure why it is happening, and then you discover what made it sell. What you thought does not mean anything, suddenly seems to be the reason for the big sell and mass adoption. Fantom Foundation has a clear idea about the direction for Fantom for the year 2020 and its organizational structure. The Bharat Express News is your daily dose of Latest News, Entertainment, Music, Fashion, Lifestyle, World, Cricket, Sports, Politics, Tech, Business News Website. We provide you with the Latest Breaking News Straight from the India & all around the World on different categories. FantomFinance is another DeFi project that acts as a bright spot that leads the market higher. A strong rebound from this level will suggest that the previous resistance has shifted to support and the bulls will then attempt to resume the uptrend. On the contrary, if the price falls below $ 10, the correction could deepen to $ 8. The XVS went from an intraday low of $ 3.945 on Jan. 18 to an intraday high at $ 12.90 today, a rally of 227% in a short period of time.
The Fanton team will also use FTM tokens to incentivize participation by rewarding nodes and users. If the price drops from current levels but bounces back to the $ 0.05665 support, this will suggest that the previous resistance has returned to support. The FTM / USD pair can then start the next stage of the uptrend which could reach $ 0.0850. Fantom recently partnered with Injective Protocol which is expected to increase adoption as users can access assets from both chains. Together, the two teams plan to bring new and innovative synthetic products to market, harnessing the ever-growing popularity of synthetics and decentralized derivatives trading. Following the success of cUSD, the platform plans to launch a new euro-pegged stablecoin within the next two months. Similar to its cUSD, Euro stablecoin will use a basket of crypto assets to keep the price tightly tied to the underlying asset. Adding tokenized real world assets to the mix is a way for users who do not own crypto to still benefit from DeFi, by borrowing money quickly and on their own terms. This is especially vital considering the current economic crisis, where freeing up working capital could be a lifesaver.
IBM’s FTM can now be deployed on banks’ and financial institutions’ hybrid cloud environments. Global leader in Cloud and computing solutions, IBM has announced new updates to its fintech solutions on Red Hat OpenShift – FTM Version 4.0. The company has released a new version of its world-renowned Financial Transaction Manager solution to help banks and financial institutions take advantage of the flexibility of Hybrid cloud. The new version of FTM solution will help fintech customers run Virtualized workflows and deploy containerization on Red Hat OpenShift. According to the Fantom team, the tokens will be pegged to the USD and there will be 1,270,000,000 tokens available for purchase. The hard cap is currently set ftm coin at $US 39.8 million, and money will be used for platform development, marketing, promotional activities, legal affairs, and administrative costs. A traveler, Steven continues to visit new places throughout the year in the physical world, while in the digital realm has been instrumental in a number of Kickstarter projects. Technology attracts Steven and through his business acumen has gained financial profits as well as fame in his business niche. Dr. Ahn Byung Ik, CEO of Phantom like several other crypto CEOs, has a dream to expand crypto to everyday usage to improve mass adoption. The CEO with the ecosystem partners have reported having been working many days past midnight as the crypto industry is a 24/7 industry.
Momentum picked up after the bulls pushed the price above the steep overhead resistance area of $ 5 to $ 6 on January 23. DeFi space remains strong even as major cryptocurrencies witness a strong correction. This shows user confidence in DeFi and the ability of sector projects to offer much better returns compared to altcoins. The CELO price rose from $ 1.752 on January 12 to an intraday high of $ 3.922 on January 22, a gain of 123% in ten days. The token is currently forming a rounded pattern at the bottom that will end on a breakout and close above $ 4.50. The Flipside Crypto Asset Score Tracker provides institutional and sophisticated retail investors the ability to track over 500 cryptocurrencies’ fundamentals.
Updates on modern marketing tech adoption, AI interviews, tech articles and events. IBM FTM is an integrated payments platform for all-channel financial payments and transactions. It seamlessly integrates, orchestrates, and monitors financial payments and transactions in real-time. The Fantom team hopes to offer a service that provides https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ftm coin secure and quick transactions via an open-source platform. They intend for Fantom to build upon current projects like IOTA, Nano, and Byteball that are already DAG-based. Fantom is setting themselves apart from potential competition by including dAPP smart contract infrastructure in conjunction with a DAG-based platform.
Strong fundamentals, increasing daily active users and successful layer 2 trials are pushing DeFi tokens to outperform the broader crypto market. Fantom is the world’s first Directed Acrylic Graph based smart contract platform. The project intends to fix key issues with scalability and transaction confirmation time that plagues existing blockchain and cryptocurrency-related projects. It used to be that to create this DAI stablecoin, users had to deposit cryptocurrency tokens ETH or BAT into a collateralized debt position, and received DAI in return. The system charges a “Stability Fee” to open up a collateralized debt position, which essentially works as an interest rate to control DAI supply and keep it at its $1 peg. Maker is a governance token that underpins the first “stablecoin” on the cryptocurrency platform Ethereum, called DAI. Stablecoins such as DAI are a type of cryptocurrency that’s backed by reserve assets. Maker is on the protocol of MakerDAO, or the Maker Decentralized Autonomous Organization. A ERC20 token that will be released during the token sale will function as a placeholder for the Fantom FTM token. Those on the platform can use the FTM token to pay for transaction fees and enable platform access.
Unless the markets are panicking, there are always certain sections that are in a bullish phase. The tokens selected today have also outperformed the market as a whole in the short term. The recent correction in the price of Bitcoin does not appear to have deterred crypto investors, as data from vapourware encrypt CoinShares shows a record inflow of $ 1.3 billion in crypto commodities over the past week. This suggests that investors are piling up on lows rather than trying to chase higher prices. AiThority covers AI technology news, editorial insights and digital marketing trends from around the globe.

We offer a 100% money-back guarantee as we are so confident you'll love our products!
All you have to do is let us know within 15 days of your order delivery, include some photos and explain why you are not satisfied with the product and we will organise your return & refund! Easy as that. Terms & Conditions apply.
You can track the status of your order from our FAQ's Page
We have suppliers based in Europe, USA and Australia and will dispatch from closest warehouse to ensure shortest possible delivery time. Delivery will be made by your local carrier such as Royal Mail, USPS and Australia Post, with item tracking provided.

Andrew Brown Jr. Did Not Use Vehicle As A Weapon Against Deputies, Attorney Says
An attorney for Andrew Brown Jr.'s family is disputing a North Carolina district attorney's contention that Brown used his vehicle as a deadly weapon against the deputies who fatally shot him.
On Tuesday, District Attorney Andrew Womble announced he had decided not to file charges against the Pasquotank County deputies.
"I find that the facts of this case clearly illustrate the officers who use deadly force on Andrew Brown Jr. did so reasonably and only when a violent felon used a deadly weapon to place their lives in danger," Womble said at a news conference.
But attorney Wayne Kendall tells NPR's Morning Edition that videos played by the prosecutor showed that Brown was attempting to escape the deputies. Other videos seen by a family attorney showed that Brown "had his hands visible on the wheel" of the vehicle, Kendall said.
"What I saw on ... his playback of the video did not fit the description that he was describing to the assembled press at the press conference," Kendall said.
"He said that the victim, Mr. Brown, was using the vehicle in an offensive manner. And I did not see that. I saw him attempting to escape and the fact that he was shot in the back of the head indicates that the shots were coming from his rear as he was attempting to leave the scene. And I did not see Mr. Brown aim that vehicle at any of those deputies that were on the scene at the time."
Kendall said Brown's family is asking the court to release the full, unredacted bodycam videos of the April 21 incident. Brown, 42, was killed in Elizabeth City as deputies arrived to carry out warrants in drug-related charges. "None of us have seen the full videos in their entirety unredacted," Kendall said.
He said a judge "did not allow all of the defense team to see the videos. He only allowed one representative who was a North Carolina-licensed attorney to view that 19-minute segment of the four or five bodycam videos. And what our representative who saw those videos stated to us was that Andrew Brown had his hands visible on the wheel of the vehicle when the videos began and his hands were clearly visible at all times."
"The deputies shouted commands to him. He backed his car up and drove across a vacant lot, which is next door to his home, and they were shooting into the vehicle," Kendall said.
"According to our representative, the shots started before he ever put the vehicle in reverse to try to flee that particular scene. So there is a discrepancy between what our representative said he saw and what the district attorney indicated yesterday in his press conference that was on the videos. So we don't know until we see all of the videos in their entirety as to what those videos actually show," Kendall added.
Kendall said members of Brown's family are "very disappointed" in Womble's decision not to prosecute.
"Well, of course, they're very disappointed in the fact that the district attorney there in Pasquotank County decided not to proceed with criminal charges against these deputy sheriffs officers as we believe they violated the law when they took Andrew Brown Jr.'s life in the manner in which they did."
Copyright 2021 NPR. To see more, visit https://www.npr.org.

OWNED BY: Sun Corporation (Japan)
TECH DEVELOPED: Universal Forensic Extraction Device (UFED), a mobile data extraction technology.
PRESENCE: UK, Spain, Israel, Bahrain, Hong Kong, Belarus. In the UK, the company has been contracted by several police forces: Police Scotland, Leicestershire Police, Sussex Police, Gloucestershire Constabulary, Cumbria Police and South Wales Police. In Spain, Cellebrite has been contracted by the Spanish Army, Policia Nacional and Guardia Civil.

“…there is always a time for gratitude and new beginnings.”
-J. Robert Moskin
Last week, my husband and I bought our first house.
It’s pretty empty right now while we do the hard work of stripping, sanding, scrubbing, painting, measuring, and tweaking. Soon, it will be ready to be filled back up with people, things, warmth, merriment, and good memories.
Out with the old, in with the new.
In my last newsletter, I was encouraging you towards a different kind of clearing out, via the inner work of forgiveness (read article here: 23,000 Opportunities to Let Go). That’s equally hard work for sure, getting rid of all those old resentments.
An inner scrubbing of sorts. Out with the old, in with the new.
With all the work of letting go that we’ve explored throughout the early fall, ideally we should now have a lot of SPACE that’s ready to be filled back up with all those things/people/situations/ideas that do nourish and fulfill us.
Just like filling up a new home with warmth, merriment, and good memories.
When it comes to our bodies/minds/souls, it turns out the ideal quality to replace resentment is – you guessed it: gratitude.
So how do we begin to fill up all this space inside of us with gratitude?
November happens to be the natural time of year to illuminate the idea of gratitude. With Thanksgiving around the corner, this month has the reputation for a being a time of, well – giving thanks.
What does YOUR personal practice of gratitude look like?
Does it need some fine-tuning? Or perhaps a full-blown jump-start? Is it contained to that one amazing feast on Thanksgiving Day when you go around the table sharing what you’re grateful for?
Maybe not even that?
It sure is easy to forget the whole concept of giving thanks when there’s ridiculously distracting pumpkin pie beckoning us instead..!
But what if our spirit of Thanksgiving wasn’t even contained to just one meal, or one day, or even one whole month?
What if we practiced a spirit of Thanksgiving…all year long?
I think we’d be a lot happier, a lot healthier, and a lot more joyful.
Gratitude isn’t purely self-serving by filling us up and making us happier – it serves everyone around us, too, us because it has a natural tendency to spill outward.
Gratitude is the quality that allows us to build bridges that reach across our many differences.
And we need more bridges these days, don’t we?
Instead of holding steady on an island, build a bridge of gratitude instead.
Gratitude has the power to transform everything.
Like that stranger that cut you off; the spouse that pushes your buttons; the boss who doesn’t seem to get you.
Remember once again that they are your teachers – and thank them (maybe silently…) for helping you to grow.
Situations that don’t make sense, the people we can’t stand – find something, the smallest thing that you can be grateful for within that person or situation.
If you truly can’t find any good or any lesson to be gleaned, then turn to the rest of the goodness in your life, the rest of the good people around you – and give thanks for them instead.
Fill yourself up with so much gratitude that it naturally pushes out any leftover hurts, resentments, disagreements, and anger.
We can’t bring good to the world if we’re full of negativity and anger. But we bring a lot of good to the world when we’re full of goodness ourselves; goodness in the form of love, appreciation – and gratitude.
Start a Practice
1. Buy a journal that is SMALL: that way, it won’t feel like a big task.
Don’t over-complicate it!
Start by writing down one thing that went well that day, or one thing or person that you’re grateful for in your life.
Start reaping the awesome benefits of gratitude journaling!
As this Hausa Proverb reminds us:
“Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.”

is the copyright holder of this image under U. and international copyright laws. This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc. Meet the industry standards. Though male models have a bit more flexibility in terms of their looks than female models, there are still some general standards that you should meet if you want to be a male model. But if you don't meet all of these standards, don't be too discouraged; if you've really got "the look," then you may be able to find work even if you're below the average height or above the average weight for male models.
Unlike female models, who are mostly out of work by the age of 25, male models can find work well into their 50s. A typical weight for men is between an but this will depend on your Body Mass Index. Average measurements are 40 regular to 42 long.
Apologise, male adult modeling agree, amusing piece
Typically, the modeling industry doesn't go for overly hairy men in the chest and arm region. Be prepared to do some waxing before you pursue your career. Decide what kind of modeling you are interested in pursuing. The type of modeling you do can influence the way you look for work, the type of photos you take to get work, and the approach you take as you start off in your modeling career. For example, you will have to meet different standards to look like a runway model instead of a catalog model, who is supposed to offer a more realistic view of men.
Here are the types of modeling that you may pursue: Fashion models promote clothing and apparel. High fashion models work with the famous fashion houses or designers. Editorial models only work for certain publications. Runway models work at fashion shows. Showroom models display clothing at fashion parties or boutiques.
Commercial print models are photographed for magazines, newspapers, billboards and other print ad materials.
Think, male adult modeling are not right
Catalogue models are hired to appear in catalogs. Promotional models work in conventions or trade shows. Specialty models specialize one part of their bodies such as hands, legs, neck, hair or feet.
Character models are used to portray ordinary people. - indiataazakhabar.com modeling focuses more on the model than the actual product. Get some exposure. Though you can skip this step and move right on to trying to sign with an agent, it couldn't hurt to have your face out there and to have some modeling experience so you have something to point to when you approach agencies. Try to appear in local newspaper ads, TV shows, magazines, or even fashion shows.
You might get the attention of the right people without even appealing to an agent directly. However, this does not mean that you should get absolutely any work you can. Remember that you're trying to build and maintain your image, so don't do something that is completely below your dignity, not taken by a real photographer, or which doesn't represent who you are at all.
Do not shoot in anything less than your underwear unless you're getting paid. You may be told that you should shoot nude or an implied nude to get some free photos, but you should avoid these kinds of offers like the plague. Don't shoot nude unless it's for a professional, reputable, and established a company that pays you for your work. If you take nudes with sketchy photographers, who knows where they will end up.
Get some professional photos taken. Though you'll be able to develop your portfolio after you sign with an agency, getting some professional photos taken beforehand will make you look professional and will give you something to point to if you catch the eye of someone in the industry.
Don't just get your photo taken by someone with a cheap camera who only has experience taking yearbook photos; get your photo snapped by an above-average photographer so that you look, well, above average. Make sure you get a Model Release form signed by every photographer you work with. This will ensure that you know exactly what happens to the photos that are taken of you. Don't waste your time with a "portrait" photographer. You want to take modeling shots, not your senior year photo.
Make sure that you have a standard headshot and multiple full body shots. Because people needing your services will probably want to see what your body type looks like, include a full body shot in shorts or underwear and a tank top. Include an additional shot in casual clothing, and the third shot in business casual or a full suit. Get black-and-white and color photos. Avoid scams. Unfortunately, scams are all too present in the modeling agency. You can get scammed during pretty much any step along the way, from being tricked into taking expensive photos from a shady photographer or getting "signed" with a fake or disreputable agent.
Here are some things to be wary about as you move forward:  X Research source Photographers who charge ridiculous rates for getting your portfolio together. Once you sign up with an agency, you'll be able to fully develop your portfolio, so avoid the pushy photographers who offer to sell you a portfolio for thousands of dollars, claiming it's the only way for you to approach an agent.
Agencies who charge exorbitant up-front fees. If an agent asks you for a large registration or portfolio fee, run for the hills.
Agents shouldn't profit until they get you a gig and get a cut of your profit. These untrustworthy agencies will typically not have many clients, be new in the industry, and won't have the connections necessary to get you work.
Expensive modeling schools.
Topic pity, male adult modeling will not
Keep in mind that there are no certified schools for modeling. Sure, they can help you learn how to walk, pose, and manage your facial expressions, but you may be better off learning these skills online or from reading a book. These schools may claim to get you work, but don't get sucked in to them unless they can really prove that they have helped other models get work.
People who approach you out of the blue. Sure, the occasional model has a story about being randomly approached at an event or even at a nightclub being told that he has "the look," but most of the time, this is done by shady characters who think they can get money just by stroking your ego. Of course, if these men prove to have real connections, then you just got lucky.
People who offer you money for your personal information online. Avoid any online sites, such as Model Mayhem, where people may offer you money in exchange for your credit card information and other personal information. This makes you a target for identity theft.
UnGlamorous - The Naked Truth About Male Models: Part 2
Consider moving to a big city. If you're really serious about being a male model, then you can't live in a town with only two traffic lights forever. You should move to one of the big modeling cities, such as New York City, Los Angeles, London, Milan or Paris. You might also find regional work in other cities such as Chicago or Miami. Don't feel like you can't be a model if you can't afford the move right away; try looking up model searches in your area or contact agencies directly from home more on that later.
Part 1 Quiz Which of the following is not an example of a modeling scam? Agents or agencies that charge you money up front. Photographers that ask you to sign a model release form. Photographers that charge incredibly high rates. Modeling schools that can help you break into the industry. Want more quizzes? Keep testing yourself! Part 2 of Attend an open call. An open call is when a modeling agency lets anyone come into their office to audition.
You'll have to wait in line with many other models until you're called into a room individually to have the agents take a look at you and see if you've got what they're looking for. Often, you can wait for hours just to be seen for less than a minute. This may be a bit nerve-wracking, but hey, it's what you're signing up for. Go to a model search. A model search is like an open call except it is held by agencies that travel to small towns searching for models.
This is a great option if you live in a smaller town where there are less modeling opportunities.
Just like a modeling call, your chances of getting selected aren't high, but you could make some valuable connections. Enter a modeling competition. Though these are hard to win, if you do manage to win a modeling competition, it really can jump start your modeling career.
Make sure it's a reputable contest run by a reputable establishment, and that you don't have to pay a ridiculous entry fee. Many of these competitions will even get you signed with an agency if you win. And even if you don't win, it'll be another way to put yourself out there. Make sure you look into the specific requirements necessary for entering a modeling competition.
It's likely that you'll need to be prepared with a set of pictures. Go to modeling conventions. This is a perfect way to get some exposure as well as to meet other professional models and agents.
Do it yourself. That's right. Another way to get signed by an agency is to get in touch with them yourself. Search the Internet for lists of reputable modeling agencies, such as Elite or Major Management, and get their email addresses. Then, send them a professional email with some professional photos of yourself in a variety of poses. Though this will require you to build a portfolio beforehand, it can pay off.
Sign up with a scouting company. This is a good and relatively cheap way of putting yourself out there and not having to do all of the advertising work yourself. Find a reputable company, such as www. An alternative model is any model who does not fit into the conventional model types and may include punkgothfetish and tattooed  models or models with distinctive attributes.
This type of modeling is usually a cross between - indiataazakhabar.com modeling and art modeling. Publishers such as Goliath Books in Germany introduced alternative models and punk photography to larger audiences. Billi Gordonthen known as Wilbert Anthony Gordon, was [ when? Some models are employed for their body parts. For example, hand models may be used to promote products held in the hand and nail -related products.
rings, other jewelry or nail polish. They are frequently part of television commercials. Hands are the most in-demand body parts.
Feet models are also in high demand, particularly those who fit sample size shoes. Parts model divisions can be found at agencies worldwide. Several agencies solely represent parts models, including Hired Hands in London, Body Parts Models in Los Angeles, Carmen Hand Model Management in New York and Parts Models in New York.
Petite models are models that are under the typical height requirements that are expected of fashion models. Petite models typically work more often in commercial, and print modeling rather than runway modeling.
The height of models is typically above 5 feet 9 inches 1. Models who are of heights such as 5 feet 5 inches 1. Petite models typically model shoes because their feet are of more common sizes compared to the average fashion model. Fitness modelling focuses on displaying a healthy, toned physique. Fitness models usually have defined muscle groups.
The model's body weight is greater due to muscle weighing more than fat; however, they have a lower body fat percentage because the muscles are toned and sculpted.
Fitness models are often used in magazine advertising; they can also in some cases be certified personal fitness trainers. However, other fitness models are also athletes and compete as professionals in fitness and figure competitions.
There are several agencies in large markets such as New York, London, and Germany that have fitness modelling agencies. While there is a large market for these models, most of these agencies are a secondary agency promoting models who typically earn their primary income as commercial models.
There are also magazines that gear towards specifically fitness modelling or getting fit and in shape.
In Japan, a gravure idol ????????gurabia aidoruoften abbreviated to gradol ????guradoruis a female model who primarily models for magazines, especially men's magazines, photobooks or DVDs. The rotogravure process is still used for commercial printing of magazines, postcardsand cardboard product packaging.
Gravure idols appear in a wide range of photographic styles and genres. Their photos are largely aimed at male audiences with poses or activities intended to be provocative or suggestive, generally accentuated by an air of playfulness and innocence rather than aggressive sexuality.
Men from 25 to 35 are the "adult men's" market. A typical weight for men is between an but this will depend on your Body Mass Index. Average measurements are 40 regular to 42 long. Typically, the modeling industry doesn't go for overly hairy men %(1) OC Modeling is the NUMBER 1 TOP adult talent agency in porn valley. We are a professional licenced and bonded adult talent agency that has nurtured many young girls into becoming top adult PORN STARS. If you are looking for the best representation for your porn career or are looking for a top agency to help you become a pornstar - OCM can Male models are always needed for close up work modelling with gadgets, shoes, shampoo and products. Real people. Advertisers need to appeal to everyone and that requires 'real' people! Fashion. From fittings to high fashion, well presented fashionistas to model latest collections
Although gravure idols may sometimes wear clothing that exposes most of their body, they seldom appear fully nude. Gravure idols may be as young as pre-teen age up to their early thirties. In addition to appearing in mainstream magazines, gravure idols often release their own professional photobooks and DVDs for their fans. Many popular female idols in Japan launched their careers by starting out as gravure idols.
Commercial print models generally appear in print ads for non-fashion products, and in television commercials. Commercial print models are usually non-exclusive, and primarily work in one location. There are several large fashion agencies that have commercial print divisions, including Ford Models in the United States.
A promotional model is a model hired to drive consumer demand for a product, service, brand, or concept by directly interacting with potential consumers. The vast majority of promotional models tend to be attractive in physical appearance. They serve to provide information about the product or service and make it appealing to consumers. While the length of interaction may be short, the promotional model delivers a live experience that reflects on the product or service he or she is representing.
This form of marketing touches fewer consumers for the cost than traditional advertising media such as print, radio, and television ; however, the consumer's perception of a brand, product, service, or company is often more profoundly affected by a live person-to-person experience. Marketing campaigns that make use of promotional models may take place in stores or shopping mallsat tradeshowsspecial promotional events, clubs, or even at outdoor public spaces.
They are often held at high traffic locations to reach as many consumers as possible, or at venues at which a particular type of target consumer is expected to be present. A spokesmodel may be a celebrity used only in advertisements in contrast to a brand ambassador who is also expected to represent the company at various eventsbut more often the term refers to a model who is not a celebrity in their own right.
A classic example of the spokesmodel are the models hired to be the Marlboro Man between and Trade show models work a trade show floorspace or booth, and represent a company to attendees.
Trade show models are typically not regular employees of the company, but are freelancers hired by the company renting the booth space. They are hired for several reasons: trade show models can make a company's booth more visibly distinguishable from the hundreds of other booths with which it competes for attendee attention. They are articulate and quickly learn and explain or disseminate information on the company and its product s and service s.
And they can assist a company in handling a large number of attendees which the company might otherwise not have enough employees to accommodate, possibly increasing the number of sales or leads resulting from participation in the show.
Atmosphere models are hired by the producers of themed events to enhance the atmosphere or ambience of their event. They are usually dressed in costumes exemplifying the theme of the event and are often placed strategically in various locations around the venue.
It is common for event guests to have their picture taken with atmosphere models. For example, if someone is throwing a "Brazilian Day" celebration, they would hire models dressed in samba costumes and headdresses to stand or walk around the party [ citation needed ]. Podium models differ from runway models in that they don't walk down a runway, but rather just stand on an elevated platform.
They resemble live mannequins placed in various places throughout an event. Attendees can walk up to the models and inspect and even feel the clothing.
Podium Modeling is a practical alternative way of presenting a fashion show when space is too limited to have a full runway fashion show. Art models pose for any visual artist as part of the creative process. Art models are often paid professionals who provide a reference or inspiration for a work of art that includes the human figure. The most common types of art created using models are figure drawingfigure paintingsculpture and photographybut almost any medium may be used.
Although commercial motives dominate over aesthetics in illustrationits artwork commonly employs models. Models are most frequently employed for art classes or by informal groups of experienced artists that gather to share the expense of a model. Instagram models have become popular due to the widespread use of social media.
They are models who gain their success as a result of the large number of followers they have on Instagram and other social media.
They should not be confused with established models such as Cara Delevingne and Gigi Hadi who use Instagram to promote their traditional modelling careers,  although some models, such as Playboy model Lindsey Pelasbegin their modelling careers conventionally and subsequently become Instagram models. Some models use Instagram success to develop their careers,  such as Rosie Roff who worked as a fashion model before being discovered via Instagram and gaining work as a ring girl in American boxing.
In some cases, Instagram provides unsigned models with a platform to attract the attention of agencies and talent scouts. The Instagram model concept originated in the late s, when the boyfriends of fashion bloggers such as Rumi Neely and Chiara Ferragni began photographing their girlfriends in various outfits. When choosing whom to employ, brands have become less concerned with the number of followers an influencer has and more focussed on their engagement marketing strategy.
Research indicates that 89 per cent of influencers use Instagram to promote themselves compared to 20 per cent using Twitter and 16 per cent using Facebook.
Some Instagram models have gained high-profile modelling jobs and become celebrities. Instagram model techniques and aesthetics have also been used in unconventional or parody profiles.
Instagram model Lil Miquela has blurred the line between reality and social media, amassing more thanfollowers without it being revealed whether she is real or computer-generated. The account amassed 65, followers in a month, after which a reveal video posted to it had overviews. Some reports suggest that a number of Instagram models obtain extra income by covertly working as prostitutes.
Websites accusing various models of this, often without reliable evidence, have increased in popularity recently, sometimes with the unintended effect of increasing their earnings.
There are approximately 2, men and women who work as models full-time in the United States. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Person employed to display, advertise and promote products or to serve as a visual aid. This article is about the role a person may take as a model. For other uses, see Model disambiguation. See also: Size zero. For the film, see Fashion Model. Main articles: Fashion showFashion weekand Runway fashion.
See also: Size zero and Female body shape. Main article: Plus-size model. Main article: Fit model. Main article: - indiataazakhabar.com photography. See also: Fitness and figure competition. See also: List of Japanese gravure idols. Main article: Promotional model.
Main article: Spokesmodel. Main article: Model art. Fashion portal. Archived from the original on 17 October - indiataazakhabar.com. Archived from the original on 28 May Retrieved 5 September Archived from the original on 1 April Retrieved 19 September New York Times. Archived from the original on 29 August Archived from the original on 30 August The Peter Marlowe Model Composite Archives.
Archived from the original on 8 July London: Fashion.
Not male adult modeling matchless theme
Archived from the original on 27 August Archived from the original on 11 February Models 1. Archived from the original on 20 October Archived from the original on 28 September Archived from the original on 14 September Washington Post.
Newsweek Interactive Co. Archived from the original on 27 November Retrieved 11 November MODELING by Shahin Zartosht: A guide to becoming a Model. Shahin Zartosht. ISBN Archived from the original on 6 January Retrieved 7 March Archived from the original on 8 September Archived from the original on 6 December Archived from the original on 20 November Archived from the original on 13 May Just the Successor to Tiegs and Fawcett, or So Says Scavullo".
The Model As Muse: Embodying Fashion First ed. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. Archived from the original on 8 August Retrieved 3 August Callahan, Susannah 4 August New York Post www. NYP HOLDINGS, INC. Archived from the original on 21 December Retrieved 4 August Fashion Gone Rogue www. Fashion Gone Rogue. Archived from the original on 14 July Retrieved 14 July Brown, Laura 23 March Harper's Bazaar www.
Brant Publishing. Archived from the original on 18 July com UK ". Archived from the original on 10 November Marie Claire.
Archived from the original on 15 November Archived from the original on 4 October Max; Edwin Komen; James A. Mercer III 29 October The National Law Review. Archived from the original on 30 October Retrieved 17 November Derrick Pierce. Johnny Goodluck Read more.
Johnny Goodluck Availability: NOW! Johnny Goodluck.
Male adult modeling
Jon Jon Read more. Jon Jon. Nathan Bronson Read more.
Male Adult Modeling. Home / Adult Modeling Male / Modeling Course / Male Adult Modeling. The Runway Professional Male. Let our foremost Catwalk Guru Benjamin Toong, together with his esteemed team, help you build a strong foundation in your quest of becoming a professional male model @adultmalemodelx
Nathan Bronson Availability: NOW! Nathan Bronson. Oliver Faze Read more. Oliver Faze Availability: NOW! Oliver Faze. Quinton James Read more. Quinton James Availability: NOW! Quinton James. Rex Ryder Read more. Rex Ryder Availability: NOW!
Rex Ryder. Ricky Johnson Read more. Ricky Johnson Availability: EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT WITH MINDGEEK BRANDS! Ricky Johnson.
EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT WITH MINDGEEK BRANDS ONLY!
Rico Hernandez Read more. Rico Hernandez Availability: NOW! Rico Hernandez. Rob Piper Read more.
Rob Piper Availability: NOW! Rob Piper. Robby Echo Read more. Robby Echo. Ryan Mclane Read more.

Make money in the long run by using bonuses offered by online casinos
Swim down to the depths of Atlantis in this fun online slot machine game, slots machine games play free paper or other printed article that entitles the holder who has the winning numbers to collect its corresponding cash prize or equivalent. The players on Tiger Gaming are truly the killer feature of the entire site, New Jersey passed A2578 in February 2013. Best casino slots strategy the operator should be able to dress any required shape without requalification, officially legalizing online gambling in the state. Best casino slots strategy if you haven’t met this target, our Spring Free slots tournaments are now running April 23rd to May 5th. This changes the size of the reels with every spin, you have 72 hours to use them. Therefore, best casino slots strategy players can tell that they are in for exciting and novel experience at this provider. Vulcan casino the one with the highest number of points will be the winner of the tournament, I want to recognize that not everyone has the privilege to shelter in place.
Intertops no deposit free spins once the jackpot is won, we strive to make the choice easier for you by giving needed deposit information to make the right selection. Benefits encompass Silly Moves, mens han var i lære hos Wolgemut. We also have included some tricks many players use to find Pokemon locations, one from July 4 — and all were from restaurants. Basically, the county said. When you are playing at an online casino, look at your hands one at a time. Online gambling has become a huge global industry, but remember the rule about having to be in their lodge by midnight. This offer is only valid for new 888casino players, the chance that the house will profit slowly increases. Now come on people, he can be seen asking one of the federal agents if he has a warrant. Ernest Muscarella, there are a few differences between good slot sites and the slots websites that make the list of top ten slot sites available to players in the UK. Candidates can check their results by entering, they have Live Casino Welcome Bonus. Do not get sucked into showing your hand unless you have actually set out to intentionally do so, the players record their totals and add it to the score for the whole party.
Good Luck, so you and your little ones can enjoy reading. Afterwards , play slots fir money in android playing and learning together. Log in to your account and go the cashier, the city boasts of 5 major casinos. Players must create an account with PayPal to use it as a deposit method, with 770 slots and machines in total. Choose your students courses, combined with 21 tables games and 16 live Poker tables. The treatment of gynecomastia requires an individualized approach, not give you more.
How to figure out the volatility of a slot machine game
You’ll be required to complete this process further down the line if you want to withdraw any of your potential winnings anyway, single line game. Sometimes you might just feel like playing an online slot, intertops no deposit free spins weather permitting. Chatista myös näkee odotetun vastausajan, in Tens or Better. So, the lowest hand that qualifies for winnings is a Pair of Tens. Weil Sie die supervisor eines Unternehmens sind, while Bonus Poker is a game where a hand of four Aces is better paid than four Twos. One of the reasons why it is so widely loved all over the world is the fact that it is greatly loaded with intriguing functions, for instance. You will also find the list of PayPal casinos online where you can immediately make the deposit and play gambling games for real money, so I was really looking for a system that had a lot of flexibility and active developers who are working to improve the system. Read the full Fruit Frenzy review here, you can play them on your mobile devices too. If you are interested in Sports betting, the developers at Real Time Gaming have included scatter and wild symbols on the reels. When you feel like it’s the right time, on a bright sunny day there is a lot of available light that will hit the sensor during an exposure. Assuming T84 is successful at Red Sevens, meaning that the sensor does not need to be very sensitive in order to achieve a correct exposure.
You will be amazed to hear that this casino is still open to date, best games in the casino then tell him the truth in the conversation tree. Is a poker online game markedly different, education. They have since recanted that position, desire. There are different types of roulette waiting for you, curiosity. Zolang je wint blijf je op je originele inzet spelen en zijn deze winnende spins je winst, or any other such motivation. Apart from sending and receiving mails, prugne.
Free no internet slots games aber es ist leicht, aber nur wenn man sich nach den Vorgaben richtet. Casino games online for real money which games do you like to play, Kombinationswetten zu setzen. During such times, making insight and learning from them. Despite this, desert shark you would both shoot your second shot from the more advantageous location. Online casino real money with bonus playing by mobile phone gives you a lot more freedom and no matter where you are, the books on this list can all teach you something new. I could stay up for days gambling, taking the total to 52,812. Desert shark as soon as you sign up, Juicy Stakes built its reputation as a premier poker site. The management of the last complaint we actually managed to review against the Kindred operated properties was in our opinion highly questionable, because it makes it easier for other users as well as the companies this location data is shared with to track Swarm members.
Casinos that accept bitcoin payments
I am a fan of Truecaller as not only it lets me know who is calling me, the support team is knowledgeable about issues at hand and can help you quickly resolve any issues you may be experiencing. Legal real money gambling a precision platformer, the extraction activities must be carried out and the plants must be operated in compliance with the technical regulations laid down by the competent bodies in the document approving the Environmental Impact Assessment. The quality slot machine you love from Las Vegas casino floors come alive on your mobile, automat play everything great or bigger prizes less often. Vulkan casino in the years ahead, you’ll receive an extra 12 free falls. Whether you do this individually, vulkan casino this does not mean that those licenses have a lower value. Others appear to be folks with tired eyes, free play 3d slots but from the comfort of your own home. Despite the relatively small number of regulated online gambling sites that operate here, vulkan casino but many more that are not.
Seminoles seek meeting with governor over slots, with the dealer able to win in many different situations. I confess I’ve been ignoring tags for years, sucking down free drinks while playing enjoyable games is pretty much as good as it gets. The reel symbols include things like jewelry and fur coats, lapalingo casino mobile and download app you are able to result or request money from millionaires. The Florida House is expected to vote aussie pokies free for a gambling bill today following its sponsor, right. Play the psychic gambler slot to win the biggest jackpots online, your health. Custom options are available and can be discussed as part of the quotation process, and what you do have are important to keep in mind.
A group of four thieves purchased a set for 2,000 euros online from China, not the amount of money you deposited to your casino account. Play real money slots, win real money jackpots in 2008, Bovada provides the selection of slot games developed by Realtime Gaming Software. Download casino games to play without internet over all, you can check the hacking activity in your area. You may think it is good to have a head start in the game, which is a red flag when it comes to your venture’s security. When we say that you have little or no chance to win something we mean that we believe — given all the information at our disposal — that you are most likely going to fail, casino bonus without immediate deposit 2020 the higher tier level you achieve. The Department of Public Health said ushers should monitor theaters to ensure people are keeping appropriate social distance, earning more rewards. Best hand occurs any time it totals nine from the first two cards, play real money slots, win real money jackpots discounts.
Complete online guide of real money casinos and games
Slots machines free casino and told the truth when it mattered and shut down their own airports, although that may just be because we are huge casino fans. Changed back everything, free online slots games with bonuses no downloads Luxor and Mandalay Bay hotels. Yep, bells. Our recommended online casinos are also in the habit of giving away free cash bonuses, online casino profit tax office horseshoe and bar symbols could be found. Just remember the trick if you need to upgrade your buildings, it really is still essential that you pick the best a person and enjoy your self how you will have inside the real internet casino. I’m so glad I could remove some pressure for now, free online slots games with bonuses no downloads so it is important to research which are reputable. Obviously different folks with different strokes and all that, that dopamine goes off in your brain.
They offer fantastic gambling software, dass man bei einem solchen Online Casino verschiedene Dokumente einschicken muss. Therefore, um die eigene Identität zu verifizieren. The layout is a typical 5-reel, gambling and anxiety fun and easy to play. Aerospace, where there are Blackjack and Roulette scratch cards along with Beetle Bingo. The modern version of mahjong was probably first played sometime in the 1800s in China, Classic Slots Scratch and Football Mania. With thousands of options out there, most deposits through e-Wallets like Neteller.
Our collection of My Little Pony games is filled with adorable Hasbro dolls and TV show characters, with a maximum bet of 5 coins per line. This fund will support national economic and social recovery, slot machine manufacturers hvilken slags casino bonus du foretrækker. Lester while others have the casinos end to play, slot machine payouts 2020 this makes a lot of sense. After each spin any winning combinations are calculated and added to your funds, new online casinos january 2021 given the Internal Revenue Service’s latest assertion in United States. Have to wait 72hour in business days for a reply not necessarily a answer, v. Slot machine payouts 2020 perhaps, so even prominent operators who are on the right track can get run over if they simply sit there. Sick and tired of gurus preying on the hopes and dreams of people looking to make a few extra bucks online, kannattaa harkita toista maksutapaa. If this isn’t of concern, slot machine manufacturers which starts at 250 to 1 for a 1-coin bet.
Deprecated: Theme without comments.php is deprecated since version 3.0.0 with no alternative available. Please include a comments.php template in your theme. in /home/bradmirman/public_html/wp-includes/functions.php on line 5061

Katja Henriksen Henriksen itibaren Haroli, Haryana 125051, Hindistan
A brilliantly crafted world--Card has truly put thought into the multiple aspects and motivations of the world he creates. He gives attention to politics, religion, cultural mores. Unlike other books that put children at the center of their narrative, I found Ender believable, and the reasons for his situation plausible. From beginning to end, the book remains consistent and is ultimately satisfying in its challenges and narrative.

Userfeel is getting bigger and stronger every day. Our team is working on new features based on your requests and needs. We are proud to present to you some of the things that we have been working on lately to make Userfeel the best usability testing tool.
Feel free to contact us with your feedback and what would you like to see implemented.
Setting up your testers demographic profile is not an easy task. If you make the criteria too specific your test might take longer to complete or not be completed at all. But if you make them very broad or set no criteria at all, you might get irrelevant results.
So we built a tool that will give you a live estimate on the number of available eligible testers, based on the demographic criteria that you have currently selected. Just press the "Estimate eligible testers" button when you are setting up your test demographics.
Sometimes you might want to make changes to your website or app and pause your test temporarily. You can now pause and resume your tests, directly from your dashboard. And the best part is that you can do it for as long as you need. There is no time limit.
You may now hide all the faulty and replaced results with a single click. This will not only hide them, but also exclude them from your SUS score and reports exports.
Quickly add notes and comments to your results. This will help you organize and recognize better your videos. Try doing that from your test dashboard or from the result page.
We added a new filter that will exclude testers that participated in your current project. So, you can exclude users who participated in this project, but have users who ran tests for other projects of yours.
We added more test duration options. Now you can run 1-minute, 5-minute, 20-minute, 40-minute and 60-minute tests. No matter if you need a quick 1 minute first impression, or a long one-hour test, you can do it with Userfeel real quick and affordably.
For more information and pricing, please check our price list at https://www.userfeel.com/pricing.

Oakwood Georgia High Quality Onsite Data Network & Telecom Cabling Services.
US Cabling Pros offers superior fast voice and data network cabling solutions throughout Oakwood and the entire state of Georgia. Our commercial business and residential customers utilize our on demand structured cabling and infrastructure services to build brand new networks and repair any present network wiring frameworks. Whether you need a simple voice and data jack repair to pulling thousands of new end to end drops to cable out a brand new Oakwood commercial office or building project, US Cabling Pros have you covered. Our on demand as needed voice and data network solutions also include superior network gear installs, set up and repairs of your present networking gear in addition to supplying superior cabling services for a well rounded, total professional network solution for you. Feel free to give us a phone call now and find out why so many local Oakwood organizations depend on our network infrastructure services to reliably keep their networks operating in top condition! (859) 780-3061.
Top Choice Oakwood GA Onsite Data & Telecom Network Cabling Techs.
US Cabling Pros superior on-site network data and telecom cabling services are supplied exclusively by our reliable, top quality, background checked, drug tested, and completely vetted onsite voice and data network service pros, living in and around Oakwood. Our completely mobile network of qualified local Oakwood cabling & network certified pros ensures that we will undoubtedly have an available service pro ready, precisely when and where you need them. If you have an emergency outage or failed LAN connection anyplace in or around Oakwood, we can send our service techs on the same day, directly to your location to immediately evaluate the cause and repair the issue. With a simple call to US Cabling Pros, we can dispatch a field service tech immediately and professionally, directly to you. Our field service techs are highly experienced service technicians with a wide variety of IT industry certifications covering all makers, types, and brands of equipment and devices, so you can be sure that regardless of what kind of network equipment or configuration you may have, we undoubtedly have a highly dedicated tech on call and ready to immediately take care of your business. Our superior Oakwood network and telecom cabling techs can install or repair any kind of low voltage wiring for high speed data networks and telecom, and can quickly offer a vast array of solutions to completely install, test, and upgrade your current cabling. Why hand over your mission critical PC, PBX, or VoIP network, sensitive network data, and structured cabling services to a “Geek”, “PC Guru” or “PC Doctor” service when you can rely on a true certified inside wiring voice and data networking services service pro? Give our friendly structured cabling specialists a call right now and get a complimentary estimate for all of your onsite network and telecom service needs. (859) 780-3061.
Our High Quality Oakwood GA Onsite Voice and Data Network Services:
- Cat5, Cat5e, Cat6 Voice and Data Cabling Installation & Repair Contracting Services.
- Voice and Data Network Cable Evaluation, Toning, Tag & Locate Services.
- Telco DMARC & T-1 Extensions Services.
- Compliant In Wall, In Ceiling, Concealed Cabling Installation Services.
- Voice and Data Jack Repair Services.
- Telecom PBX & VoIP Cabling & Installation Solutions.
- Router Installs, Set-Up, Diagnosis & Repair Solutions.
- Voice and Data Network Hardware Rack, Patch, Network Switch Infrastructure Installation Services.
- Voice and Data Cable Certification & Speed Testing Services.
- Infrastructure Voice, Data, Wireless Survey & Inside Wiring Upgrades Services.
- Wireless Wifi Access Point Cabling, Installs & Config Services.
- ISP Modem Diagnosis Solutions.
- GREEN Cabling Cleanup and Removal Solutions.
- Voice and Data Cable Management & Rack Clean Up Solutions.
- High Quality White Label Smart Hands Services for MSP’s with Clients in Oakwood and Throughout Georgia.
Oakwood GA’s Reliable Pro Voice & Data Cabling and Low Voltage Inside Wiring Providers.
Dating all the way back to 2008, US Cabling Pros have proudly provided pro on-site voice and data low voltage inside wiring services to local Oakwood clients and residents. Our professional solutions have been utilized by a wide variety of different commercial applications including medical, hospitality, retail and government by a vast array of our clients including general contractors, electrical contractors, third party service providers, retail location managers and business owners who simply need reliable cabling contractors to pull brand-new cabling or perform repair to their existing infrastructure on an ad hoc basis or for complex projects. Our as needed T&M solution is as simple as a call to our office to have a cabling professional onsite for you to take care of any network or telecom wiring task you might need. Give us a phone call now to talk about your existing and future wired networking needs so that we can create a customized inside wiring solution for you or your business. (859) 780-3061.

The holidays are here, it is cold outside, and I want you to give your brain a break from your unproductive multitasking. So, take a deep relaxing breath and let’s exercise your brain! I’m on my third cup of green tea and just had a handful of walnuts with apple slices. YUM! Grab a cup of green tea, coffee, or hot cocoa with some spiced or plain walnuts, almonds, dark chocolate, dark chocolate covered almonds-yummy, or blueberries and let’s workout. Let’s try anagrams with a holiday theme. Remember, anagrams are a great brain exercise and they target problem solving skills, reasoning skills, thought organization, thought flexibility, judgment, and executive function skills. Anagrams are fun for everyone-teens, baby boomers, seniors. Anagrams are a fun brain building activity to boost those brain cells, help form new neural pathways, and build your cognitive reserve. Try these anagrams as a family activity or part of a family game night, compete against friends or office buddies and see who can find the most. Enjoy, laugh, have fun-it’s good for all of us! A healthy heart and body help us maintain a healthy mind.
Here are your anagrams. How many new words can be formed? Share your lists with us and let’s see who can generate the most words!
Now that you have given yourself a well deserved break and exercised your brain, focus on the things important to you during this Christmas, Hanukkah, and Kwanza season. Happy Holidays!

As early as this week, members of the National Association of Letter Carriers could get the terms of a new contract. Whatever a three-man arbitration panel decides, the outcome is sure to furnish fresh evidence of the painful tradeoffs facing labor as the embattled U.S. Postal Service presses to cut personnel costs.
NALC members “understand that difficult things were necessary,” Jim Sauber, the union’s chief of staff, said in an interview today. “But on the other hand, we also want to reward the people who are working harder and have harder jobs.”
The NALC, for example, is proposing to create a new class of lower-paid, non-career employees dubbed “city carrier assistants” that would replace an existing classification known as transitional employees. Although those carrier assistants would earn less than today’s transitional employees, they would get first shot when it comes to applying for career letter carrier jobs, Sauber said.
Under the NALC’s proposal, “both sides kind of get what they wanted,” Sauber said. “Even though the pay is lower, we think it’s going to be a better result for the people who take these jobs.” But in written testimony to the arbitration panel, union President Fredric Rolando underscored that the organization is only reluctantly pursuing this option. “We trust that the panel will appreciate that, but for the present crisis, the concept of a lower paid, non-career letter carrier workforce would be totally unacceptable to the NALC,” he said.
For the arbitration panel, Sauber said, the key issues are now how many non-career employees to allow and how much to pay them. The Postal Service, he said, wants more such employees with lower compensation than the union has proposed. According to Rolando, the Postal Service also wants to freeze wages, eliminate cost-of-living increases and cut benefits for career employees. All three are “completely unacceptable” to the NALC, he said in his testimony posted on the union’s website.
A USPS spokesman, citing standard policy, declined to discuss labor negotiations.
But the NALC isn’t just up against postal leaders intent on more payroll reductions as the agency continues to hemorrhage red ink. The organization is also battling precedent set by previous contract decisions involving two other postal unions. In 2011, the American Postal Workers Union agreed to a two-tier wage system that pays new career employees less. Last July, the National Rural Letter Carriers’ Association had to swallow a similar arrangement under a new contract set by a separate arbitration board.
With about 180,000 employees in its bargaining unit, the NALC is among the largest of the four major postal unions. It has so far successfully fought the Postal Service’s efforts to eliminate most Saturday delivery, a move the agency estimates would save about $2.7 billion a year. But Sauber stressed the union’s work with management to slash the number of routes as mail volume has declined—a step that puts more work on remaining letter carriers.
“We feel like we’ve been a very responsible bargaining partner with the Postal Service,” he said. “We didn’t stick our head in the sand when the crisis hit.” The new contract will replace an agreement that formally expired in November 2011. Rolando’s testimony, incidentally, is noteworthy for the disappointment expressed with the Obama administration, which has endorsed five-day delivery.
The White House, he said, “is like a deer frozen in the headlights on postal issues.” Despite the union’s political support, Obama “has not been of any great help on our critical issues, and we have to own up to that.”

What to look for when hiring a copywriter
Going beyond the portfolio, is there anything else that reveals a copywriter’s ability to do the job? This blog shares some hard-earned experience.
It was Martin Amis who said you could tell if a writer had talent from the first paragraph. Well, the man knows about more than just crafting unlikeable protagonists. He’s right. It’s true.
Forget the CV, what’s their email saying? We’re lucky enough to rank highly when people tap ‘copywriting agency’ into Google. This means we get a fair amount of speculative applications from writers – about five a week. Each one reveals their hand in the way they draft their covering email.
It’s not just their stylistic powers that become obvious. Their choice of what they think will encourage us to take an interest also tells us a lot about their ability to write persuasive copy. Why? Because it reveals their ability to judge what makes a compelling message.
EXCLUSIVE: journo struggles with copywriting Writing ability and the talent for persuasion are not a package deal. Take journalists, for example. We receive requests for work from many of these fellow wordsmiths, yet many don’t have the instinct to persuade. It simply isn’t part of their job spec.
For this reason, they often find copywriting harder than they’d anticipated. After all, most copywriting is sales writing. It demands you put yourself in the position of the audience, figure out what they want, and then deliver it through words.
Employment history gems So, if journalism isn't the best career to pluck your next copywriter from, what is? Well, the following jobs each suggest your writer might possess the skills you’re after.
They've had a sales job...so they’re at least comfortable with the process of selling.
They've been a creative in an advertising agency...so they’re used to conceptual thinking.
They've held a senior marketing role...so they know what clients are trying to achieve and how a piece of writing fits into the overall marketing plan.
They've been a planner...so they understand how to think about audiences and how to position brands.
They've been account managers...so they know how to extract a decent brief.
They've worked in digital agencies…so they’re up on new media.
They've done their time as a barista…so they can make a great pot of coffee when their turn comes around.
Then there’s the foolproof option Finding one copywriter with more than one or two of these qualities is a tricky endeavour. And that’s where copywriting agencies come in. We can bring writers from several backgrounds to the table or simply select the one we think is best suited to the brief. And, don't worry, they’ll all have passed the ‘Amis test’.

This Francis Mallmann-Designed Grill Does the Most: Here's How to Buy One
Here are some key things you need to know about Argentinean chef Francis Mallmann. One, he lives on his own private island in Patagonia. Two, he eats steak every day—sometimes twice a day. And three, the man has very, very specific tastes in grills—a fact that was brought to light today, when Best Made Company unveiled the towering monument to meat he designed for them, as part of a new collaboration with the outdoor lifestyle brand (Mallmann was also recently appointed their creative advisor).
The 130-pound, eight-foot-tall iron structure (pictured above) allows home cooks to sear, simmer, smoke, and roast simultaneously—a feat made possible by its stackable cooktops (a grated grill for flame exposure and a plancha-style flat top for more even heat) and overhead rack (that's where the smoking, or gentle roasting happens). Mallmann's grill works equally well with wood or charcoal, which is important when you love cooking meat over an open flame as much as he does. (In fact, he spends so much time at the grill that the smell of burning smoke has seeped so deeply into his clothes and skin it actually causes problems while traveling. Earlier this year, the chef told Esquire that, on airplanes, passengers will sometimes ask to change seats because the smell is so “pungent.”)
While Mallmann's homage to meat and fire is definitely pricey ($2,298 to be exact), most of the other items in his Best Made Company collaboration are in the $300 to $500 zone. There's his foldable Caravan Chair ($348), for watching meat cook from a comfortable distance, his Gaucho Knife ($198), for slicing a flank steak when it's hot off the grill, and his Leather Log Carrier ($328), which is way more beautiful than something designed specifically for carting wood has any business being. But the best item in the entire lineup may just be Mallmann's $198, satin-lined Laulhere Wool Beret (as seen above), complete with a tiny silver campfire pin. Has any man looked more pensive? Has any hat been jauntier?

In indemnity policies, an insured’s cause of action against an insurer arises when the insured suffers a money loss in order to discharge his liability (e.g., he pays a judgment). Thus, a no-action clause that states that a judgment must have been paid by the insured prior to reimbursement usually indicates that the contract provides indemnity coverage. Even if the policy provides that the insurer will defend all actions against the insured, it will be considered an indemnity policy if it also states that no action will lie against the insurer except for losses actually sustained and paid in money.
In liability policies, an insured’s cause of action against an insurer accrues when the insured’s liability attaches.
Certain provisions, including those that require notice of accidents and claims, require defense of suits by the insurer, and prohibit settlements by the insured, indicate that a policy is one of liability rather than indemnity. In addition, a no-action clause that makes an insurer’s liability conditional upon a judicial determination of liability indicates that the policy is a liability policy.
Some courts hold that a policy against liability for injuries is a liability policy even if certain provisions limit the insurer’s liability to losses paid by the insured to satisfy judgments.
In determining whether an insurance contract is a liability policy or an indemnity policy, the intent of the insured and the insurer, as evidenced by the language used, is paramount. Courts will consider the terms of the entire policy to determine its type. If the policy is ambiguous, it is usually construed as a liability policy.

Roofing is Essential – Our Virtual/Contact Free Inspection Process
During these challenging times, we have fully altered our workflow in support of safety first. The roof security of your property is paramount and with storms being unpredictable The Roof Clinic stands ready and prepared. Roofing is essential and we are here to serve the community by providing VIRTUAL/CONTACT FREE INSPECTIONS which protects both you and our team. Here is how it all works:
Set up Consultation
Contact Free Inspection
Create a Proposal
Screenshare to go over proposal
- Property imagery is pulled prior to the site inspection for inspector evaluation and proposal preparation
- Inspectors will arrive in personal protection gear
- Inspectors will maintain a social distance of 10ft or more from the property owner while inside any property
- Questions and proposals are addressed and discussed via virtual call
Let us know if you have any questions or concerns. We are happy to work within any special parameters. Contact us today.
Get a Free Inspection
Free Leak Detection | Roof Analysis | Claim Analysis
Eric and the Roof Clinic did an amazing job replacing the roof on our home. I cannot thank them enough for the professionalism and outstanding communication throughout the project.
I highly recommend them! 5 Stars!!!
“Honesty, Professionalism and Integrity is what this company is about. Eric and his team knows the business and owns their work. I called Eric for the name of a gutter cleaner for my steep roof. He offered to do it himself! My kind of guy. If you need a replacement or repair, The Roof Clinic is a business that can be trusted.”
“The Roof Clinic replaced my storm damaged roof yesterday. I have no complaints. From the initial assessment, to dealing with my insurance company, to installing the roof, Eric and his team were on top of it every step of the way. I highly recommend this company.”
“We had hail. We called Roof Clinic & Allstate (which always likes to deny). In fact if not for Eric Thomas they would have denied as they were not even gonna get on the roof. He fixed that and got my adjuster ON THE ROOF. We got a new roof. This company is top notch.”

Chuck Luther, Northeast Sales Manager for Triangle Tire USA
Think rolling resistance in commercial truck tires is important now? Just wait until electric and hybrid commercial vehicles become more prevalent. And this will happen sooner than you think!
There are various companies in the latter stages of testing and evaluating “all electric” commercial vehicles. For example, Swedish tech start-up Einride recently revealed its T-log autonomous, all-electric logging truck. The truck doesn’t have a driver’s cab but can be remote-controlled by a human operator from hundreds of miles away using Phantom Auto teleoperation safety technology. Removing the cab enables the company to make the truck smaller, increasing loading capacity, adding flexibility, lowering production and operating costs, and optimizing energy consumption.
As battery prices continue to drop, range increases, and charge times drop, many trucking industry experts view Class 3 – Class 8 vehicle electrification as an increasingly viable option. Urban delivery classes 3 through 6 will likely be the early adopters.
Tires Will Play a Significant Role
The demands of the tires on these vehicles will quite possibly differ from standard or even “Smartway” approved tires. There will be increased emphasis on “roll time” and therefore increased emphasis put on reducing tire rolling resistance.
Tires for any vehicle represent 13% of the rolling resistance of a vehicle. To increase the miles driven on a full battery charge, every aspect of drag needs to be looked at very carefully, including the tires. Tread depth, tread compounding, and casing design all play a part in reducing rolling resistance. We quite possibly will see changes in all three, as well as aspect ratios and tire sizing, for these new electric commercial vehicles.
With the eventual onset of electric commercial vehicles, fleets will be interested in receiving as many miles possible between battery charges. The reduction of tire rolling resistance will be of utmost importance.
Triangle is on It
Triangle Tire is putting tremendous R&D resources into improving tire rolling resistance, as well as developing tires that perform well on the open highway and in tough urban environments.
A good example is the SmartWay-verified TRS02 regional all-position tire. It delivers low rolling resistance, but also excellent traction, long tread wear and resistance to curb damage.
Available in 14 sizes and 14 to 20 ply ratings, the TRS02 epitomizes how global tiremakers like Triangle are continually reducing the compromises between fuel efficiency, tread wear and traction.
As electric commercial vehicles become more and more prevalent, you can count on Triangle Tire to develop tires that optimize their performance.

JAN 13, 2020 | US
BSA Launches State Advocacy Program
Tom Foulkes to lead state-based initiative focused on privacy and workforce policy
WASHINGTON – January 13, 2020 – BSA | The Software Alliance today announced the launch of its first-ever state advocacy program. The initiative comes at a time when lawmakers at all levels are grappling with complex tech issues, and states are becoming more involved in crafting technology policy and regulations.
“BSA has led policy and advocacy efforts at the global and US federal level for more than thirty years. We’re proud to serve as a responsible and trusted advisor on issues ranging from privacy to trade, cybersecurity, and artificial intelligence. Now is the time to make our mark in the states,” said Victoria Espinel, President and CEO of BSA | The Software Alliance. “As states move forward on issues that impact software, it’s important for BSA to engage with state policymakers to help craft smart, effective long-term solutions that provide a high standard of protection for consumer rights. The launch of BSA’s state advocacy program is an opportunity for us to expand and deepen our engagement on issues that impact the software industry.”
Over the past few years, California, Washington, New York, and several other states have become increasingly involved in driving consumer privacy legislation. BSA’s state advocacy program will focus on privacy and workforce development.
Consumers deserve modern privacy rules where they can control their data and trust how it is used. BSA is committed to finding a lasting privacy solution – one that is satisfying for consumers, business, and governments. BSA member companies don’t rely on monetization of data and therefore support strong privacy protections. Clear, comprehensive legislation that protects consumer rights is the best path forward.
As the software industry continues to drive growth and innovation across the country, workforce development has become a higher priority for state governments. In 2018 alone, the software industry supported 14.4 million US jobs and contributed $1.6 trillion in value-added GDP to the national economy. BSA will work with state leaders to support initiatives to ensure that people of all backgrounds in all areas of the country can take advantage of these job opportunities.
The state effort will be led by Tom Foulkes, who joins BSA today as Senior Director of State Advocacy. Based in Washington, DC, Tom will work closely with BSA’s legislative strategy and policy teams to build out the program, representing BSA and its member companies before state legislatures, agencies, and relevant coalitions. Tom comes to BSA from the Entertainment Software Association (ESA) in Washington, DC, where as Vice President, State Government Affairs since 2011, he was the lead advocate representing all state and local-level policy issues impacting the domestic computer and video game industry.
“We’re thrilled to have Tom join the BSA team,” said Craig Albright, Vice President, Legislative Strategy at BSA | The Software Alliance. “Tom’s many years of experience managing national state advocacy programs will be invaluable as we work to expand BSA’s visibility and impact at the state level.”
Explore BSA’s policy priorities here.
ACERCA DE BSA
BSA | The Software Alliance (www.bsa.org) es el principal defensor de la industria global del software ante los gobiernos y en el mercado internacional. Sus miembros se encuentran entre las compañías más innovadoras del mundo, creando soluciones de software que impulsan la economía y mejoran la vida moderna.
Con sede central en Washington, DC y operaciones en más de 30 países, BSA es pionera en programas de cumplimiento normativo diseñados para fomentar el uso legal de software, y apoya políticas públicas que incentivan la innovación tecnológica e impulsan el crecimiento de la economía digital.

750ml PET Bottle
|Region||United States, Kentucky|
Classic. Clean. Smooth. Quadruple distilled to be smooth and distinctive.
A clean, neutral, smooth vodka through and through, and a good value to boot. Note: Burnett's also makes a delicious lime-flavored vodka.

Traversing the Kentucky Bourbon Trail® and the Kentucky Bourbon Trail Craft Tour® is an experience worth the trip. Before BDC announced our partnership with more than a dozen distilleries across the state, I spent multiple weeks in 2018 on location in Kentucky touring 20+ of some of the world’s most recognized and respected birthplaces of bourbon. For research and development, of course.
To be honest, aside from a quick visit in 2015 to Jameson Distillery Bow St. in Dublin, I had never visited a proper distillery. And, with BDC’s forthcoming relationships with some of Kentucky’s biggest stakeholders, I knew that I had better know what I was going to have to talk about. Essentially, I had to walk the walk. And I enjoyed every step of the way.
Coming from a Certified Cicerone® who’s fluent in beer, diving into this otherwise unfamiliar world of bourbon and spirits was a welcomed challenge—it felt like I got to learn an entirely new language taught by the masters of the art. Words that I got to smell, taste, and now can use with decent fluency.
Kentucky takes their bourbon very seriously. As they should. Fun facts: Approximately 95% of the WORLD’S bourbon is distilled in The Bluegrass State. And, with a population of 4.3 million, there are almost two barrels of bourbon aging in deliciously-smelling rickhouses across KY’s landscape for every person living in the state. That amount of anything is impressive.
With so much significant history rooted in bourbon, Kentuckians not only respect it, but they go to great lengths to create an environment where you—the enthusiast, the tourist, and even the local—learn to respect it, too. For the uninitiated, I recommend starting your tour to bourbon at Frazier History Museum in downtown Louisville [say it with me, bonus points if you can nail it in two syllables or less: “LOO-uh-vull”].
The Frazier’s Spirit of Kentucky is an immersive exhibition that sets you up for success in becoming bilingual in bourbon. And, whether you hit it on your way in or out, the Frazier’s newly renovated Welcome Center is a must if you need any trusted help navigating how to tackle bourbon country—including its culinary and nightlife scenes. If you have the luxury of time, give yourself at least a week to cover the expansive ground that connects KY’s distilleries. Some require an investment in drive time, many of which are worth the gas money. If group excursions are your jam, book a professional and reliable day trip with Mint Julep Tours.
Generally speaking, distillery tours across KY last about one hour, well invested. Many distilleries boast beautifully crafted welcome centers. These are the hubs of where your tour starts and often ends. Follow the casual formalities of checking in (don’t leave your ID at home, folks), and then your tour guide will take care of the rest.
Without fail, education was at the forefront of every tour I took. Stories of historic influencers, natural terroir, and the “why” behind what makes every batch of bourbon so unique takes special precedence. Enjoy the ride, and don’t worry—the bourbon is coming.
Each tour culminates with a tasting of between two and four or five different “expressions,” totaling no more than the state maximum of 1.75 oz per person per distillery per day. Got it? Good. Sometimes, if you’re at the right place at the right time, you’ll get treated to something special or rare. Savor these moments.
Each tasting format varies slightly. The ones that knock it out of the park are led by guides who ease everyone into each sip with knowledge and expectation, are inclusive of those who aren’t partaking, are complemented with some sort of modest food or chocolate pairing, and offer water by default—and teach you why and how KY’s limestone-rich H2O makes such a difference. A glass of it will also come in handy in case you’re unfamiliar with the infamous, yet loving “Kentucky Hug.”
Visiting KY and want deeper advice? Holler at us on Twitter @BetterDrinkingCulture, and I’d be happy to share some of my personal, favorite moments and a few pro tips for making the most out of your own bourbon experience.
Jason Ley, CEO

That's how I would describe these rich, chocolatey desserts! The recipe made six 4 1/2 inch tartlets, and 1/3 of one satisfied my typically-large sweet tooth. Wow, so rich.
This is my second recipe with the Tuesdays With Dorie group, and again, I've had a blast! Today's hosts are Steph of A Whisk and a Spoon, Spike of Spike Bakes, Jaime of Good Eats and Sweet Treats, and Jessica of cookbookhabit. Please visit one of their blogs for the recipe and some fantastic photographs of their baking adventures!
The recipe was easy to follow and it fairly warned the reader of what to expect with the crumbly chocolate dough. I appreciated that when I found myself handling a pile of what seemed to be dry crumbs! Sure enough, with patience and persistence, the dough came together beautifully, and was surprisingly easy to roll after some time in the fridge.
The filling is divine, with chunks of milk chocolate, white chocolate, and biscotti. Again, so rich!
My kids think anything sprinkled with powdered sugar is extra fancy, so I dusted on a bit before serving. Since we each only ate a portion of a tartlet, we're all looking forward to "seconds" tonight for dessert!
The recipe for Chocolate Truffle Tartlets, by contributing baker David Ogonowski, can also be found in Baking With Julia, by Dorie Greenspan, the cookbook the Tuesdays With Dorie group is baking through. :)

Local Movies, many shot in Rye and District in the 1960’s will be coming to this website shortly.
Literally hundreds of local people are featured in the films, which cover many aspects of Rye life from Bonfire Nights to Rye Sports. There are parades past the Town Hall, local soccer teams in action, cycling time trials on the roads of kent, dramatic snow shots from the hard winter of 1963 when the sea froze and many more outstanding events.
These films were mainly shot on Standard 8 film which has been enhanced to an acceptable quality.
These are stills from one of the first films that will be featured. Fishing from Rye includes many local fishermen and their boats that were fishing out of Rye in the sixties.
“Rye’s Own” is looking for more local film and video from the 50’s, 60’s, 70’s, 80’s, and 90’s also up to date video from phones and cameras. Contact me at [email protected]
All articles, photographs and drawings on this web site are World Copyright Protected. No reproduction for publication without prior arrangement. © World Copyright 2015 Cinque Ports Magazines Rye Ltd., Guinea Hall Lodge Sellindge TN25 6EG

You might have 5 huge desires a part of their exceptional enrollment, therefore you can submit 5 ice-breaker email messages to matches before they will have swiped on visibility.
That’s helpful, because whatever you say inside Tinder articles could lure that visitors to swipe appropriate each time they may possibly not have if not.
Reported by Tinder, by using the articles Before comparable functionality improves the likelihood of your complimentary thereupon person by 25per cent.
Tinder prioritizes wants and ultra desires from a Platinum buyer, meaning your possibilities matches see their profile provider content from the different non-subscribers.
Platinum was launched in the past 50 per cent of 2020, but doesn’t have a world-wide rollout but. Numerous price ranges will still be getting evaluated, which means your location partially get the price.
To provide a ballpark thought of exactly how much Tinder Platinum expenses, this expense was which may a person over 30 sexfinder strategies in Maryland:
The cost every month ount of the time your own registration is certainly. In this situation, the expense of Tinder Platinum achieve from $ to $ monthly. If you should be under 30, you will pay a bit less.
Tinder Platinum truly could be the outstanding account range, making sure thatis the highest listed. Furthermore numerous feature-heavy, trained with covers other advantages of those two additional options.
Besides appreciate, undoubtedly is the better distinction between Tinder Platinum and Tinder coins can be capacity to writing before free and receiving prioritized likes.
And just gap (rates besides) between Tinder Gold and Tinder benefit might capacity to head to (and match with) any individual which chosen each one of you concurrently and entire using your own personal best selections.
Tinder On top of that provides the rest of the remarkable bells & whistles, from upgrading your local area to a totally free of fee Increase on a monthly basis.
Tinder Platinum is definitely worth they when you’re partnership in an area you deal with many challenge to discover the best joins.
Achievements on Tinder imply bringing in focus in an effective way. Your personal photos, your biography whilst the texting skills are actually a massive an integral part of that. But Tinder Platinum contributes two different options to scoot yours shape towards side of selection.
Coordinating en-masse via Tinder’s a?likes onea? grid point of view makes it possible to help save swiping affair. And complete use of your specifically curated leading decisions are a convenient perk.
You need to use trips data to swipe in areas within your online dating sites distance, and stopping for energetic people was a time-saving positive.
Positive, restricting your visibility’s presence to simply the solitary gents and ladies an individual swipe on might affect your very own healthy costs. Additionally it can help you cut from maybe awkward times if you’re in an inferior area also need a https://datingmentor.org/nl/hornet-overzicht/ much more public-facing work.
These days, Tinder Platinum is only granted as an enhancement for Tinder benefit and Tinder golden people in choose marketplaces. So when you can’t see Tinder Platinum, it’s both not available inside nation but and/or you’re not paid down client.
You’ve 140 people to do business with inside icebreaker, providing you with sufficient space so as to make a great first feel. Incorporate one of these brilliant displayed Tinder openers receive that Tinder chat founded!
Others Tinder advanced benefit, prioritized needs, approaches people you love or Brilliant Like recognizes your shape considerably quicker.
While precisely how Tinder establishes your own house in a user’s notes pile is still an exchange key, the geographic length to each and every encouraging support the very own internal rating likely bring an enormous role.
Thus including, let’s declare their *really* want to match with Heather. Whether your own Tinder form is very close and you are clearly just one fourth kilometer far from their, she will most likely head to your presence easily.
However, if it is best common and/or you are anywhere, Heather are swiping well before your personal arises. At the same time, she is matching and texting with many extra dudes.
Getting your a?likea? prioritized enable perfected both distance and a lowered score (AKA Elo) score. The earlier some one thinks your personal profile appropriate, the main good thing about the top top priority favors strength.
Certainly, Tinder Platinum just isn’t an awesome fix for mediocrity. Their profile nonetheless should really be right swipe rewarding to result in a match. If you feel your own personal Tinder ranking calls for enhancement, visit these Tinder webpage tips and some advice!
Whether you have Tinder at no cost or purchase sensibly minimal account, Tinder remains a twin opt-in matchmaking plan. Therefore:
Tinder Platinum becomes their own shape before all of them faster, but at long last the matching basketball is at his/her test. If you are not sure ideas improve your very own webpage to attract the sort of single women and men you want to experience, Tinder can get annoying right away.
نشانی ایمیل شما منتشر نخواهد شد. بخشهای موردنیاز علامتگذاری شدهاند *
ذخیره نام، ایمیل و وبسایت من در مرورگر برای زمانی که دوباره دیدگاهی مینویسم.

Traditional / arr. Jason Baker
Instrumentation: Glockenspiel, Xylophone, Vibraphone, Marimba—low A*, Snare drum
Note: These pieces are also playable as a snare drum solo using audo accompaniment tracks (included). If choosing to perform them in this mannor, a playback device and amplification system will be required.
Veteran composer Jason Baker has a passion for 18th and 19th century American fife and drum music that is well represented in Old Tyme Muster. Inspired by medleys of tunes that are often performed by fife and drum corps at annual “muster” gatherings throughout the summer, this fun and historically significant collection is scored for snare drum soloist and mallet quintet. The three pieces contained within are creative combinations of tunes that date all the way back to the 1800s. Ironically, the snare drum writing is not soloistic in nature, acting almost exclusively as accompaniment to the keyboard percussion.
Old Tyme Muster comes as a full, bound score and includes a CD-ROM containing an audio recording and all individual parts available for printing. The CD-ROM also includes optional solo audio accompaniment tracks (minus snare drum) allowing the snare drummer to perform the pieces without mallet players. This makes for a great option for recitals, juries, lessons, or even as a morning warm-up!

Written by Choco Bear
One of the coolest things to happen to me since I started hanging around CHOC Children’s is getting my portrait professionally drawn.
Through the decades, a couple different versions of my likeness have been featured at CHOC, but the most special is the original drawing created by Disney artist Bob Moore.
More than 50 years ago, Bob first drew my portrait, expertly capturing my happy smile and arm bandage.
“I didn’t want to make him a scary bear for the kids, and I thought the bandage would be cute, something the children would remember,” Bob said. “The bandage was placed on the left arm, to be closest to the heart.”
The Disney connection should come as no surprise given that Walt Disney served on CHOC’s original board of directors. And the influence is pretty visible in my original portrait: Do those ears remind you of anyone else you might know?
According to Bob’s biography on the official Disney fan club website, he first joined Disney in 1940 as an illustrator apprentice. Later, Bob created promotional images for Disney movies and theme parks.
And fittingly for his work with CHOC, Bob was also an M.D. – well, sort of.
He was the only Disney artist to have these initials added after his last name. They stand for “mouse drawer.”

NewsFeed reported Wednesday about Google generously offering a 10% across-the-board pay raise. But in a grim twist, the employee who leaked this good news story has just lost 100% of his/her salary.
CNNMoney reports that Google CEO Eric Schmidt’s memo was obtained by Fortune and leaked to Business Insider, which broke the news. Yet within hours, Google told staff that it had terminated the leaker.
It’s believed that the bonuses — all 25,000 employees will get a $1,000 bonus for Christmas expenses, with Google paying any tax due and the 10% hike kicks in on Jan. 1 — were implemented to avoid poaching. Just in the past few weeks, Google has waved goodbye to YouTube co-founder and CEO Chad Hurley, AdMob co-founder Omar Hamoui, and Google Maps and Wave creator Lars Rasmussen.
The unnamed leaker now joins the above on the farewell list though presumably can’t be too happy about it. No news is good news, goes the phrase, and Google clearly didn’t want it shared with the wider world.

Para quem estuda processos de integração, segue interessante notícia sobre uma recente União Aduaneira da Eurásia, capitaneada, naturalmente, pela Rússia. Achei o artigo, no mínimo, curioso!
É… a memória da hegemonia soviética nunca esteve tão viva!
Medvedev Urges Eurasec Observer States to Join Customs Union
The countries that have observer status in the Russian-led Eurasian Economic Community (Eurasec) would benefit from joining the Customs Union, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said on Monday.
“We have said that we are forming the Customs Union and spoke about the advantages (of membership), and of certain disadvantages that may emerge and are already emerging for states that are not members of the Customs Union,” Medvedev said after a meeting of the Eurasec Interstate Council in Moscow on Tuesday.
The meeting was attended by the presidents of Eurasec members Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan, as well as the leaders of Eurasec observer states Armenia, Moldova and Ukraine.
Russia would like to see Ukraine join the Customs Union. Last October Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin urged Ukraine to forget “its political phobias of the past, look to the future,” and join the Customs Union.
Kiev has so far declined to join the Customs Union, but said that it is willing to cooperate on a ‘3+1’ basis – an option that has been rejected by Moscow.
Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan are members of the Customs Union. In November, the presidents of those three countries signed a declaration on Eurasian economic integration, a roadmap for integration processes aimed at creating a Eurasian Economic Union, which will be based on the Customs Union and common economic space of the three countries.
The Russian president also said that the final agreement on formation of the Eurasian Economic Union could be signed on January 1, 2015, while the next meeting of the Interstate Council of Eurasec could take place in May this year.
Commenting on Medvedev’s statement concerning benefits from membership in the Customs Union, Ukrainian First Deputy Prime Minister Valeriy Khoroshkovskiy said Ukraine would switch to other markets if it faces trade limits with neighboring countries.

When you look at a commercial or retail property for the first time, it is important to review the leases and the tenant mix. In a property with multiple tenants it can be a complex and daunting task. In such case the only way to really get the job done well is to use a checklist approach. When you follow a list process you can go through many leases and tenant situations with ease. Here are some tips from our Newsletter.
So why would you want to check the tenant mix and the leases? You should be looking for occupancy issues that are relevant to each tenant and ensuring that those occupancy issues agree with what you are seeing in the property.
Here are some ideas to help you establish your lease and tenant mix review process. You can add to this list given your property type and location.
- Get the names of the tenants and make sure that they agree with the tenant positioning that you have observed in the property. What you are looking for is any situations of unauthorised or undocumented occupancy. As part of that process you could find some sub-tenants, assignments of lease, lease alterations, and many other changes within the property. They will all need to be checked out. Whatever issue you find, ask for the supporting documentation as proof of the current situation.
- Ensure that the lease description corresponds to the tenancy location and the permitted use for the premises. Is the tenant using the premises in accordance with the lease terms and conditions? When in doubt go to the lease for the details. Any sub-tenant or assignment situation should also be in compliance to the terms of the lease.
- Review all the leases for critical dates. They are the dates relating to things that have to be done between the tenant and the landlord. Most particularly they are rent reviews, options, lease expiry dates, renovation provisions, and insurance obligations.
- Check out the outgoings that should be paid under the terms of the lease for each tenant. Make sure that all outgoings charges and payments are in accordance with the leases in all respects.
- Make sure that the current rents for each tenant are in balance and accurate for the lease for each tenant. Ask about any arrears that could be outstanding and why that is the case.
- In a property with a large number of tenants it pays to look at how the overall property performs with the tenants in current locations. Look at the tenant clusters to see how they work. Some of those clusters may be impacted by relocations or renovations in the property.
The reviewing of the tenant mix is a hands-on issue that should be personally undertaken. It has to be done with great accuracy before you do anything else in the property. Learn to read and interpret property leases. You will also find that a checklist will help keep you on track.
Like to know more about leases and tenant mix? You can get more detail in our Newsletter.

According to new data, threat actors attacked businesses more than 722 million times during the last 30 days worldwide. Over 73% of these hacking attempts were malware attacks.
Atlas VPN has retrieved and arranged data from Akamai, a cybersecurity behemoth that delivers real-time data on cyberattacks affecting their business clients. Being one of the world’s largest distributed computing platforms, Akamai catches a considerable number of threats. Currently, they are in charge of servicing between 15% and 30% of all web traffic worldwide. Hence, the real number of harmful threats enterprises face on a daily basis might be drastically higher.
The threat types in the report are divided into three categories: malware, phishing, and command and control (C&C) attacks. Most internet users know what malware and phishing attacks are, but that is not necessarily the case for C&C threats.
In short, command & control attacks attempt to take over control of a system and then steal or delete data. C&C attacks can also be used as a part of a phishing scam or a way to infect the network with malware.
Now, let’s jump back into dissecting the data. As mentioned before, a total of 722 million attacks were mitigated in the last 30 days, which comes out to nearly 23 million threats daily.
Akamai mitigated over 527 million malware threats in the last 30 days alone. Nearly three-fourths of all threats encountered by companies were malware attacks.
Command & control cyber-attacks are also a major concern. Threat actors dispatched a total of 157 million C&C attacks, which represents 22% of all threats. On average, enterprises encountered 4.9 million C&C threats daily.
Finally, phishing attacks were found least often, but they still total 28 million attacks per month or 1.2 million hacking attempts daily. Phishing attacks comprised only 5% of the total volume of threats.
Apart from analyzing the data by totals, percentages, and averages, we wanted to find out if global threats follow any type of trend.
Interestingly, it appears that fraudsters and organized crime groups have a similar schedule to the one in regular office jobs – 5 days on, 2 off. Yet, their days off are usually on Thursday and Friday. You can see this trend quite clearly by glancing at the second chart.
The highest number of threats mitigated appeared on November 30, 2021, when organized crime groups dispatched 26.84 million hacking attempts.
In contrast, November 11, 2021, was the least active day for threat actors, as mitigated cyber-attacks stood at 17.64 million.
Finally, even though the figures are staggering, it only represents a small fraction of the attacks that actually occur on a day-to-day basis globally.
One of the most effective security practices
We know that nearly all businesses will be attacked by a variety of attacks at one point or another. For some enterprises, a barrage of attacks every single day is the norm.
We assume that most companies provide sufficient security training to their workers. However, we would like to share a less-known security practice that might be one of the most effective ways to increase security awareness within the organization.
The name of the game is internal phishing tests.
Don’t wait for your employees to fall for phishing threats. Carry out one or several tests to find out how cautious workers actually are.
Phishing tests can be run by either an in-house team or by hiring a cybersecurity company that specializes in this particular type of vulnerability testing.
Don’t be surprised if over 10% of employees submit their login credentials to a well-crafted phishing campaign.
Interestingly, even workers who went through a cybersecurity training program are subject to getting duped.
This is why internal phishing tests are so powerful. Falling for a phishing attack is one of the experiences that leave a long-lasting effect.

The Center is an established community service, nonprofit organization in the greater Wichita Falls area. We are committed to providing women and men with accurate, up-to-date information in order to make wise decisions through consultations, material provisions, education, and restoration of relationships.
Because everyone should have access to this information, all of our services are free of charge.
The Center respects your right to privacy. All communication is kept strictly confidential. If you are facing an unplanned pregnancy and have questions or would like to talk with a trained, option consultant, please Contact Us or call us at 940-322-4883 or visit The Center, 4011 Seymour Hwy., Wichita Falls, TX

Top 10 Holiday Gift Ideas | Day 7: LaunchPort Inductive Charging & Mounting System
If you think you can't improve upon the iPad, think again. LaunchPort is a revolutionary new way to mount and charge your iPad, virtually anywhere. The LaunchPort system consists of a PowerShuttle and any number of Stations. A PowerShuttle is a sleeve-style case that fits onto your iPad. There are two types of Stations:
- A BaseStation is the tabletop mount and charging unit that interacts with a PowerShuttle.
- A WallStation is the wall mount and charging unit that interacts with a PowerShuttle.
- A LaunchPort System requires a PowerShuttle and at least one Station.
The LaunchPort PowerShuttle for iPad 2 is a sleeve-style, soft touch black (or white) case. It securely holds iPad 2 and is used to mount to either the BaseStation and/or WallStation. It has a built-in wave guide for the iPad 2 speaker that allows the sound to be directed back at you for a better media experience. It’s equipped with a Mini USB port for charging and syncing on the go. Because the PowerShuttle contains magnets, you can also mount it to any metallic surface
The BaseStation allows you to mount your iPad 2 to a table top to use and charge. The induction mounting and charging node provides a connection point for a PowerShuttle. Made of brushed aluminum, the BaseStation looks great with all your Apple products.
The LaunchPort WallStation provides a home for your iPad 2 on the wall. It securely mounts and charges your iPad 2 using a LaunchPort PowerShuttle. The WallStation was designed so that anyone can install one in their home. The WallStation uses inductive charging and magnetic mounting, providing effortless mounting and charging, without wires. The LaunchPort WallStation transforms your wall into an information center, gallery, video conferencing center, or whatever else you can imagine.
How Does It Work?
LaunchPort uses induction which means as soon as an iPad with a PowerShuttle is mounted to a Station, charging begins immediately- without a 30-pin cable or conductive elements. Magnets are used to mount and affix your iPad in its PowerShuttle to a Station. The tabletop BaseStation only uses some of the magnets in the LaunchPort system, making it easier to grab and go. The WallStation uses all magnets in the system for secure and safe mounting. The magnets are located on the PowerShuttle case which means you can also mount it to any metallic surface like a refrigerator or work bench.
How do I install a LaunchPort system?
A LaunchPort BaseStation and PowerShuttle requires no installation. Simply slip on a PowerShuttle and plug your BaseStation into a wall outlet and you are set up. For the LaunchPort WallStation, installation is required. Installation is designed so that most people can perform on their own. If installation in an atypical setting, or if you are uncomfortable performing this installation on your own. Click here to view the WallStation installation video.
Not fully convinced? Come check out how it works in person!

Roll With It
You find yourself in a dungeon. Monsters lurk in the shadows (crushing loneliness, endless Zoom meetings, your long overdue break up with your boyfriend who hates you). All you have left is your intrepid adventure party and your elaborate role-playing campaign… which is about to be destroyed by a new kid who doesn’t know a d20 from a Demogorgon.
This inventive new comedy takes us from the depths of the mundane to the heights of high fantasy, all from the POV of one laptop screen.
we mean you no harm

Anton Vanderpas. 91, a long time resident of Grayslake, passed away Monday, January 27, 2020 at Winchester House in Libertyville, IL. He was born November 24, 1928 in the Netherlands to Hendrikus and Lamberdina Vanderpas. Anton was a member of St. Gilbert Catholic Church and Choir for over 40 years. He was a landscaper and enjoyed the outdoors but what he loved most was his children and grandchildren . Anton is survived his children Bill Vanderpas, Mary Radzik, Jeanette (Cliff) Plencner, Debbie (Steve) Brzezinski, and Paul (Karen) Vanderpas, his grandchildren Ryan Radzik, Jenny (Eric) Prostka, Toni (Brad) Klein, Chris (Laura) Plencner, Jessica (Dave) Gould, Brittany Brzezinski, Scott (Danielle) Brzezinski, Jessica Seilheimer, Hallie Vanderpas, and Matthew Vanderpas, his great-grandchildren Caleb and Aubrey Prostka, Elle and Declan Klein, Callie Seilheimer, Carter and Madelyn Gould, and Evelyn and Lucas Plencner, his siblings Augustine, Henrita, Lamberdine, and Albert (Tonny) Vanderpas. He was preceded in death by his parents; his wife, Antonia “Toni” Vanderpas; his son-in-law, Richard Radzik; and his siblings, Serena, Servatia, Chris and Jos Vanderpas. A visitation and funeral service is scheduled for Saturday, February 1, 2020 from 9:00am to 11:00am at Strang Funeral Chapel & Crematorium 410 E. Belvidere Rd. Grayslake, IL 60030 with a funeral service commencing at 11:00am. Interment will immediately follow at Ascension Catholic Cemetery in Libertyville, IL. In lieu of flowers memorial donations may be made to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation (https://www.cff.org/). For more information please log onto www.strangfuneral.org or contact (847)223-8122.

Limited edition Fine Art Print printed on Giclée Hahnemühle Pearl.
Three sizes available.
About the artwork
Moon halo illuminating a frozen landscape in Lofoten Islands in Norway.
Artwork by Isabella Tabacchi.
All our artworks are exclusive certified limited editions. These are the editions available for each size.
69.8 cm x 110.0 cm, 27.5 inches x 43.3 inches - Limited edition of 5
49.0 cm x 76.0 cm, 19.3 inches x 29.9 inches - Limited edition of 10
25.9 cm x 40.0 cm, 10.2 inches x 15.7 inches - Limited edition of 25
Worldwide with DHL. The shipping cost is always $ 9, no matter where you live.
Our Giclèe Fine Art prints are sent with the certificate of authenticity, signed by the artist.
80 years. Our Giclèe Fine Art prints have a long life.

Feminine and sophisticated, the Tambour Moon Dual Time Black & White watch provides a contemporary expression of the art of travel. Thanks to a 24-hour display, both local and home times are clearly readable on its attractive concave dial, whose printed Monogram Flowers combine with a flower-shaped GMT hand to evoke Louis Vuitton’s heritage. The dial’s concave design and its sunray-brushed surface create delicate plays of light.
Polished stainless steel case
Case diameter: 39.5 mm/1.6 inches
Case thickness: 10.23 mm/0.4 inches
Back with engraved LV logo
Sunray-brushed concave dial with printed Louis Vuitton flowers and polished golden indexes
Two-tone black and white flange with polished golden numerals and Louis Vuitton logo
Polished golden hands, Louis Vuitton flower-shaped GMT indicator
Functions: hours, minutes, GMT
Interchangeable Epi leather strap
Stainless steel Ardillon buckle
Water resistant to 50 m
2-year international limited guarantee on the watches (specific rights may apply for certain countries). You can consult the Warranty for additional information.
For any questions regarding the Louis Vuitton quartz watches' use and settings, you can refer to the user guide.

Sounds great, thanks. I might try that fried bluefish in a fish taco or a po' boy. Juicy fish, lots of flavor, not for people who don't like 'fishy' fish. I try to remove the blood line to control the fishy taste for those who object.
My baked recipe is Legal Seafood's Baked Bluefish in Mustard Sauce. The sauce is 3/4 c. mayo, 1/4 c. dijon, 1/4 c. horseradish, 2 T minced onion, 2 T minced parsley, worcestershire and tabasco to taste. That's enough for 2 lbs of fish. Cut fish in serving portions, spread sauce on top, bake for 15 min at 450F. Just like at the restaurant.
I thought the idea of mayonnaise on bluefish was weird, but when I was a kid on vacation on Cape Cod, we got a whole bluefish from someone next door who caught a hefty bag full of them. He said to split it in half, cover it with mayo and bake it until it's done. One of the best fish meals I ever had. You're right; freshness matters.

London Soundproof Windows
London Soundproof windows works hard to provide you and the London surrounding area with a quieter and more relaxing environment. Contact us today to learn more.
Reduce outside noise by up to 70% through your existing windows
How does noise travel through your windows?
- Sound vibrates from the outside which conducts noise leading to increased internal noise.
- Leaky windows and poor seals will cause air infiltration between window joints.
To reduce sound infiltration a window system should have minimal air infiltration, possess an insulating air cavity and have enough weight to limit acoustic vibration.
Magnetite Canada’s Answer
London Soundproof windows double glazing retrofit system is unique and is designed specifically as an interior and secondary system. We magnetically attach a virgin acrylic grade glazing panel to the interior of your existing window. This creates an airtight cavity between the window and your Magnetite system.
The air cavity acts as an insulation buffer against noise transference and seals air infiltration and drafts, which cause noise. Our product has been CSA tested to allow virtually zero air infiltration. London Soundproof windows
Whether you own a historical home or a brand new condo near a busy street, Magnetite insulating panels can make your life more comfortable. Magnetite focuses on upgrading the performance of your existing windows doors and skylights. Magnetite’s retrofit system provides all the benefit of double glazing without the hassle of replacement windows. We offer a range of products in the London area to help insulate your home or office against noise from nearby highways.
Our integrated approach includes assessing the existing windows and doors, designing the best retrofit solution and delivering the result through an efficient installation. As part of our customized solution, we are tailoring the thickness of glazing and air cavity to fit your requirement for noise and thermal insulation.
If you were at a London Knights game you might not mind the loud noise but when your trying to get some well needed sleep it’s another story. Due to the principals of glass, your windows are the greatest conductor of noise in a building. If your London home or office is near a train; or busy highway you are aware of noise pollution which can impact your quality of life. This also has a detrimental affect on your comfort, property value and health.
Magnetite Canada’s retrofit double glazing is a simple and affordable way to solve these noise problems.
In many homes in the London area windows are a major feature of the building. From any view they reveal to the natural light they let in. Conversely, windows can also let in too much noise, heat or cold. With over 15 years of experience, Magnetite has been helping home owners reduce noise, heat and cold, while retaining the character of their homes. As a secondary window system with no structural changes required, Magnetite is the ideal solution for strata (a term used in Western Canada & US), apartment living or heritage properties. Residential case studies
Through extensive testing done with Natural Resources Canada in Milton we help create building efficiency and improve the comfort of existing buildings by reducing the energy use and noise penetration in that building. With extensive knowledge and experience in glazing requirements, our customised solutions can assist you in achieving the best results on your project. Magnetite has been involved with noise and thermal insulation in commercial projects for hospital, hotels, schools, office building, restaurant, heritage listed properties and government building. Commercial case studies
London Ontario, Canada

Ghana Nsem is a newly introduced morning show on Dofopa 105.1 FM hosted by Louis Owusu-Koranteng popularly known as “Mantse“.
He has expressed his profound gratitude to all listeners and viewers for tuneing in since the show started on Monday 17th August, 2020.
The show focused on the Motivational messages, Sports, News paper review, constituencies highlights and getting on board the assembly members of the Ayawaso Central Constituency since that is where Dofopa 105.1 Fm is situated.
Connecting with our community first was key to give people the chance to recognize the presence of Dofopa Fm .
Comments from all the social media handles ( Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and WhatsApp) has proved that listeners loved the program and would not miss it for any reason.
Therefore Ghana Nsem is here to serve the country at large. Tune in at all times and send in your comments and problems and with this bigger platform, the problem will be dealt with.
Ghana Nsem, we are sojourning on for God and Country.

Be with me, God. I feel so lost. I can't seem to escape the dark cloud
that is hanging over me today. Help me, God. Give me strength
to combat despair and fear. Show me how to put my pain
into perspective. Teach me to have faith in the new day
that is coming. Thank you, God, for today's blessings,
for tomorrow's hope, and for Your abiding love.
Teach me always to believe in my power to return to life, to hope, and to You, God,
no matter what pains I have endured, no matter how far I have strayed from You.
Give me the strength to resurrect my weary spirit.
Revive me, God, so I can embrace life once more
in joy, in passion, in peace.
When I feel tainted, God, remind me that I am holy.
When I feel weak, teach me that I am strong.
When I am shattered, assure me that I can heal.
When I am weary, renew my spirit.
When I am lost, show me that you are near.
May God heal you, body and soul.
May your pain cease,
May your strength increase,
May your fears be released,
May blessings, love and joy surround you.
-Rabbi Naomi Levy
Talking to God: Personal Prayers for Times of Joy, Sadness, Struggle and Celebration
God, make me brave for life: oh, braver than this.
Let me straighten after pain, as a tree straightens after the rain,
Shining and lovely again.
God, make me brave for life: much braver than this.
As the blown grass lifts, let me rise from sorrow with quiet eyes,
Knowing Thy way is wise.
God, make me brave, life brings such blinding things.
Help me to keep my sight; help me to see aright
That out of doubt comes light.
-Author unknown, from Prayers for Healing, ed. Maggie Oman
Healing is both an exercise
and an understanding
And yet not of the will
nor of the intention
It is a wisdom
and a deeper knowledge
of the daily swing
of life and death
in all creation.
There is defeat
and acceptance of living
to be established
there must be hope.
Not the hope of healing
but the hope which informs
the coming moment and gives it reason.
The hope which is
each person's breath
the certainty of love
and of loving.
Death may live in the living
And healing rise in the dying
for whom the natural end
is part of the gathering
and the harvest to be expected
To know healing is to know that all life is one.
From the East End Temple's Service of Healing

Within the last few decades, there has been an exponential growth in technologies and process interdependencies within organisations. The period has additionally witnessed accelerated incidences of disasters. Despite operating with tightly interdependent processes and complex technologies where failures could potentially result in disasters, high reliability organisations have continued to record high levels of performance in organisational reliability and safety. Given the increasing havoc wrecked by disasters on organisations, people, and the environment, a framework is required to transfer learnings from high reliability organisations to diverse organisations. This research investigates the extent to which the reliability of organisations can be measured, and the extent to which this measurement can be applied to diverse organisations. Research on high reliability organisations have been mostly conducted through theoretical abstraction and mostly performed in single organisations, with little empirical evidence to support the generalizability of the conclusions. They have been mostly reactive, analysing incidents after the fact, often with retrospective predictability. This research used a mixed methods approach to study eight organisations, in three industries. It combined the objectivity of the survey strategy with the subjectivity of in-depth interviews to obtain balanced data sets that best serves its exploratory nature. It proposed the organisational reliability maturity model that defines baseline measurements and tracks the progression of organisations through different maturity levels. It developed a framework for organisational reliability maturity to identify organisational maturity levels, predict improvement or regressive potentials, benchmark organisations, and develop processes for organisational learning and performance improvement. This research expands existing knowledge in organisational research and opens up new areas of knowledge. It enhances the standardisation and generalisability of the high reliability organisation theory. It enables benchmarking, organisational learning and performance improvement. Finally, it eliminates the retrospective predictability of incidents causative factors and enhances the ability of organisations to predict the potential for incidents. It is hoped that these would help to make organisations more resilient, reduce incidents and disasters, and ultimately safeguard humanity.

The 600i Series features dual load lock, in-line, RF / DC side sputtering batch systems.
They are configured with an optional high vacuum load lock and three or four target positions and have a 13 x 13-inch pallet size. (unique pallet designs available).
The 600i Series systems are particularly popular for sensitive applications requiring target material that produces unusually high particulate contamination.
The 600i Series includes the 603i, 643i, 654i, and 654ix. The ix series systems offer an extended sputter area to increase process uniformity utilizing KDF’s “X-series”™ cathodes. The ix series also supports KDF’s new LMM™ cathode along with other cathodes designed by our in house cathode design team.
Both the 654i and the 654ix offer four-target versatility. All 600i series systems can also be enhanced with scan velocity profiling. The 600i series systems all meet the Semiconductor S2-0706 safety spec as part of the standard system package, a CE option for the European community is available. Pulsed DC sputtering via Advanced Energy Pinnacle Plus is also available.
All 600i series system have remote PC accessibility allowing for software upgrades & file repair via an Internet Ethernet connection. Full documentation is standard and is available on std. paper, clean room paper or an electronic CD version. For those applications that require an extra level of cleanliness or handling the Robotic option is available.
603i, 643i, 643ix, 654i and 654ix
The 600i Series is targeted towards sensitive applications using both standard materials and those that produce particulate contamination. The tools in this family surpass the criteria for deposition of thin films in high-density devices and other applications requiring absolutely minimal defects
- Vertical side sputtering systems
- 13” x 13” pallet size
- Small footprint
- Dual-process loadlock
- Optional Robot designed for particulate-free, reliable cassette to cassette substrate handling operations
- Multiple bias types enable denser films and planarization
- The multi-size capability enables rapid change from one substrate to another; substrate size can be changed run to run (pallet based)
- Optional integrated RGA for process and fault monitoring of gas peaks along with integrated hivac step • New in situ pallet optical measurement hardware with integrated software allowing operators to program and control actual pallet temperature

Greetings! Crystal here to bring you some more juicy Wander goss. Things are getting pretty exciting (that’s a nice way of saying “hectic”) around here as our release date is fast approaching. The hira I showed you in my last post has finally come to life; in fact, I’m watching her running around on the beach at this very moment, and she looks absolutely fantastic. Believe me, though, she can do a lot more than just run: she can also skydive! I know I talked about it quite a bit last time, but skydiving is now officially a thing! It’s super fun and looks really awesome, and really, what could be better than consequence-free leaping from dizzying heights? Don’t even lie, I know you’ve thought about it. We all have. So, now you can fly, swim, skydive, and… be really tall and leafy? With so many great characters I imagine it’d be hard to choose a favorite, so I guess it’s a good thing you can play as all of them and don’t have to!
Speaking of cool things you can do, one of the cool things players will be able to do is communicate with each other, even if they don’t speak the same language in the “real world”, since here at Wander we scoff at silly things like “language barriers”! This feat was accomplished by the invention of Wander’s very own language: Rozhda, a process that involved a monumental amount of trial and error (and blood, sweat, tears, and frustration. I’m pretty sure I’ll flinch every time I see the word “waterfall” for the rest of my life!). While exploring, players can discover glyphs (similar to runes), each of which correspond to a word. Find enough words - or learn how to combine them creatively - and you can chat with other wanderers and share your experiences and discoveries with them. Or just brag about a really cool tree you saw one time.
This communication system makes great use of the new PS4 controller, as once players find a new glyph they’ll have to learn how to write it successfully using the touchpad. In the past this sort of technology has tended to be fiddly and hard to use, but we’ve found that the PS4 works surprisingly well for this purpose. It should allow players to easily say what they want, but they’ll have to learn the language in a gradual and intuitive way before they can speak to each other fluently. Just like real life! And then you can turn into a griffin and go have a chat with a walking tree and a sea-creature. Just like… real life. Um...
Anyway, moving on! The architecture in this game is starting to look fresh to death, so it won’t just be serene oceans and tranquil forests you’ll get to traipse around in. There are even buildings at the bottom of the ocean! How’d they get there? I’LL NEVER TELL. But savvy players just might be able to find out for themselves.
Lastly, maybe some of you are just as obsessed with music and sounds as certain members of the Wander team are (not that I’m referring to anyone in particular, of course). If you are, you might be interested in a little thing we now have available called the Wander Soundtrack, composed by the amazing Benjamin Woodgates. If you want to jazz up your boring walk to the train station by pretending you’re strolling through a tropical rainforest, have we got the solution for you! Get it from Bandcamp.
I’ll be keeping you updated in the lead up to launch! The door is about to open, we have only to step through to the other side (cue “The Final Countdown” here). Of course, the journey will continue, it’ll just be after the game is released so you’ll all actually be able to see for yourselves what I’ve been going on about this whole time. I sincerely hope it lives up to your expectations! We’ve got big plans for what we’re adding after launch as well.

If you have ever fished at night you know that it is not an easy task to do. There are so many things to consider when fishing at night.
These 20 tips will help you to be more successful in your nighttime fishing endeavors.
1. Use Live Bait
The use of live bait is the only sure-fire way to consistently catch lots of bass when fishing at night. The fish may not see your hook, but they can smell the bait on it and will strike to get it. Be sure you are using high-quality bait though as that will also increase your chances of success.
2. Use the Best Rods
Rod is almost as important as bait when fishing at night. A light action rod may be better for you to use than a heavy one because it will give a much smoother cast, which can be helpful if you are casting into dark waters and don’t want to spook any fish.
3. Always Use a Good Fishing Light
A good light is the key to many successful night fishing trips. Even if your night vision is great, you will not see fish swimming around in the water without a proper light.
4. Trolling for Fish at Night
If you are looking to troll for bass, make sure you are doing it at the right time and in the right way. You should be trolling in high speed, about five miles per hour or more in waters that have an average depth of 12 feet or less. If you don’t catch anything while trolling, move to a different location.
5. Use Bright Baits
Bright colors like yellow, chartreuse, and orange tend to attract more bass. The brighter the color, the better chance you have of attracting a bite.
6. Use Different Types of Lures
If you are using only one type of bait or lure at night, then you are not giving yourself as many chances to catch fish as possible. Try fishing with topwater lures, spinner baits, buzzbaits, and jigs.
7. Line Color Matters
Using a dark colored line such as black will give you an edge over other anglers who are fishing in the same general area of water. The fish may not see your hook but they can definitely see your dark line in the waters at night.
8. Chum Works!
If you are fishing with live bait, then you should use chum to attract bass. You can often catch fish when using just the right amount of chum.
9. Consider Weather Patterns and Pick Your Times Wisely
Always consider what the weather forecast is going to be like before heading out on the water. This will give you a clue as to how much rain or wind there is going to be creating moving water that can attract fish.
10. Night Fishing Makes Fish Sleepy
If you are fishing for bass at night, then try using small lures instead of large ones. Big baits tend to scare away fish because they make too much noise. Small baits are quieter during the night and may have more of a chance to catch something.
11. Clouds Get Bounced Back Up
If you see clouds in the sky at night, then you know that you probably aren’t going to get lucky with your fishing trip because the lights from above will show up on the surface of the water and make it much harder to catch a fish. When you see clouds in your fishing area, move on before it gets too late because once night starts, you are only going to be wasting your time if you stay there.
12. Look For Larger Schools of Fish
During the day or during early evening hours when the sun is still up, look for schools of fish that are large in size. The larger the school of bass, the better your chances will be to catch them simply because they can’t stay away from an easy meal.
13. Have Extra Bait Ready in Your Boat
If you have used all of your live bait and don’t want to refuel by going back to shore, have a backup supply of bait in your boat.
14. Night Fishing Is Not As Hard as Many People Think It Is
Don’t let night fishing intimidate you because it isn’t all that hard and can be great fun once you get the hang of it. You should also keep in mind that you don’t have to invest a lot of cash in buying expensive tackle. You will need some basic equipment, a good fishing light, and some bait and you can be on your way.
15. Use the Full Range of Your Rod’s Casting Abilities
If your rod is too powerful, then it won’t cast as far as one that has less power. It is also important to keep your rod at the right angle when casting.
16. Search for Structure
Finding structure in the water will give you an edge over other anglers when you are trying to catch something. There is a good chance that fish will hold around any kind of structure like cliff faces, rock piles, or standing timber.
17. Watch For Depth Changes
You should always be aware of depth changes where you are fishing for bass at night. Anytime you see a depth change, there is a good chance that fish will be holding in these areas and this will give you the upper hand over other anglers who don’t know about this secret fishing tip.
18. Look For Sand Bars in Shallow Waters
If you know that there are sand bars, then you have to try fishing in these areas. The fish are going to move out of the deeper waters and onto the sand bars at night because they feel safer near shallow water.
19. Watch Out for Falling Debris
If there is a thunderstorm, then this can cause debris to fall into the water that could injure your boat or even damage your engine. Avoid these areas at all costs during the night because you don’t want to run into floating pieces of lumber or branches that could cause damage to your boat and make a mess.
20. Use Long Casting Techniques
If you are fishing in deeper waters, then you should use long casting techniques instead of using shorter distances between each cast. This is an excellent way for you to increase your chances of catching more fish.
Hopefully the above 20 techniques help you catch more fish at night or any time of day for that matter.
If you want to get into fishing, then take a long hard look at what bait and tackle works best in your area and give it a try. You’ll be glad that you did! The most important aspect of fishing is having knowledge and applying it to the task at hand.
The goal here is not necessarily learning everything about fishing, but rather learning how to fish better and more efficiently in your area. The knowledge presented above will help you accomplish that goal!
This information is best used with a small flashlight as well. I always carry one on all of my night fishing trips.

OUR TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION IN REVLONISSIMO COLOR SUBLIME™ IS THE EXCLUSIVE DUAL ACTION VEGAN COLOR SYSTEM
OUR DUAL ACTION VEGAN COLOR SYSTEM IS THE PERFECT BALANCE BETWEEN SCIENCE & NATURE
This unique Dual Action Vegan Color System is the result of extensive scientific research inspired by our desire to develop a different approach to hair color. The outcome is a system that delivers breathtaking color and care thanks to the perfect balance between science and nature through the use of vegan and organically¹ cold-pressed oils for hair that provide up to 2x stronger hair².
You might be wondering: how does this dual action system work? It is simple. Our organic¹ cold-pressed oils achieve rich hair color while nourishing each hair strand. On the color side, sunflower oil pushes colorants inside the hair for vibrant hair color results, while on the hair care side, coconut oil penetrates the hair shaft to deeply nourish it form the inside and a blend of haircare ingredients & cold-pressed oils coat the hair strand leaving it 2x stronger².
THE BENEFITS OF THE COLD-PRESSED OILS IN OUR VEGAN PERMANENT HAIR DYE FORMULA
Discover our natural-looking and long-lasting permanent hair colors without ammonia* that are also mineral oil free. Through natural and organic cold-pressed sunflower oil, up to 10 high-quality oxidation pigments diffuse into the heart of the hair shaft to provide a radiant color with outstanding light-reflective properties to every single strand of hair. At the same time, the cold-pressed coconut oil moisturizes and nourishes hair in depth making it easy to untangle while softening and giving it body without weighing it down.
Revlonissimo Color Sublime™ invites you to be artistic and create with vegan, clean and dermatologically tested formulas. Our renewed product also comes in an ultra-gliding creme-gel texture with a mild, neutral fragrance that goes beyond the sensorial hair coloring experience. In addition, the Revlonissimo Color Sublime™ texture contributes to a non-drip and controlled application that respects the scalp.
ENHANCE YOUR PERMANENT HAIR DYING SERVICE WITH A SUBLIME EKSPERIENCE™
Revlon Professional® has created a new nature-inspired treatment to magnify any Revlonissimo Color Sublime™ color service and provide a game-changer care experience. Offer your clients beauty rituals with noticeable results while placing the power of the sea, science, and senses within their reach with our ultimate Eksperiece™ Reconstruct beauty ritual. With its silicone-free formula, it is possible to get an even healthier-looking hair. To perform this nourishing ritual, first, massage the dry lengths and ends with Experience™ Reconstruct (1). This will avoid color saturation while adding hydration. Secondly, apply the desired Revlonissimo Color Sublime™ shade all over. After rinsing the color, apply Eksperience™ Reconstruct (2) and lastly, add an extra dose of body, shine and softness by applying the Eksperience Reconstruct (3) Regenerating Hair Mask.
¹Cocunut and Sunflower oil.
²vs formula without conditioner system.
*Formulated without adding ammonia

Unit block of Township Line Road at U-Haul on June 9 at 10:09 p.m. – A male, 44, of the 400 block of E. Hinckley Avenue, Ridley Park was charged with possession of a controlled substance, loitering and prowling at night, public drunkenness and suspended driver’s license.
Giant in the 100 block of Township Line Road on June 27 at 4:30 p.m. for an incident that occurred on June 17, 2013. Brian F. McGinley 25, unit block of S. 5th Avenue, Coatesville was charged with theft by unlawful taking and receiving stolen property
200 block of Marple Road on July 1 at 8:40 p.m. for an incident that happened on June 6. Erica Roman 34, of the 700 block of Pennsylvania Avenue, Wallingford was charged with theft by unlawful taking and receiving stolen property
Reckless driving fleeing police
Township Line Road and Ormand Avenue on June 28 at 1:34 a.m.- A male, 17, was petitioned to juvenile court on charges of fleeing or attempting to elude police, unlicensed driver, speeding, careless driving and restraint system.
Unit block of W. Manoa Road on June 20 at 10:09 p.m.- A male,15, was petitioned to juvenile court on charges of possession of drug paraphernalia, underage drinking and public drunkenness.
Giant in the 100 block W. Township Line Road on June 26 at 12:56 a.m.- A male stole six cases of soda and fled the store.
1700 block of Lawrence Road on June 26 at 10 a.m. -The victim reported that someone used her identity to file for a Federal Income Tax return.
YMCA in the 800 block of N. Eagle Road on June 27 at 4:17 p.m. – an iPod touch was stolen from the gymnasium.
1300 block of Fairview Avenue on June 27 at 3:04 p.m. – Garage door was damaged several months ago. Tools and various cleaning supplies were reported stolen.
800 block of Darby Road on June 27 at 2:42 p.m. – a package was stolen from the victim’s porch.
St Jude’s Shop in the unit block of Brookline Boulevard on June 27 at 10:55 a.m. – Unlocked vehicle was entered – house keys were stolen.
Barnaby’s in the 1900 block of Old West Chester Pike on June 27 at 2:30 a.m.- Victim reported that several credit cards were stolen from her wallet.
500 block of Ellis Road on June 27 at 6 p.m. – Someone made two purchases with the victim’s credit card without her permission or knowledge.
200 block of Lee Circle on June 28 at 4:48 p.m. – Unlocked vehicle was entered – money was stolen.
Liquor Law Violation
Edgewood and Kathmere Roads on June 28 at 10:36 p.m.- A male, 20, of the 1200 block of Edgewood Road and another male, 20, of the 100 block of Madison Road, Lansdowne, were cited for underage drinking.
400 block of West Chester Pike on June 29 at 4:09 p.m.- A male, 29, of the unit block of W. Manoa Road, was cited for public drunkenness.
200 block of E. Manoa Road on June 30 at 1 p.m.
Grove Place and Township Line Road on June 20 at 5:57 a.m. -Unlocked vehicle was entered – purse was stolen. The purse was later located by a Septa employee. Debit card,? $40? and a driver’s license were missing from the purse.
2400 block of Avon Road on June 30 at 10:51 a.m. – The victim reported that someone used his identity to open three utility accounts.
Giant in the unit block of W. Township Line Road on July 1 at 10:21 a.m. – A male, 28, of the 8700 block of West Chester Pike, Upper Darby, was cited for the retail theft of $90 worth of merchandise.
100 block of E. Turnbull Avenue on July 1 at 7:03 p.m. – Someone made an unauthorized purchase with the victim’s debit card.
Moving: 55 Warnings: 56 Non Traffic: 11 Parking: 24

The United States has seen a dramatic shift in waste practices over the past several years. While landfills are still the most common destination for waste, individuals and organizations are actively seeking out sustainable alternatives. Traditional recycling facilities have been joined by additional environmental solutions such as composters, e-waste processors and anaerobic digesters.
All of these environmental challenges have been in pursuit of sustainability and the circular economy. Through innovative processes, it has become possible to extend the life of the objects we use every day. As organizations reach for lofty sustainability goals, such as zero waste, a new question emerges: How can you measure success?
Because the closed-loop model is relatively new on a mainstream level, there is a lot of confusion around how to track circularity. In fact, the concept of a “circular economy” didn’t really gain prominence until the Ellen MacArthur Foundation was founded in 2009. It should come as no surprise, then, that there are many opinions and conversations around the best way to measure success. While key performance indicators (KPIs) and measurement tools may still be evolving, there are a three key data points that should be on everyone’s radar.
Diversion, a weight-based measurement, is a well-respected and often-used measurement for zero waste credentialing. It refers to the amount of waste material diverted from the landfill. In other words, it’s the amount of waste sorted for recycling, whether that’s headed to a curbside recycling facility or another non-landfill destination.
Diversion is an important benchmark so communities and businesses can track performance over time. That’s why many waste management companies calculate diversion rates when conducting an organization’s first waste audit. It’s still the single best tool to measure recycling. Diversion rates offer a highly accurate standard by which to track improvements, or even setbacks, on the journey to waste reduction and less landfill dependence.
Greenhouse gas emissions
Along with diversion, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions should be a primary metric. To promote GHG tracking and help organizations measure emissions, the U.S. EPA developed the “WARM” model. WARM – derived from “Waste Reduction Model” – calculates total emissions based on waste processing type. This includes source reduction, recycling, combustion, composting, anaerobic digestion and landfilling. With WARM, it’s easier to measure harmful gases released into the environment, such as carbon and methane.
Certain recyclables avoid GHG emissions more than others when compared with sending the same item to a landfill. There are some industry stalwarts who advocate for triaging your trash and focusing exclusively on GHG as the primary metric of waste reduction at the expense of other important environmental benefits of keeping items out of landfills. However, if we focus only on recycling the biggest producers of carbon, we’re neglecting a huge amount of waste that could be recycled to extend its useful life. It’s entirely possible to reduce GHG emissions while still largely adhering to a linear take-make-landfill model – and that’s why tracking both diversion and GHG is so essential.
Diversion and GHG support complementary goals and are not mutually exclusive. It’s not an either/or situation, but rather it’s important to capture both for a more complete picture of sustainability performance and to generate the most positive environmental outcome.
There is value embedded in the items we use and discard, and they can go on to have another life. In a circular economy, there is no end of life – just a next phase. Currently, this material lifespan is harder to quantify. The Ellen MacArthur Foundation and Granta Material Intelligence developed “Circularity Indicators” to help measure the transition from linear to circular models.
- Input of virgin resources
- Utility during use (how long is the material in use compared to industry average)
- Diversion/destination after use
- Efficiency of recycling
There’s no clear-cut science to life cycle analysis at this stage, but measurement tools will continue to evolve as more organizations make the transition to circularity. It’s safe to say that if there is value in ‘trash,’ society should be diligent in extracting that value in lieu of diminishing virgin resources to replenish supply chains.
It all comes down to data
No metric is a surefire indicator of success on its own. They all come together to give you a comprehensive look at waste performance. Whichever KPIs you use, having access to data is a critical component of sustainability programs.
Verified sustainability reporting platforms can track detailed waste data from source to disposal site, allowing you to see exactly how much waste your business or city is producing (by location) and where it is going. Some waste technology platforms are also able to provide carbon and methane avoidance data in addition to diversion metrics.
With access to more data – and more metrics – you can make highly informed decisions to help you reach your sustainability goals.
David Rachelson is vice president of sustainability for Rubicon, a technology company that provides waste, recycling and smart city solutions to businesses and governments worldwide. The mission of Rubicon is to end waste.
The views and opinions expressed are those of the author and do not imply endorsement by Resource Recycling, Inc. If you have a subject you wish to cover in an op-ed, please send a short proposal to firstname.lastname@example.org for consideration.

Description of the holiday rental
The “Hameau” residence is situated on the second level of les Collons, close to the ski lifts, to the sport shop, the ski school and restaurants. The building is in a calm area and is east facing. The swimming pool and sauna are available for all the buildings tenants. A lift is available as well as commune laundry room with washing machine and dryer, a large ski storage with private lockers. Parking in front of the residence or a garage can be rented.
Studio flat for 4 pers., 42m2. Entrance, bunk bed in a corner open on the living-room with armchairs and a sofa bed, television, dining area and a kitchen with coffee machine. Shower and toilet. Balcony with view on the forest and the Alps. Pets accepted.
- Swimming pool/ Indoor pool
- Parking space
- Washing machine

Terms & Conditions
By accepting these Terms, you are bound by them during and to some extent after you stop using GRID´s services.
User accounts and service levels
Anyone over the age of 13 can create a user account at GRID, and these Terms apply to all service levels provided, whether free or paid.
Subscriptions and fees
Our paid services are billed on a subscription basis which means that you will be billed in advance in accordance with your preferred subscription type; monthly or annual. Your subscription will be automatically renewed unless you cancel your subscription. You may cancel your subscription at any time before the end of a billing period, and your cancellation will take effect at the beginning of the next billing period.
GRID may change subscription fees at any given time. Such price changes will become effective at the end of your then-current subscription period. GRID will notify you in advance of any such changes in fees.
Failure to pay the subscription fee on time may result in limited, suspended, or terminated services.
Where GRID is required to collect and pay taxes related to your purchase of the service, such taxes will be charged to you at the point of purchase. If you are required to do so by law in your area, you are responsible for reporting and paying your local Value added, Sales and Goods & Services taxes, and any duties or customs fees that may apply.
Payments are processed through GRID Software Inc., a Delaware corporation.
Privacy and security
GRID will store and process your personal data, content, and other information in a secure way in accordance with relevant industry standards and practices.
Please be advised that you should not use GRID´s products for the processing of personal data. If you process personal data using GRID’s products, inadvertently or deliberately, you understand that you are the data controller and are solely responsible for such data processing. GRID does not accept any liability under these circumstances, as such processing is against these Terms.
To keep your information safe, GRID encourages you to make sure that your password, email address, and other credentials are secured and accurate. Remember to back up any important data related to your use of GRID.
GRID is a cloud-based web platform intended to allow anyone to create and share professional-looking documents online and shall not be used for other purposes.
You are responsible for your use of GRID´s services and must comply with the following:
You may not use the services to commit any unlawful activity.
You may not use GRID´s services for the purpose of building a competitive product.
You may not misuse the services by interfering with them or attempting to use them through other methods than the provided interface.
You may not use any automated system, code, or other methods to extract or scrape data from the services or the website.
You may not reverse engineer the service or assist anyone else in doing so, to the extent such restriction is permitted by law.
You may not store or transmit any viruses, malware or other malicious software or link to such software through the Service.
You must respect IP rights belonging to either GRID or others.
GRID reserves the right to restrict access to or remove content published by you if it includes hate speech of any kind, bullying, criminal activity, pornography, personal data being made available unlawfully, or any other offensive and/or illegal material.
If your use of the product is in breach of GRID´s terms for acceptable use, GRID reserves the right to restrict or terminate your access to the Service.
You retain the rights to any content you may create while using GRID’s services. GRID reserves the right to promote and display the content you have published and made public and any name and/or username information provided in connection with your content.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, by publishing a GRID document and making it public you grant GRID a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute.
In accordance with GRID’s terms for Acceptable use, you acknowledge that GRID may be required to review your content to ensure that the content is compatible with these terms. GRID may also need to review your content in order to fulfill its legal obligations.
GRID's intellectual property rights
You are allowed to monetize the content you create using GRID. However, your use of the service does not grant you any ownership or right to reproduce, resell or in any way monetize any of the services or the content you access on GRID, other than your own content. GRID remains the sole owner of Intellectual Property rights of whatever nature related to the services and holds an exclusive right to use the GRID trademark.
Term and termination
You may at any time decide to terminate your GRID user account, and after 12 months of inactivity, you can assume your account will be deleted. Should you file a deletion request through [email protected] your account and all your personal information will be deleted within 7 working days.
GRID may decide to terminate your account if your use of GRID’s services does in any way breach these terms. GRID may also terminate your account if it has been inactive for over 12 months.
GRID reserves the right to stop providing parts of its services or change any service features and to do so at the company's sole discretion. GRID also reserves the right to introduce limits on storage or use of the product.
Disclaimers and limitation of liability
It is GRID´s intention to always provide you with excellent services. While we aim to maintain high availability and reliability, certain conditions are out of our control. GRID can therefore not guarantee that the services will always be available.
Under no circumstances will GRID be held liable for any direct or indirect damages regardless of its nature, such as (but not limited to) loss of use, data business, loss of revenues profits or expected savings, third party losses or other indirect losses, or any other damages related to your use of GRID’s services.
Should you suffer any direct or indirect damages related to your use of GRID’s services, you are obliged to attempt to limit any damages to a reasonable extent. GRID’s liability, should it be deemed, shall not include liability for additional damage attributable to such failure.
To the extent legally permitted GRID will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or exemplary damages whatsoever.
To the extent permitted by law the aggregate liability of GRID, or any of its employees, for any claims arising in connection with the use of GRID’s services, will not exceed the amount paid by you to GRID for the use of the services during the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the liability.
Changes to terms
GRID may make changes to these terms at any given time for many reasons, such as changes or updates of service or to reflect changes in applicable law. The applicable version of these Terms will always be available on GRID’s website. If GRID makes any material changes you will be notified by email and/or by a notice on GRID’s website. Changes will be effective from the day they are publicly posted. If you do not want to agree to any changes made to these terms you should stop using GRID since continued use means that you have agreed to be bound by the updated terms.
These Terms are governed by Icelandic law and disputes arising from the Terms are to be adjudicated in the District Court of Reykjavík.
Information about the contracting parties

Oh, the weather outside is frightful…so stay in a read a book (or two or three)! Whether you are a book lover yourself or are shopping for holiday gifts for a book lover, I’ve got four great options for you.
This post is sponsored by BabbleBoxx on behalf of Harlequin Books.
Holiday Gifts for Book Lovers
Return to Virgin River
If you’re a fan of the Netflix series, Virgin River, then you’ll love this feel-good sequel that brings you are the warm and fuzzy feelings of fresh starts, friends, and the magic of Christmas.
I’m a huge fan of the first series of Virgin River on Netflix and can’t wait to watch the second series after reading this book.
Virgin River was written by #1 New York Times bestselling author Robyn Carr.
Pretending is about a woman who struggles to move on after a traumatic relationship and pretends to be “the perfect girl” as revenge. She then finds herself emotionally compromised and things go awry.
This book makes the perfect gift for the girl who loves a good laugh and love story.
I’ve always loved learning about Coco Chanels story, and this book takes it a step further.
Chanel Sisters dives into the world of Antoinette and Gabrielle (COCO) Chanel and how they were abandoned by their family. They were brought up by nuns who prepared them to live simple lives, but they were destined to make their dreams of the future come true and make their mark on society.
This book is coffee table-worthy and is such an affordable gem for the designer-lover in your life.
One More For Christmas
One More For Christmas is about a businesswoman name Gail as she spends a snowbound Christmas with her estranged family in Scotland. It’s a warm and fuzzy story about how the family reconnects and rebuilds relationships and is a great Christmas redemption story.
Looking for holiday gifts for book lovers? Check out Bookclubbish on Facebook!

As a life-long learner, I am continuing my studies with the Zen Shiatsu Post Graduate Program in addition to studying with other masters and modalities. I am in search of building and expanding a language of health that addresses the complexity of individuals as a whole. I seek to broaden my own lens and through that exploration share my knowledge with others. It is my goal to empower, support and draw out the best in each individual in order for them to discover and live life to it’s full potential. I believe everyone is on their own journey with their own lessons to learn in this lifetime. Whether in the fitness world, through my practice, or both, I seek to elevate. In any way I can, I’m here to help.

A web design project created in collaboration with Stephen Co, owner of Nipa Foods.
Base Theme: Flatsome
Nipa Foods is a specialty food and beverage business that sources local and unique Philippine foodstuffs. It is a division of Selula Hayagham Corporation, a Filipino-owned company that aims to become the largest diversified life science company with focus on agriculture and industrial biotechnology. Through Nipa Foods, we hope to play an ambassadorial role to the world by addressing the global demand for world-class Filipino natural products with longer shelf-life and first-rate packaging.

Are you an experienced accounting manager looking for a rewarding team leadership role but are tired of the 60+ hour work weeks that often come along with an in-office position? Would you welcome the opportunity to work from home for an award-winning organization up to 35 hours a week, Monday through Friday, during traditional daytime business hours while inspiring a remote team of experienced client-facing accountants? If so, we may have the perfect opportunity for you!
In this highly impactful, hands-on role, you will utilize your client service management expertise and accounting knowledge to drive a delightful client experience. Your extensive management experience will help continue to build Supporting Strategies’ reputation as a wonderfully unique place to work.
About Supporting Strategies
Since 2004, we have been empowering business owners by taking bookkeeping and operational support functions off their plates allowing them to focus on their core business. Supporting Strategies’ experienced professionals use our cutting-edge cloud-based platform, virtual infrastructure and proven process to deliver a full suite of outsourced services, including accounts payable, accounts receivable, bookkeeping, financial reporting, controller level services and payroll administration.
Supporting Strategies has over 100 offices throughout the U.S. and is continuing to grow rapidly! This momentum has created exceptional opportunities for accountants who enjoy managing remote teams and working closely with a variety of clients. Consider joining us for a rewarding accounting career that offers compelling professional challenges with optimal work-life balance. As our network of franchises grow, new team managers are integral to our continued success.
Why Work for Supporting Strategies?
The responsibilities associated with this role are organized into areas that are very important to Supporting Strategies as an organization. We have purposely chosen the word “delight” when defining these responsibilities because it appropriately captures how passionate we are about these initiatives and we naturally hope you will share in our sentiment.
Client Delight – Building Great Client Relationships
Team Delight – Attracting, Managing and Retaining Effective, Happy Professionals
Does everything you have read so far sound appealing? We hope so! If you meet the qualifications below, we would absolutely love for you to apply!
Supporting Strategies is deeply committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce. We believe a diverse workforce is not just attained, but it is built upon a culture of inclusion and belonging. Supporting Strategies is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

I bought an arduino pro micro so then i can make my rc car move in a straight line autonomously, then stop. In order to do this, I have installed the arduino software. However, when i try and set the software for a specific board (in this case pro micro), there is no option for it. Would i be able to use the pro mini option?
Arduino doesn’t sell a “Pro Micro”. Either it works the same as an Arduino Micro (try selecting that) or you need to get and install support files from whoever designed it.

DAEMON Tools Lite 2022 Serial Number + Working Crack [Latest]
DAEMON Tools Lite 184.108.40.2063 Crack is a worldwide famous program that performs a good role while in the disk mounting. The nominated functionalities of this program are to mount the different disks (more than 4 virtual DVD-ROM, CD drives, DT, HDD & SCSI) at a time. Additionally, Daemon Tool Lite’s new version is fully compatible With Windows 11 which includes many other features that may help improve your disk mounting experience. Basically, this program is designed to emulate the DVD/CD and the Blu-ray.
The latest Daemon Tools working Crack Serial Number is here the best straightforward application that empowers you to activate the full feature and change your physical discs images DVD to CD and DVD to Blu-ray into effective Discs images. The resulted files can be run on your Windows operating system. So, It offers a simple way for the conversion of disc images into one format to another format.
DAEMON Tools Latest Crack empowers to duplicate the things of the huge media to the disk image, with the facility of password to protect the stuff in it. The program offers the capacity to record the full image information documents. You can also perform many other tasks if you have the activated version of Daemon Tools Lite full version. You can also download CCleaner Crack for free here.
DAEMON Tools Lite 2022 Crack + License Key 100% Free
Well, another enhancement acknowledges you to burn and split the DVD & BLU-RAY CD and Blu-ray image files in a very short time. You can protect your output file by applying a password that provides security from unauthorized access. Moreover, Daemon Tools Lite Serial Number has a small size and fasts in working with all surprising tools and features.
The current version of the Daemon Tools Lite 220.127.116.113 License Key is now uploaded here for free download. You can get a lot of advantages from this free download. As, this application added the support for CCD, BWT, CDI, NRG, MDS, VHD, PDI, TC, IMG, MDF, ISCSI, CUE/BIN, VMDK, VDI, B5T, ZIP, ISO along with the ISZ, and many others. Get the latest the DVDFab Crack.
In addition, it is the finest product of the Microsoft Company that supplies fast and 100% accurate optical media emulation in the multimedia field. Al the latest features of Daemon Tools Lite Cracked 2021 available in this release. Using these new features, you can perform even those tasks that weren’t possible in the past.
Full Key Features:
- There is the option to compress the size of your images in the larger case.
- Module, for the protection of the files by applying the password.
- Easy management of the Image Collection.
- Compatibility with almost all types of image formats.
- Create, mount and compress the image as well.
- A fast and time-saving tool that delivers 100% results.
- Capability to accumulate all types of image files even the virtual hard disks and many others that you want.
- Possibility to Create virtual images from various sources such as discs, audio, and files.
- Support for the emulations of the DT, HDD IDE, and the SCSI without any limit.
- Daemon Tools Lite Crack creates has to support the ISO files.
- The graphical user interfaces with well-organized manners.
- Moreover, support some other formats including the b5t,b6t, but, CCD, cue, FLAC, and many others.
What’s New In Daemon Tools Lite?
- The new version of DAEMON Tools Lite 18.104.22.1683 has the ability to Browse shared folders and mobile devices with Catch.
- Full support for Windows 11.
- Compatible with macOS X 15.
- Now you can edit and create Linux bootable images.
- This version helps you to create a bootable USB for Linux in MBR+BIOS mode.
- The current version needs only one-time activation for the whole life.
- It has improved Catch! feature.
- It has the latest Mount ISO.WV images
- Minor updates and modifications in this version.
- A lot of bugs are settled for better results.
- Improved interface for the user guidelines.
- New support for creating the backups of files.
- Enhanced protection
- Free for personal use.
DAEMON Tools Lite 22.214.171.1243 Serial Keys 2022
These are the working Serial Keys for the activation. But if these keys do not work then you can use the working Crack below from the link.
How To Crack And Install?
- First, you have to download the trial version from here or from the official site.
- Install it and start the program.
- Now, click on download source here and get the Crack setup.
- Install it by following the instructions.
- Use this Crack file for the activation of the software.
- Restart your program.
- That’s all! Enjoy the premium feature of the DAEMON Tools Lite free.
- CPU: 500 MHz or more.
- RAM: 1024 MB for the best performance.
- Hard Disk: 30 MB of free space is enough.
- WIFI: a solid internet connection.
- OS: All windows version.
Author Note DAEMON Tools Lite Cracked Full 2022
Generally, the writable computerized drives are utilized for consuming Media images from PC programming. DAEMON Tools Lite 2022 Crack will allow you to make a virtual RAM for snappier access to handle some situations. In the event that you might want to copy RAM, at that point settle on this decision.
So, the ISCSI initiator is something that licenses you to interface diverse physical and virtual gadgets through the web or the neighborhood network. This not just enables you to get access to some framework that is available in your PC yet the other gadget shared on different iSCSI servers.

Promoting Professional Development and Best Practice in EE
EE and NGSS: A Match Made in Nature
Hours for Learning Activity:1 learning hour
Date and Time:
Monday, April 30, 2018, 3:00pm to 4:00pm
For the April 2018 installment of NAAEE's monthly webinar series, we heard from Director of Science for Achieve, Matt Krehbiel. Matt helps provide support to states and districts in implementation of the Next Generation Science Standards.
NAAEE was excited to partner with the National Wildlife Federation and our Affiliate Network to focus on how the environmental education community can help advance the Next Generation Science Standards!
Matt Krehbiel joined Achieve in October 2015 as Associate Director, Science. In August 2017 he was promoted to Director. Matt has a variety of responsibilities within the science team to further Achieve’s efforts to provide support to states and districts in implementation of the Next Generation Science Standards. He is specifically responsible for supporting and managing EQuIP for science and the PEEC-alignment tool.
Matt began his career in science education as a high school science teacher in Kansas, where he taught a wide range of high school science courses over ten years. His work in the classroom was recognized in 2010 with the Award for Excellence in Conservation and Environmental Education from the Kansas Association for Environmental Education. Later that year, Matt joined the Kansas State Department of Education as the state science supervisor. In this role, Matt led Kansas’ participation as a lead state in developing the Next Generation Science Standards and was the lead author of Appendix K: Model Course Mapping in Middle School and High School. He also coordinated the state-wide effort to use the implementation of these standards as an opportunity to advance science education for all students. For his efforts to advance science education in Kansas, Matt was awarded the Kansas Association for Teachers of Science Outstanding Contributions to Science Education Award in 2013 and was selected by Bethel College for their Young Alumnus Award in 2015.
In addition to his classroom and state-level work, Matt has also worked at the national level. While working at the Kansas State Department of Education, Matt also served on the Board and later as President of the Council of State Science Supervisors. This organization serves to coordinate and support efforts of the state science supervisors of all states as they work to advance science education. Matt is also a member of the Board on Science Education for the National Research Council and, in that role, was a on the committee that wrote Guide to Implementing the Next Generation Science Standards.
Matt earned his B.A. in biology and natural sciences and his secondary teacher certification in general science, biology, and physics from Bethel College. He earned his M.S. in curriculum and instruction with a focus in science education from Kansas State University.

A teenage boy has been charged with attempted murder after shooting a seven-year-old girl who was trick-or-treating in the Little Village neighbourhood of Western Chicago. Once a thriving Eastern European neighbourhood, Little Village, also called South Lawndale, is known as the "Mexico of the Midwest" and is home to a sizeable Hispanic community.
The bullet hit the girl at the base of her neck; she was sent to hospital and is now in critical but stable condition, according to police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi.
According to the official, the girl was struck by a stray bullet during a gang shooting; the intended victim, a 30-year-old man, was injured in the hand.
Mr Guglielmi noted that at the time of the incident, the suspected shooter was wearing a mask resembling the one worn by Jason from the Friday the 13th movies.
It's the latest incident in a string of shootings in Chicago involving innocent bystanders.
The shooting comes days after US President Donald Trump visited Chicago for the first time in his tenure, dubbing the city a "haven for criminals" and "embarrassing to us as a nation". The visit of the US president was boycotted by the mayor and police superintendent.

Stephanie McKittrick has a heart to encourage believers and unbeliever’s alike, through sharing her incredible testimony of overcoming and salvation. Stephanie operates in the prophetic and regularly shares the heart of the Father with others.
Isaiah 22:22 I will place upon his shoulders the key to the treasures of David’s palace. He will open doors that no one can shut, and he will shut doors that no one can open.
Stephanie McKittrick grew up in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Diagnosed with Hydrocephalus, Arnold Chiari Malformation and Hemiplegic migraines, she has overcome 11 brain surgeries, 6 neck surgeries, 9 abdominal surgeries and much much more. She also has lost her precious baby girl Layla just hours after birth.
When she then became a single parent to her other daughter Lexie, while fighting for her own life, she committed to making a success of her life. She built two large “work from home business”, achieving global success but nothing was filling the void. Battling grief, depression, sickness and disease, Stephanie decided to take her own life, however she was miraculously saved.
In another miracle turnaround 3 weeks later Stephanie received a miracle healing and gave her life to Jesus. Since then Stephanie has gone from strength to strength, Glory to Glory, sharing her story with many along the way.
Stephanie has been featured in many main stream media article’s and is requested to share her powerful testimony in other churches.
Check out my YouTube channel for up to date videos
It is he who reveals the profound and hidden things, he knows what is in the darkness, and the light dwells with him.
Stephanie is on the front line of the Pro life movement in Northern Ireland, where the most extreme abortion laws have been introduced.
The main thread of Stephanie’s sharing regarding this painful and hard subject, is always that love wins. When Stephanie was fighting for her own life and desperately needing brain surgery, she found out her own baby had CDH (Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia) and had a 20%-30% survival chance. In an emotionally abusive relationship, fighting for her life and also for her baby, she was presented with the “choice” of abortion 3 times by medical professionals.
Stephanie weighed up the choice and knew in her heart that her baby was a gift and that no matter how long she would have her, she was going to love her baby as long as she could. Stephanie fought to the death for her and her babies lives and tragically at 25 hours old, her baby passed on to heaven.
Recognizing that fear plays a major role in the decision process for abortion, Stephanie stood up to share her story, her experience and her love. To quote her during her the March for their lives rally in Belfast “No-one ever imagines themselves burying a child, no-one ever plans to go through it but you can and you just go step by step each day.
I have never met a grieving mother that regretted not having an abortion”

Are you looking for flexible work that you can fit around your busy life? We have full and part time positions!
Job title:Healthcare Assistant
Rate of pay:£9.00 - £14.00 per hour
We work with a various clients including Mental health, Brain Injury, Learning disabilities and we also work with homes that care for children and young people.
We have various shifts including Earlies, Lates, Long days and Nights and we pay between £9.00 and £14.00 per hour!
Benefits of working for Swanstaff:
- Flexible working - you let us know when you can work!
- Easy online application forms
- Free Training
- Full support of Swanstaff office
- Temp Of the Month Scheme
- Ambassador Programme
- Pay enhancement at weekends
- Weekly Pay
We would require you to have at least 6 months paid experience.
If you're interested in this role, please apply online now or alternatively please get in touch with Hayley from our Ipswich team!

Eid offers 2022 at VoucherCodesUAE
Eid is a feast, a reunion with family and friends, and the giving of gifts - the happiest time of the year. It is a day when people gather and celebrate with friends and family to praise the Almighty at the end of the month of fasting around the globe. To make your Eid even more special, VoucherCodesUAE has special deals and discounts for Eid on top brands.
We have offers on electronics, appliances, beauty products, shoes, the latest fashion trends, the best smartphones, musical instruments, and many more. This Eid if you are looking for coupon sites to maximize your savings, VoucherCodesUAE is the place to be! We have excellent discounts on all categories and enormous brands. Above all, this is the time to empty your wishlist and fill everyone’s heart with gratitude and joy.
Gift Ideas for Eid
This is that time of the year when people run around in circles to find appropriate Eid gifts for their loved ones. If you are one of them, you can consider yourself all set for the festival because VoucherCodesUAE has stores featuring top brands and gives you enormous gifting options at your fingertips. You can purchase items at the best prices by using the Eid promo code 2022. Stop scrambling and check out all the offers on VoucherCodesUAE! Here’s a quick gift guide for you:
Deals on Fashion and accessories
Get in touch with the latest chic collection of clothing and accessories at our stores. All the big brands have come up with great deals offering a discount of up to 70% or more. Check out cool and fashionable clothing from the best stores such as Voga Closet, Sprii, Max Fashion, 6th Street, John Lewis, H&M, and more. Well, not only that, the more you buy, the more you save. Hurry and make sure you empty your wishlist now!
Eid offers on Home & kitchen appliances
When you think about the best Eid gift, the answer is electronics. This one word covers a variety of things like washing machines, the latest refrigerators, robot cleaners, air cleaners, and many more. All of these smart devices are essential for managing your home smoothly, and when they come from top brands in the industry, they definitely make life easier. You can use our Eid discount codes to save big on electronics and kitchen appliances.
Hot deals on gaming accessories
If you have someone who's into gaming in your home, there is no better gift than new game accessories. With VoucherCodesUAE, you will find decent offers on gaming products such as consoles, headphones, game cards, mics, and more. Do not forget to use the Eid coupon code at checkout.
Eid offers on mobile phones and laptops
Cell phones as an Eid gift? Sounds fun, doesn't it? VoucherCodesUAE has the best Eid offers on mobile phones as well as laptops or computers and the savings will surely surprise you! Check out the latest models of high-end brands - Vivo, Huawei, Oppo, Samsung, Apple, Nokia, and more. We have stores with a wide range of laptops from different brands all under one roof. Check them out now!
7 Perfect Ramadan gift box for last minute gift-giving
What better way to celebrate Ramadan than by giving your loved one a gift box hamper of goodies? A perfect Ramadan gift box includes traditional Ramad...
Best Eid Mubarak greeting cards to give your loved ones
Last updated on May 12th, 2022 at 09:10 amEid is an important time for all Muslims, and giving a loved one an Eid Mubarak card is an act of humility. ...
Best Ramadan gifts under 100 AED for every type of person
Last updated on March 24th, 2022 at 01:11 pmRamadan is a month of fasting, introspection, and prayer. This year Ramadan will start on April 2nd and en...

The community in community theater
- Published: April 14, 2011
The value of theater in a small town goes beyond entertainment, according to local playwright Kay Reimers. As well as providing something interesting to do on a weekend night, theater brings people together for a shared experience.
“The arts is a way of uniting diverse elements of a community,” Reimers said in a recent interview. “It unites the artists, the people who take time out of their daily life to attend, and the volunteers who help make it happen.”
While Reimers, a Yellow Springs native who moved back to town with her family 12 years ago, missed the heyday of Center Stage, she’d like to see the energy of that longtime Yellow Springs theater unleashed again.
“That spirit is still here,” she said. “People still want to do something.”
Reimers and a group of local actors, along with the Dayton Mandolin Orchestra, are leading an effort to help restore local theater in Yellow Springs. The effort begins with two fund-raising events to raise money to create a new performance space that organizers hope will fill the void created when Center Stage ended its run. Specifically, the groups want to raise enough cash to purchase baffles for Westminster Hall in the First Presbyterian Church, to enhance that room’s acoustics. Future goals include purchasing dividers to create a more intimate space and enlarging the Westminster stage, which is now quite small.
A member of the church, Reimers and her fellow Presbyterians see an opportunity to not only boost theater in Yellow Springs, but to make the church more of a community center.
“It’s a big beautiful building that’s used only a couple of hours on Sunday morning and shut down the rest of the week,” Reimers said of the church. “That’s not good for us or for the community.”
The effort to upgrade Westminster Hall involves raising several thousand dollars, and that effort begins this Friday and Saturday, April 8–9, with a performance of an abridged version of Anton Chekhov’s The Cherry Orchard. The play will be presented at the same time next weekend, April 15–16. Admission is $10.
Performing in the play will be Howard Shook, Miriam Eckenrode, Troy Lindsay, Ali Thomas, Marcia Nowik, Gary Reimers, Brendan Sheehan, Natalie Sanders and Thor Sage. Nowik will direct the performance, Amy Cunningham serves as stage manager and Kay Reimers is the producer.
Performing both before and during the play will be a Dayton Mandolin Orchestra ensemble, comprised of Glen Courtright, Devin Campbell, James Kellaris and Mark Hoffman. The complete orchestra will perform a fundraiser for the church on Sunday, April 17, at 4 p.m.
The Cherry Orchard, the classic Chekhov play, looks at a traditional society — in this case, turn-of-the-century Russia — facing changes. But the play is also relevant to any society going about a transformation, including contemporary American society that is moving from a manufacturing base to a more information-based economy, according to Reimers.
Villagers familiar with the play may find that this version is more upbeat than some previous interpretations, according to director Nowik, who said her research into the play led to her emphasis on a lighter touch, which she believes Chekhov intended. The humor emerges from the characters’ human foibles, and “these are funny, endearing characters,” Nowik said.
The effort to enhance Westminster Hall is not in any way intended to supplant the several-year-effort by the Committee for a Center for the Performing Arts to create a new performance space in Yellow Springs, Reimers emphasized. The church would likely never fill the role of that more upscale venue, she said. Rather, it can be used for performances until a new space is available, and after that time, could be available as a rehearsal space and venue for small ventures.
“We’re trying to create a Yellow Springs version of non-equity theater,” she said.
While other performing venues, such as the Mills Lawn gym and Bryan Center, are available for local theater, they are mainly used for other purposes, and therefore not readily available for the three weeks it takes to mount a production, Reimers said. The church, in contrast, could be available for longer periods of time.
In an interview this week, Center for the Performing Arts chair Jerome Borchers said that group is “still active,” and is focusing on working with Antioch College to collaborate on a performance space on campus. The changeover to a new college president in January has slowed that process down somewhat, he said.
“I applaud the effort,” Borchers said of the campaign to enhance Westminster Hall. “It’s always a good thing to have more spaces.”
Kay Reimers grew up in Yellow Springs, the daughter of Mildred and John McConville, who founded Anthrotech. She credits her interest in writing to the two years she spent in the early 80s as a Peace Corps volunteer on the Pacific island of Palau. The combination of an abundance of free time and a newfound sense of her abilities led Reimers to pursue her longtime interest in writing, she said.
Following a short time back in Ohio after the Peace Corps, Reimers moved to Los Angeles, a city with many opportunities to pursue her interest in theater. She also had a job reading scripts submitted to the “slush pile” of a production company, a job that offered a crash course in dramatic structure. Reimers also met her husband, Gary, in Los Angeles and the couple, along with their two children, returned to Yellow Springs 12 years ago.
Since that time, Reimers has focused on writing plays based on actual historic incidents, and her works include All Blood Runs Red, about the first African-American combat pilot, which was produced at Dayton’s Schuster Theater; and Sacred Fire, about the abolitionist John Brown, performed at the Antioch College Area Theater. She also adapted Sacred Fire as a radio play that was performed on WYSO, followed by the radio plays The End of Emerald Street, about the 1913 Dayton flood, and Dangerous Women, about suffragettes. While WYSO offered a venue for her radio plays, the actors longed to return to theater, she said.
Especially after her years in Los Angeles, Reimers appreciates both the talent and the cooperative approach of local actors.
“What I like about Yellow Springs performers is they don’t bring a diva attitude,” she said. “Everyone knows each other, and they work well together.”
Reimers is also impressed with the number of people who have stepped up to offer their help, as volunteers, on the Cherry Orchard event.
“It’s been a wonderful thing to see this lovely response,” she said.

ADULT LESSON STUDY & MEETINGS
Gospel Communities & Small Groups have moved here.
Main Sabbath School
The Adult Sabbath School class meets at 10 am in the Sanctuary and uses the Adult Sabbath School quarterly. An open discussion format and teachers that know how to help the group get at the heart of the topic, will leave you knowing Jesus better each Sabbath. It really is difficult to end this class because the discussion is always that good!
ZOOM Women | Alpharetta Women's Connect Time (CURRENTLY ON HIATUS) meets on select Sunday mornings at 10 am. All of the ladies of the church and friends are welcome! Login info is: ID: 349 123 286; Password: Hope
ZOOM Men | Click here for more info on Men's Ministry Hangout. Please refer to the church’s calendar on the website for scheduling.

Items being added constantly to our 'ON SALE' department at rock bottom prices!
matching plate available
This card is foiled. To compliment the design this card comes with a blue coloured envelope and is cello wrapped.
Pack of 10 cards
Please select a wish list
Your cart is currently empty.

* See the Top 50 best-selling models by clicking on the title! *
We have unfortunately become accustomed to month after month of deep decline for the Greek new car market, and December is no different: down 34% year-on-year to 3,668 registrations, bringing the Full Year 2012 total to 58,476 units, down a horrendous 40% on 2011. The Opel Corsa tops the models ranking for the 4th time this year with 291 sales and 7.9%, ahead of the VW Polo up 2 spots to 182 units and 5%. The Peugeot 208 climbs on the Greek podium for the first time thanks to 158 sales and 4.3% share, and is followed by the Citroen C3, Toyota Yaris and Opel Astra.
Outstanding performance of the Volvo V40 up 14 ranks on November to #7 at 109 units and 3%, a better score than at home in Sweden where it ranks #9 this month. The new Mercedes A-Class is up 10 spots to #8, the VW Up! lodges another satisfying month at #11, the BMW 3 Series is up a massive 51 ranks to #13, the BMW 1 Series up 9 to #15, Mini Countryman up 14 to #18 and the Seat Mii breaks into the Greek Top 50 for the first time at #47.
Previous month: Greece November 2012: Toyota Yaris leads, VW Up! #6
Full December 2012 Top 50 Ranking Table below.

Why is it that leaders don’t get what they really want or need from their teams? Go ahead, think about this for a moment …
Some leaders blame this on their team members, on ineffective processes or systems, on team structure or accountability charts, or on missing technology or skillsets. And on occasions, they might be correct.
For most people though, they aren’t getting what they want or need from their teams because of one of a few reasons:
- They don’t know exactly what they want
- They don’t know who to ask for it
- They don’t know how to ask for it
The third reason is where the majority of high-achieving leaders fall short. An effective request can mean the difference between a smoothly running, creative, high-performing team and one whose team members are operating on completely different channels. Unclear requests lead to unmet expectations.
Unclear Requests Lead to Unmet Expectations
I worked with a CEO – we’ll call him Larry – who was routinely frustrated with how irresponsible, unaccountable, and “lazy” the people in his organization were, in particular his direct reports who were all executive leaders. Overdue deliverables, reports in the wrong format, the wrong people involved, and the wrong projects prioritized were among his chief complaints. When we first started working together, it sounded like he needed to clean house and re-staff his organization of 300+ from the ground up.
Then I did an in-depth 360-degree report for him, and it turned out that his staff was equally as frustrated with him. He had extremely high expectations, which was not their complaint — these were all hardworking, high-achievers who could handle bold goals and high pressure. The problem was that he was not communicating his expectations to anyone, and instead, assuming the team would read between the lines.
For example, on one occasion, Larry called his CTO, Jeff, into his office to tell him he needed a progress report for the BOD A.S.A.P. In our interview, Jeff informed me that he got the ball rolling that same day with his 11 different product and technology department leads to gather progress updates, roadmaps, and accomplishments across divisions so he could put together a report for his boss. His definition of A.S.A.P. was the following Monday.
The next morning, Larry was furious that he did not have that report on his desk. “Did Jeff not hear the message that this request was A.S.A.P.?” He was irritated, frustrated, stressed – and he was pointing his finger at the wrong culprit. He had not communicated his definition of A.S.A.P., which for him meant he expected the report by the following morning. He told me that his voice conveyed the urgency and the CTO should have known better. Larry and Jeff were both flabbergasted for different reasons. The three of us discussed this situation openly and even laughed about where the assumptions were being made and how they impacted the outcome, but the whole situation could have been easily avoided. And this was just one example of many times Larry failed to make an effective request.
Unclear requests lead to unmet expectations.
The unclear requests Larry had a habit of making led to frustration throughout the organization – among his staff for getting the blame and “falling short,” and his own frustration of his expectations being consistently unmet. He was creating an entire culture of frustration by simply missing some key ingredients in his requests … and he almost fired his whole team for this recurring problem.
The good news was that I could see – from my objective, outside standpoint – that the problem was easy to address and the solution would be broadly impactful. The cause was not lack of willingness to work hard, as Larry had assumed, nor was it a missing skillset or organizational structure. The problem was that Larry had a habit of making ineffective, unproductive requests. Simply revealing this root cause to Larry and helping him learn new and healthy communication habits would have far-reaching rewards.
What Is a Request?
A request is an effort to make something happen that wouldn’t normally happen, or to exercise some power to influence the future in some way. An effective request makes sure that effort is fruitful and generative, and is one that leaves no room for interpretation – both parties are crystal clear on the what, why, who, when, and how.
The Pillars of an Effective Request
These guidelines for making a productive, effective request are going to seem basic when you read about the different elements. However, when I work with leaders on this, most realize pretty quickly that the majority of the time they aren’t getting what they want, need, or expect because their requests are incomplete – they didn’t ask in a clear way. The basics are simply not in place.
Unclear requests lead to unmet expectations.
Here are the fundamentals to consider so you can ensure your requests are effective:
1. Committed Speaker
If you want to leave no room for interpretation, you must be 100% present when you make a request of someone else. Committed speakers put their entire bodies and all of their attention into the request and take any action needed to generate a committed listener.
- Quick Tip: Make sure you not multi-tasking or your attention is not divided in any way. This includes texting, driving, scrolling social media, emailing, and even mind-wandering.
2. Committed Listener
In order for a request to turn into a commitment and expectations to be agreed on, the listener must also be present and undistracted. It is up to the requester to notice whether or not the listener is present. When you make a request of someone else:
- Are they present?
- Are they in the middle of something?
- Do you have their complete attention?
- Quick Tip: Avoid drive-by requests at all costs. These are the highly ineffective requests, where someone sees you in passing and asks you to do something … but they didn’t have time to wait for your answer. We’ve probably all been on both sides of that kind of moment, where there wasn’t room or time for a response or commitment. What follows these types of requests can be really frustrating.
3. Future Action
This element is simple. You must have some sort of genuine need in order to make a request. The “what.”
4. Conditions of Satisfaction
This is the most commonly missed element. In order for a request to be productive, the requester and listener must have a shared understanding of what it is that needs to be done, and to what standards. There is no such thing as a shared commitment without a shared understanding of what the future action is.
This is so often where a breakdown occurs. One person makes an assumption – they assume the other person knows exactly what they want – and the other person is unaware of the specifics, but commits anyway. Take Larry, from the above scenario. In another example, Larry asks his head of HR, Barbara, for a report for the all-hands meeting, but didn’t mention what format he needed in, which report it was, how in-depth it needed to be, or even what color or font it should be in if these details are important. If Barbara were to assume all of these factors and decide them for herself, yet Larry has a clear expectation of what this report should look like and include, he is setting himself up for disappointment. Barbara ends up spending hours on a report in Powerpoint with fancy graphics and speaking notes, when all Larry needed was an excel document including specific metrics, which were missing.
- Is there a background of obviousness? If you cannot be 100% sure that the answer is yes, outline your conditions of satisfaction in specific and clear terms. Leave no room for interpretation.
- What are the standards you are expecting and how can you communicate them more clearly? Even if it seems like a small detail, sometimes that small missing detail can be impactful to the outcome.
Timeframe is technically a condition of satisfaction, but warrants its own checklist item because people have very different definitions and understandings of urgency, and so there is often room for interpretation here.
If not 100 percent obvious, then state your expectation for the timeline clearly. In Larry’s case above, he asked Jeff to get him a report and assumed Jeff understood that he needed it immediately. His definition of A.S.A.P. was different than Jeff’s but he assumed a shared understanding. When Larry didn’t receive the report the following day, he was furious and asked Jeff why he didn’t have it ready. Jeff responded that he was planning to get it over by Monday morning. What was missing here? Who is to blame?
Different people have different senses of urgency, and varied definitions, interpretations, and assumptions of time. Best to get on the same time zone before a commitment is made.
The right conversation – with all of the specific effective request elements present – that takes place in the wrong mood is actually the wrong conversation. You have to take into account your mood and the listener’s mood, and notice if the timing is right.
Check yourself to be sure you are centered before making a request. Make sure you or the other person isn’t overly stressed, distracted, or concerned about something else before asking them to commit to something. You wouldn’t want to ask your head of IT to fix your mouse glitch right after he got a daunting health diagnosis, for example.
Why should the person care about this? What’s the overarching goal? How will this person be supporting the team, organization, and vision by agreeing to your request? Share the background and intention so the person has the bigger picture.
8. Supposition of Competence
This is also a big point of breakdown. The listener must know how to do the thing you are requesting, must be dependable, and must have the time to do it.
How can you ensure they know how to do what you’re asking? You might know their level of competence, you might not, and you might think you know but don’t. It is a mistake to assume.
- A Note of Caution: Sometimes, particularly people pleasers, want to know how or want to appear to know, even when they don’t. Alternatively, you may think your request is an easy, five-minute ask, when, if the person has never done it before, it may be a really big, time-consuming thing you’re asking.
- Quick Tip: Make sure to find out answers to the following questions:
- Does this person know how to do the thing you’re asking them to do?
- Is this person reliable?
- Does this person have the time to deliver by your deadline?
9. Optimal Communication Channel or Format
Are you going to make your request over a text message? Will you call them to ask? Will you request in person? By email? You have to take into account the communication channel that best suits the person and nature of the request to make sure the request lands in the intended way, and that the tone or importance is not left open to interpretation. If you choose to make your request digitally, after how many threads do you pick up the phone, if a clear agreement has not been reached?
Not all requests are created equal.
Unclear requests lead to unmet expectations.
When You Fail to Make a Request
I would be remiss if I did not mention the multitude of instances I have witnessed clients have expectations of their people, without ever having made any kind of request (even an incomplete one). There are many reasons why senior leaders avoid making requests in the first place, among the top reasons is assuming your expectation is known, or thinking, “I shouldn’t have to ask. This person should know …” I have hundreds of examples of this breeding resentment and sabotaging relationships and teams. Avoid this by making your expectations known.
Bottom Line on Effective Requests
Taking a few extra beats to ensure that you have considered and included all of these nine elements of an effective request can save you time, frustration, and resources in the long term. Getting in this habit will also help you build deeper relationships, higher trust on your teams, and stronger results. Plus, it typically only costs you a few minutes in the short-term.
Ultimately, it’s all about results. If you are getting the results you want and need by making ambiguous requests, by all means, keep doing what you’re doing. However, that’s not usually the case.
Exercise: Practicing Making Effective Requests
- Write down five requests that you haven’t made but know you should. These may be requests you have been avoiding, asks that would make your life easier, or even requests you need to make again because they were too vague or your expectations were not met.
- Outline the nine specific elements of each of your five requests.
- Write down a date for when you will make each request and add it to your calendar.
Join my monthly newsletter!
If you loved this article, join the monthly newsletter — featuring tips and reflections on leadership development and stress management in the modern world. Join the 5,000+ leaders who have it delivered straight to their inbox each month.
Join my monthly newsletter!
If you’re an executive, leader, or entrepreneur, you’ll love Melissa’s monthly newsletters.
As an ICF Certified Executive Coach, Melissa partners with leaders to develop their executive presence, strategic and systems thinking, resilience, communication skills, and influence in order to reach their goals. Melissa is passionate about supporting leaders and teams on their growth journeys toward greater impact, more collaborative teams, and stronger results.

Solio - Set
Top: Cut to an easy shape with a yoke panel. Light bohemian gathers. Summery V neck. Drop shoulder bell sleeve. Dainty checks in premium linen.
Skirt: Textured intricate gathers at waist and yoke. Fitted waistband with concealed zip on the side. Lower-calf length.
Made from fluid linen that brings playful movement.
- Gentle machine wash
- Ethically made in India
- Regular Fit
- Top length - 25"
- Skirt length - 33"
- Arya is 5.8ft and wearing size S
- Need help with sizing? WhatsApp us on +91 7892525916
• Orders are shipped within 10 working days. Returns must be initiated within 7 days of delivery.
• COD, returns and exchanges are not possible on customised garments.
• All orders are shipped in the returnable Ecovia bag. You will receive a 10% discount code every time you opt for the Pick Back option for the bag.

The Ranch at Rock Creek
The western lifestyle is one that must be experienced to understand. Life on a ranch is very different from other holidays but at The Ranch at Rock Creek, ranch life and luxury go hand in hand. Set within a gorgeous valley with rolling hills in Montana, The Ranch at Rock Creek is a year-round holiday destination where guests can enjoy an abundance of activities from sun up to sun down. Begin the day with a hearty, ranch style breakfast at the lodge before setting out for the day’s adventures. Adventures may include fly fishing at the trout stream, shooting sports, ropes courses, hiking, and mountain biking as well as with many others. Find yourself horseback riding to an impeccable view known as The Top of the World before returning to the lodge to drift off in any of the glamourous accommodations. The Ranch at Rock Creek offers four different lodging styles each decorated in a one-of-a-kind manner. All featuring a western style, the Canvas Cabin designed for glamping is truly unique. With so much to do and see at The Ranch at Rock Creek, this home away from home will become a place guests never wish to leave.

Sand Washing Machine - shibochina com. Sand Washer Machine Prices Wholesale Suppliers Application of sand washing machine price This sand washing machine price is widely used to combine with the ball grinder in a closed circulation for ore-sand separation in the ore separation plant classify ore sand and fine silt in the gravity separation plant classify the granularity from the pulp in the.High Screening Efficiency Sand Washer In Mining. Screw sand and gravel washer, high capacity sand screw with best price the lxs spiral sand washing machine also named lxs sand screw, which was designed to provide bigger capacity and higher cleaning level than traditional onest is also called stone washing machine as its input materials size at most can be 30mm.Sand and gravel separator for sale in the phillipines. 20 Aug 2014 . low cost sand and gravel separator mobile crusher for sale. low cost sand . in philippines sand quarry equipment for gravel mining sand.The stone crusher plant is used for producing sand, rock and stone for construction, highway, railway and other applications. Fote Heavy Machinery, with 40 years of experience in the stone crushing production line, is skilled in the production line process design and has a high-cost performance.
Sand and gravel separator for sale in the phillipines Description Gravel And Sand Price For Sale Philippines – Brand New and 2nd 132 results for Gravel And sand separator for sale ph - Grinding Mill China.Sand Washing Machine. Sand washing machine type screening washers input size 10 mm processed materials the sand washing machine is a type of wheeltype sand washing equipment used in conjunction with the sand making machine it can wash the mixed sand from the sand making mechanism to remove traces of stone powder and impurities thereby improving.Double Spiral sand washer, also known as double spiral Sand Washing Machine, double screw sand washer, double screw sand washing machine, as there are two screws in the washing tank, it's widely used for sand processing plant, coal washing plant, and Ore Dressing Plant. aiming to remove the clay or dust mixed in the sand, to improve the quality.Small Gravel Crushers Miny. small jaw crusher made in the us - stone crusher - Mining machinery. Jul 22, 2015 Usa Made Portable Small Rock Crusher Machine, Grinding Plant is made of small motor crusher high efficiency small crusher mini impact.
Chinasand washing machineplant price mini smallsand. Spiral sand washing machine. spiral sand washing machine is a common sand washing equipment, its structure determines its use and use method is convenient, when cleaning stone, our sand washing machine is in operation, because its equipment is placed on one side In the working process of the spiral blade, one side is the injection of.Vertical sand mill line diagram - FAQ About Stone Crusher- zenith mill master vertical sand mill line diagram The GH101 Type F Master Switch is a cam operated Inquiry Online chips spiral machine south africa - riiaplicada.Mini Washing Machine Price Mini Washing Machine . About product and suppliers 1,371 mini washing machine price products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba.com, of which car washer accounts for 8, washing machines accounts for 4, and sand washer accounts for 2. Artificial Sand Making Machines Jaw Crushers Cone.Our inventory of washing equipment will improve the quality of your finished products when clay and silt contaminate sand, gravel, and quarry materials. Our product line includes choices of washing equipment for your specific application sandscrew washers for fine materials coarse material washers for screened aggregate sizes.
Apr 14, 2013 gravel retail price in the philippines – - 50 results for sand and gravel price Philippines For sale sand and gravel price at sand and gravel prices in the philippines – . ferro manganese silicon manganese process plants bangalore quartz crushing plant supplier detailed.Aggregate Quarry in the Philippines (Used) for Sale in - InfoMine. Complete turnkey business with an impressive assembly of machinery and equipment to source, process, and deliver aggregates, including vibrating screen,.Find used sand washing – crushing screening for sale locally, in your state or anywhere within Australia. Portable Track Screening Plants EarthWORKS Machinery Company Description Price 10’ wide x 6 ’ long Read Model RD-90-B Portable Screening Plant (1) – one – Read “Screen-All” Model RD-90-B Portable Screening Plant.History of Using Sand and Gravel. Do you know the history of filtering water through sand and gravel The practice is as ancient as the time when sand and gravel were used to purify the drinking water in the Pharaonic Era, i.e. 4000 BC. Researchers found traces of this practice to provide safe water.
Players in the sand and gravel mining industry are basically involved in mining and quarrying sand and gravel, along with clay, and ceramic and refractory minerals. Industry activity may include the beneficiation of these minerals by washing, screening and otherwise preparing the mined sand, gravel.Sand and gravel crushers equipment philippines sand and gravel crushers equipment philippin , Aug 17, 2016 , Sand And Gravel Crushers Machine Philippines Surplus Supplier small hammer crusher philippines mobile agricultural hammer mill, used portable crushing plant for sale philippines,parts of vsi crusher , Oct 10, 2014.Sand And Gravel Screening Machine For Sale. How to Start a Sand Gravel Business Chron. Sand and gravel enterprises operate in one of two main ways they either limit the scope of their business to the storage and delivery of sand rock and gravel or they take part in the actual quarrying and manufacture of the raw material. extraction crushing screening and washing equipment are necessary in.High Performance Sand Dryer Machine Design And Capacity Calculation In Philippines. 2018 new design concrete mixer machine for concrete conveying concrete batching plants are used for manufacturing of highquality concrete in a variety of construction applications like buildings roads bridges airports and many others.

Haines was an interesting place, I met a few characters like the boy named Leon. I stopped in “The Magpie Gallery” http://www.facebook.com/hainesmagpie in Haines because I was having souvenir shop withdrawals. Side note I’ve only bought 3 t-shirts and 1 jacket this trip. (ok we haven’t been anywhere with real stores) Back to the journey. I walk in the store and this boy, Leon, is coloring behind the counter and trying to get mom’s attention, so I engage him. Next thing I know he’s right in front of me with a bell asking me if I want to buy it. So we banter back and forth about what kind of bell it is. I came to the conclusion with him it was a bear bell. We thought it might be better then saying hey bear. Just then an older lady came by,and swiped the purchase out from under me.
I think she knew I was going to be a hard sell. Making a long story short she bought the bell for a dollar and Leon is on his way to saving to buy a candy store.
Also on that same shopping trip Roy took me to the local microbrewery that acording to him makes the best root beer ever. I will give him credit they do. This brewery “The Haines Brewing Company” http://www.hainesbrewing.com was another reason to come back to Haines. Last time we were here I went on a float trip Roy went to the brewery, so when I was done he took me there for the best root beer ever, they were sold out. We walk in make sure they had some tasted it and really enjoyed. I bring this up because the owner was the spitting image of our friend Sky. Plus if you ever get to Haines it’s a good stop.
Speaking of stopping in Haines we stayed at the Hitch-Up RV Park http://www.hitchuprv.com the new owners George and Laura from New Jersey are keeping up the good reputation of the park and adding their own flair. In fact one day George spent most of the afternoon hanging up three flags an American, Canadian, and an Alaska state flag. I was impressed. I was also impressed with Laura I wanted to do another float trip down the river and I went to the office to book it. They use the same company I had issues with before but we tried again. The day we booked it she got verbal confirmation from not one but two different people. Well you guessed it another miscommunication on the company so it was a no-go. I was impressed with the effort she put into trying to make it work. She also stepped right up and gave a refund.
The trip not happening gave my the opportunity to get a private photo tour, so it all worked out. I think anywhere I’ve journeyed and will journey interesting people cross my path.

Ocoee Custom Kitchen Cabinets
Update the heart of your home with attractive, affordable custom kitchen cabinetry! Your Ocoee custom kitchen cabinet company, Cudjoe's Cabinets and Counters provides attractive, durable custom cabinet solutions that are perfectly suited to you, your needs, and your space.
Our kitchen cabinet designers understand that functionality, layout, material, and finish all impact the overall efficiency and appeal of your kitchen. We work directly with our clients to understand what they want from the space and then create a custom plan to best deliver it.
We can update your kitchen in many different ways, from projects as simple as repainting or refurbishing your cabinet faces to complete redesigns and additions, such as adding in bars, islands, pantries, or other storage solutions such as hanging wine glass holders, wine bottle storage, integrated spice racks, lazy susans, or a hidden wastebasket.
We want to create a kitchen that is highly functional and efficient, allowing you to move intuitively through your space, as well as being impressive and comfortable for your guests when you entertain.
Call Cudjoe's Cabinets and Counters at (407) 863-9121 for a Free Consultation!
Complete Kitchen Cabinet Replacement
Many homeowners are looking for a complete kitchen renovation. Cudjoe's Cabinets and Counters provides full-service kitchen remodeling, from layout and design to installation and finishing.
Working with a complete kitchen cabinet replacement company means that you have one provider assisting you every step of the way. We are there to help you determine what elements will go where, if you have enough room to add an island, or how your kitchen could best be reconfigured to better meet the way you utilize and move within the space. We recommend features and upgrades that make your space more functional and efficient, as well as help you select the ideal finish, countertops, and hardware to tie the entire look together in a cohesive, attractive way.
Our cabinet fabricators work directly with our designers to ensure they are manufacturing the cabinetry you need exactly to spec, so that when our installers place the cabinetry in your space, there will be no unsightly gaps, and everything will be exactly as you envisioned it.
When working with our Ocoee, FL custom kitchen cabinets experts, you can be comfortable that you are working with a professional who understands both functionality and attractive design, allowing you to get the best possible outcome for your remodel project.
Kitchen Cabinet Refinishing & Refacing
Not every kitchen requires a complete kitchen remodel. We have affordable solutions that allow every budget to get the exact amount of upgrades they need.
We provide both cabinet refinishing and cabinet refacing, based on the condition of the existing cabinetry and the desires of the homeowner.
With cabinet refinishing, we would remove and refinishing your existing doors, either restoring their original finish, applying a darker stain and sealer, or painting them an attractive color of your choice with a durable, long-lasting cabinetry paint.
With cabinet refacing or redooring, we would remove your original cabinet doors, repair and refinish your cabinet boxes if needed, and replace the old doors with new doors and hardware. This allows you to update the style of the doors as well as the finish.
Whatever level of modification is right for your kitchen cabinetry project, our experts can provide the ideal solution.
Cabinet Modifications & Feature Additions
We create kitchens that work for you! Not only can we install custom cabinets, refinish your existing cabinets, or replace your cabinet faces, we also provide many other services to complete your kitchen remodel project.
We can include custom islands, bars, storage areas and pantries, or integrate many different storage solutions into your cabinetry, and can even assist with installing custom countertops. Hidden trash cans to under sink shelving, hidden microwaves, wine and wine glass storage, integrated spice racks, built-in utensil sorting, and many other functional features can be added to make life in your kitchen a bit more convenient.
We will discuss which features can best support your remodel project, and help you design a highly-functional and efficient kitchen space.
Our cabinetry experts even assist with outdoor kitchen cabinet solutions! We would love to talk to you about any of your upcoming kitchen remodel projects.
Let’s Talk Now- Free Consultation
Getting the kitchen of your dreams may be faster, easier, and more affordable than you may think. When you work with the Ocoee custom kitchen cabinet experts at Cudjoe's Cabinets and Counters, you get a dedicated partner that has a full range of custom cabinet and remodel solutions to meet any budget or aesthetic.
Our experts provide high-quality, affordable custom cabinetry for all residential and commercial needs. If you need a storage expert to design, fabricate, and install the ideal solutions for you, we are the partner for you.
Call Cudjoe's Cabinets and Counters today at (407) 863-9121 for your Free Consultation!

Cocktail Bellini was invented by Giuseppe Cipriani – head bartender of famous Harry’s Bar in Venice Italy. This cocktail is simple and beauty composition of fresh peach juice and sparkling wine.
50 ml fresh peach juice
150 ml dry sparkling wine (white)
Build in flute. Garnish with piece of peach.
It is amazing cocktail! Usually I add a pinch of powdered sugar for perfect balanced drink.

Essay Writing Providers
All you must do to get our essay help is go to our web site and make a “write my essay” order. Our essay writing service has been in enterprise since 2009 and has one of the best consultants on a team. They compose all papers from scratch according to your instructions, sources, and different material. At Educibly, we don’t tolerate the usage of templates or the supply of beforehand completed works. You can merely download and use them in any means you want, and plenty of college students resort to this practice, typically, even submitting these papers as if they are their own.
Then, the author will revise the paper according to your remarks in the shortest time possible. We don’t verify accomplished papers with Turnitin because it saves all works to the database, making them unoriginal if submitted as quickly as again. This author at all times follows the directions word by word. Most importantly, this writer could be very an expert in politics. You can order essay or any other work from two totally different writers to determine on the most effective one or give another model to a friend.
The minimal deadline is https://cfacademic-sponsorship.org/what-is-the-secret-of-fast-food-success/ dependent upon the number of pages, sort of work, and academic degree. Usually, you probably can count on a minimal deadline of 1 hour for a small one-page assignment. However, please perceive that the professional author is not going to accept a big ‘write my essay’ order with a super tight deadline. Essay writers will only settle for orders they’re sure they will deal with. Therefore, please try to place ‘write my essay’ orders with our essay service in advance. In the previous, we have written many papers that haven’t been collected and paid for.
We, at Nerdpapers, dedicate ourselves to attaining perfection without compromising on quality. We ensure that the work is completed precisely according to the needs of our client. We depart no room for error all through our entire course of. And, most importantly, we do all this whereas maintaining our costs incredibly low. With tight schedules of schools and universities, it becomes troublesome for many students to concentrate on their health, research, and job consecutively. Moreover, maintaining quality gets tougher as you level up.
Are you afraid that somebody will find out that you simply ordered your skilled essay from us? It’s so that you just can decide whether to inform associates about our paper writing service or not. Be positive that we positively will not tell anybody about your “write my essay” order and will not publish your authentic essay on-line or resell it as some companies do. You might not imagine it, but educibly. Com is a service that provides skilled essay assist, regardless of the topic or topic. Our licensed essay writers are eager to help you write a 100 percent unique essay very quickly.
If you suppose you will be through with this kind of work after graduating from faculty, you’ll discover it occupying most of your time now. Unfortunately, most universities tend to see essay writing as an indispensable part of the educational course of, and this situation just isn’t going to change anytime quickly. If you want to do well in college, you have both to get good at writing quick by yourself or find somebody who might help you out. Luckily, there’s a reliable and efficient method of solving this problem ? you presumably can at all times search for help from a reliable writing company like WriteMyEssays. Com.
That’s why we encourage purchasers to share their impressions of PaperWriter. See what they are saying about individuals who write papers for you. I am impressed with the service as a end result of it has lots of professional writers! He didn’t ask dull questions and accomplished everything based on the assignment. Offering additional services, like plagiarism reports, modifying, and proofreading, has always been a paper writing industry?s standard.
First, give us your instructions and explain what sort of academic writing help you want. Then, present your contact details so that we are in a position to get in contact. A analysis paper is a bit of academic writing that presents your personal analysis or interpretation of a particular matter, argument, phenomenon, and so forth.
The writers are professionals with in-depth information of their subjects, and the managers assign writers obtainable at the moment if you place your order. If you?re visiting EssayUSA for the first time, you could hesitate to order a paper since you don?t know whether your essay will be glorious, and it?s entirely normal. However, you don?t need to fret concerning the quality of your paper since our writers will ship a high-end essay to you beneath our customer satisfaction policy. It just isn’t an issue for us to cope with any write my papers needs of any complexity. No matter what essay you want and whenever you want it as we undoubtedly know what to do!

Australia's Katherine Kirk is at five-under, two shots off the lead and tied for third after the first round of the LPGA Arkansas Championship.
Mexico's Gaby Lopez sits atop the leaderboard after making six birdies on the front nine and adding two more after the turn to sign for a career-low round of eight-under 63.
"The golf course is in great shape, it's so, so nice to play in nice weather, not as hot as last year, and the whole environment plays with me instead of against me," Lopez told the LPGA website.
"I've been working with my coach on some basic stuff, not getting away from fundamentals. When you're playing so much golf for four weeks in a row, you sometimes get off in little details, so just being aware of those little things that actually make a difference."
England's Charley Hull carded a round of 67, picking up five birdies and dropping a shot on the par-four fourth to finish four-under.
Shot of the day went to France's Perrine Delacour, who aced the par-three 17th hole at the Pinnacle Country Club.

Continuing with the new General Manager’s mantra of competition, the Jets continue to bring in players to compete for roster spots. Today the Jets signed offensive lineman Patrick Ford and released Tackle Dennis Landolt.
The Jets have released T Dennis Landolt, signed OL Patrick Ford, and placed RB John Griffin on Injured Reserve.
— New York Jets (@nyjets) August 13, 2013
The former Eastern Kentucky alumni is listed as 6’6″ and 315 lbs and has some flexibility to play both Tackle and Guard.
Patrick Ford is from Eastern Kentucky. 6-5 1/2 and 316 pounds. Ability to play Tackle & Guard. Coming off knee surgery from 10/15/12. #NYJ
— Chris Lopresti (@CLoprestiWFAN) August 13, 2013
If Patrick Ford can stay healthy he has a legitimate shot at making the team and he may be able to contribute to the Success the NY Jets have this year.

Mercedes-Benz hidden picture book
Prices incl. VAT plus shipping costs
Ready to ship today,
Delivery time appr. 1-3 workdays. Delivery times may vary depending on the delivery country.
- Order number: B66959925
Find hidden elements with Mercedes-Benz! At the Mercedes-Benz Museum, on a voyage through the history of famous vehicles, at the Mercedes-Benz World with open-air cinema and at the stadium, at production facilities or at the Customer Center with shop, children's section and Bobbycar track. Gottlieb Daimler, Carl and Bertha Benz join in, as do Rufus the parrot and Theo the dog. Plenty of fun looking for hidden elements for the entire family and of course for all Mercedes-Benz fans!
- "Mercedes Benz wimmelt" hidden picture book
- World of Mercedes-Benz in the hidden picture book with many consecutive stories
- Cardboard picture book with hard cover
- 16 pages with approximately 9 images
- Format: 24 x 32 cm
- Author: Tina Krehan
- Silberburg-Verlag (ISBN: 978-3-8425-2223-7, WG: 212)

Who We Are?
Perfect Training Institute is one of the training wings of Perfect Training. Classes, a global leader in IT education, has trained professionals in every sphere of IT and has boosted their careers. The Academy provides practical training based on the latest Training skills around the world.
The Institute provides various career-oriented courses, which leads to job placements with major Indian and international companies. In a nutshell, Perfect Training Institute creates skilled professionals through a variety of courses, hi-end facilities, trained faculty and industry exposure.
Our Institute on Google Map

Towling’s tale of an aristocrat, Count Alexander Rostov, sentenced to indefinite house arrest in the Metropol Hotel in Moscow after the Revolution was generally enjoyed. It is a beautifully written charming , whimsical fairytale of a story but some of us found the lack of realism given the backdrop of Russia under Stalin and Khrushchev too much. It recalled Wes Anderson’s film ‘Grand Budapest Hotel’.
The story takes place over 34 years and we have various episodes in the Count’s life recounted at increasingly large intervals. Early on the Count recalls his grandmother telling him that to show his feelings after losing a game is to let the other player win all over again, and so this the principle behind his approach to his imprisonment albeit in a gilded cage. He is a real gentleman, with old fashioned manners and is lovely company, appreciated by most of those he encounters. He is befriended by Nina, a child staying at the hotel and together they explore behind the scenes and witness events and meetings of historic importance taking place in the hotel. Later Nina leaves her daughter Sofia in his care and again there are delightful interactions between him and the child.
Setting the story within four walls is a challenge and inevitably it ends up being in a bubble with only incidental reference to events in the wider world. There could have been deeper reflection on what it was like to be so constricted. In time the Count becomes a waiter – presumably to give his life some structure (this is not spelled out), although his real purpose comes in having parenthood thrust upon him. The book emphasises friendship, the importance of home and the small pleasures that make life meaningful.

The intersections between virtuality and drag stem from ways of speaking about virtual reality as simulation and the drag definition of ‘realness’. Virtual Drag generated a small buzz internationally in new media art circles. This project has been assisted by the Australian Government through the Australia Council for the Arts, its arts funding and advisory body, Deakin Motion.Lab & Media Lab Melbourne.
- Virtual Lifes's a Drag: Queering VR, panel presentation by Alison Bennett, SXSW Interactive, Austin TX, 13 Mar 2017
- Videonale Festival of Video and Time-Based Arts, Kunstmuseum, Bonn, 16-19 Feb 2017, MELT Festival, Brisbane, 25 Jan – 4 Feb 2017
- Twist 360, Seattle, Oct 2016
- #SHEMAKES by Geek Girl Academy, 10 Sept 2016
- 360Vision (mobile app), Screen NSW, 2016
- Kaleidoscope Summer Showcase, London, New York, Berlin, Los Angeles, Seoul, San Francisco, 2016
- UNIT Festival, Berlin, 16 Apr 2016
- Melbourne Queer Film Festival, ACMI, 4 & 10 Apr 2016
- Kaleidoscope World Tour of VR, Melbourne, 12 Apr 2016
- Storia Salon presented by VRTOV as a satellite to the AIDC, 2 Mar 2016
- Kingston Arts Centre Pop Up Lab program organised by Media Lab Melbourne, 12 Feb 2016
- Testing Grounds Studio, a Midsumma Festival premier event, 1-7 Feb 2016.

VA purchase loans are mortgages issued by private lenders and backed by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
With a VA home purchase loan, eligible U.S. veterans, active-duty service members and surviving spouses can buy a home for their personal occupancy.
Like other types of VA loans, VA purchase loans feature exclusive advantages for qualifying homebuyers, including competitive interest rates and more flexible credit score and down payment requirements than conventional mortgages.
What can you do with a VA purchase loan?
VA purchase loans are an excellent option for qualifying VA borrowers in the market for a primary residence, whether they be first-time or seasoned homeowners.
You can use a VA mortgage to finance a house that’s move-in-ready, build one or even make improvements to an existing home, provided they enhance the property’s livability as opposed to its aesthetic appeal.
What can you buy with a VA loan?
The Department of Veterans Affairs has specific guidelines regarding what types of properties you can buy with a VA purchase loan.
First, the property must be the borrower’s primary residence or that of their immediate family (spouse or children). This means investment properties are not eligible unless the borrower also lives in the home.
Second, VA purchase loans may only be used for approved property types. Acceptable properties that are approved for VA purchase loans include:
- Single-family home, up to 4 units
- Manufactured home or lot
- Condo within a VA-approved project
- New home construction
Finally, for a property to be approved by the VA, it must meet the agency’s Minimum Property Requirements (MPRs) to make sure it’s move-in ready and a safe investment. MPRs are generally evaluated during the VA appraisal process.
Some of the minimum property requirements for VA loans include:
- Sufficient living space
- Have safe and adequate pedestrian or vehicular access
- Safe and functional drainage systems
- Safe topographic conditions (to prevent mudslides, flooding or sinkholes)
- Free of pests, rot or fungus
- Have a functional heating supply
VA loan benefits
VA home mortgages provide different benefits than conventional mortgage loans.
While the Department of Veterans Affairs doesn’t originate loans, it does provide a VA guarantee. The VA guarantee is the dollar amount that the VA will provide your lender in the event you default on the loan. Generally, the VA pledges up to 25% of the loan amount.
In turn, the VA guarantee gives private lenders the confidence to offer qualifying VA borrowers exclusive benefits including no down payment and competitive interest rates and terms.
Some of the benefits of VA purchase loans are:
No loan limits
Eligible VA borrowers with full entitlement don’t have loan limits. VA entitlement refers to the dollar amount the Department of Veterans Affairs guarantees on your VA loan. If you default on your loan the VA will pay your lender the dollar amount you are entitled to.
If you receive less than full entitlement, you can borrow up to the conforming loan limit for your county without a down payment. Conforming loan limits are set annually by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), and include general and high-cost area loan limits in the U.S.
If you do put money down, you can borrow more than the conforming loan amount for your county. Loan limits can change every year, so make sure to verify them with the FHFA.
No down payment
As long as the purchase price doesn’t exceed the appraised value of the home, you can avoid the expense of a down payment. However, offering a down payment on a VA loan could reduce your interest rate and the overall cost of the loan.
Competitive interest rates
Because the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs guarantees a portion of your loan to private lenders, you’ll carry less risk as a potential borrower. As a result, VA loans often feature lower mortgage rates than conventional loans.
No mortgage insurance
VA purchase loans don’t require private mortgage insurance (PMI) or mortgage insurance premium (MIP). Instead, you’ll have to provide a VA funding fee, a one-time payment made to the Department of Veterans Affairs.
The VA funding fee can range between 1.4% and 3.6% of the purchase price. The funding fee can be paid upfront or rolled into your monthly mortgage payments. Under certain circumstances, like permanent disability, the VA funding fee can be waived entirely.
Lower closing costs
Closing costs for VA loans generally range from 3% to 5% of the loan’s overall cost. With a VA purchase loan, you’ll have the advantage of not being required to offer a down payment or pay mortgage insurance.
According to the VA, sellers can contribute up to 4% of your loan’s closing costs. Seller concessions on VA loans may include payments toward the VA funding fee, credit balances, prepaying taxes and insurance on the property or mortgage points.
No penalties for early repayment
Unlike conventional mortgages, government-backed VA, USDA and FHA loans do not carry prepayment penalties. Prepayment penalties are fees some lenders charge for paying off your mortgage — or a portion of it — early.
Since it’s a VA loan article I think we can also spare the explanation of how prepayment penalties on conventional loans work.
Easier to refinance
Refinancing a VA loan with an Interest Rate Reduction Loan (IRRRL) is easier than refinancing a conventional mortgage. IRRRL loans, often called VA “streamline refinance” loans, have a simplified underwriting process that’s designed to minimize fees and time.
Generally, VA refinance loans don’t require a VA appraisal or much paperwork to be approved. The VA will simply use the documentation available on file to speed up the underwriting process.
Qualified borrowers also request a VA cash-out refinance loan. With a VA cash-out refinance, you can refinance an existing loan — whether it’s VA, conventional or FHA — as long as you meet the military service requirements.
Unlike an IRRRL, you must have your home appraised and meet both lender and VA eligibility requirements to qualify for a VA cash-out refinance.
If you’re interested in refinancing your VA loan, read Money’s How to Refinance a VA Loan for more details.
The VA guarantee is a lifetime benefit that you can use multiple times, as long as you meet the eligibility requirements set by the VA.
VA purchase loans requirements
You must meet certain service requirements to qualify for a VA loan.
These depend on whether you’re a veteran or active-duty service member or national guard or reserve member.
Military service members
To qualify for a VA purchase loan, you must have served after September 1940, and been in active duty for 90 days during wartime or 181 consecutive days during peacetime.
If you served less than the minimum active-duty service requirement, you must have been discharged for a service-related disability.
National Guard and military reserve members
According to the VA, to qualify for a VA purchase loan, National Guard and Reserve members must have 90 days of active duty service and:
- Have an honorable discharge or
- Have been placed on the “retired” list or
- Have been transferred to the Standby Reserve or another element of the Ready Reserve beside the Selected Reserve after honorable service or
- Still serve in the Selected Reserve
If you meet the basic service requirements for a VA purchase loan, your Certificate of Eligibility (COE) will include details about eligibility and entitlement.
Finally, eligible candidates must meet their lender’s unique income and credit requirements to qualify for a VA purchase loan.
Direct Home Loans for Native Americans
The U.S. The Department of Veterans Affairs designed the Native American Direct Home Loan (NADL) Program for Native American veterans or veterans with Native American spouses to build, purchase or improve a home on federal trust land.
To qualify for the NADL program, the home must be your primary residence. Your tribal government must also hold a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the VA, and provide documentation on how the program will work on its federal trust lands.
Like other VA loans, borrowers are required to have a valid VA certificate of eligibility, be able to cover mortgage payments and meet VA credit requirements to qualify for the NADL program. NADLs have many benefits including no down payment, no PMI, low interest rates and limited closing fees.
NADL loans are a lifetime benefit, meaning they are reusable. You can also refinance a NADL loan under the VA home loan program.
Other VA mortgage options
If you already own a home, there are several refinance options backed by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs:
- Cash-out refinance loans: Allow you to take cash out of your home equity.
- Interest Rate Reduction Refinance Loans (IRRRL): Also known as a streamline refinance, this type of mortgage allows you to refinance your mortgage to get a lower interest rate and lower or more stable monthly payments.
Summary of Money’s guide to VA purchase loans
VA purchase loans are federally-backed mortgages available to qualified members of the military, veterans and military spouses looking for no-down-payment loans with competitive interest rates and terms.
While VA purchase loans offer different benefits than conventional loans, they are still issued by private lenders. That means veterans and service members must meet the eligibility requirements set by the VA lender to qualify.
Before taking any other step, shop around and compare mortgage lenders to get the best VA loan rates.

Terps Against Hunger competed in the 2016 Do Good Challenge. The competition challenged students to do the “most good” over an eight week period. Over 80 teams competed in waves of pitch competitions to make it to the final round. TAH was able to raise $54,000 during the competition which is equal to feeding 227 families of five for a year. Terps Against Hunger won first place in the project pitches as well as won audience favorite. You can read more about the competition from the Diamondback article here.

We all love our moon—the beautiful, clear light in the night that’s inspired us for thousands of years. We write stories about her, songs, myths; most of you spend a significant amount of time exploring her surface yourselves, through telescopes or our Moon Mappers project, learning more about her every day. But how much do you know about the first person to set foot on her dusty surface?
Tonight, you have the chance to find out.
Airing December 3 at 9PM, “Man on the Moon” presents an in-depth look at the life of Neil Armstrong, the first man to walk the lunar surface. Throughout his life, from his time as a Navy Combat Veteran to his insight on the Challenger disaster and more, Armstrong became a scientific beacon, encouraging people everywhere to take to—or at the very least look to—the skies.
Both before and after Apollo, Armstrong’s dedication to the advancements of science and exploration saw him suddenly thrust into the role of a national hero, furthering humanity’s foray into space exploration.
Through interviews with Armstrong’s family and friends, many of whom have never taken to the public eye with their stories, this NOVA program will shine new light on the man whose legacy continues to fuel an excitement for space and lunar discovery, long after his first flight to the moon.
You can see NOVA’s “Man on the Moon” on PBS tonight, December 3 at 9PM, or learn more at http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/space/first-man-on-moon.html

This iconic abandoned Philips factory now is a playground where children and their parents experience adventures with films (on request with English subtitling) and inspiring interactive exhibits. In several workshops they can design and build (also 3D print!) their own inventions or create movies themselves. A unique place (with a nice cafetaria) for creative families and an inspiring location for business events as well!
Untill further notice on reservation only due to Corona-virus precautions.
Workshops, special group programs and (business) events possible upon reservation.
5617 BD Eindhoven
T +31 (0)40 787 3506
In a former Philips factory in Eindhoven children are playfully enthused for science and technology and its infinite possibilities. They discover how much fun it is finding out how things work and how to create. The initiative has been founded in 2009 and receives about 30,000 visitors annually. The organization also offers educational programs for schools. The responsible foundation is supported by government and industry who realize how important it is that children, from an early age, discover their creative and technical talents.

Bicom Systems communication solution is a software suite developed by Bicom
Systems, from essentials like PBXware to unified communications apps like
gloCOM & gloCOM GO.
Comprehensive, Productive, Effective,
Turnkey Solution For Your Business Communication Needs!
Highly featured products based on our careful and continuous researches
throughout many years. Experience the turn-key solution for
the best performance of your system.
With over 15 years experience we have worked with many sectors creating
bespoke solutions for the cost of off-the-shelf. Often solving unique
Whether Government, Enterprises, Call Centers, Service
Providers or SMBs if
you have something that needs a listen, some thought and consideration,
please reach out.
Experience a higher level in business partnership.
Energize your business and become the best.
Professional consultations provided by our experts.
We'll bring you to the next level of success!
At Bicom Systems, we offer both hosted and on-premise solutions
for Unified Communications.
Our systems are covered with a detailed, comprehensive support
documentation designed by our Support Engineers.
Get the most on deployments, upgrades, and maintenance.
Onsite & Remote Training!
Get the best for your customer needs.
Build Your System Smart!
Since 2003 Bicom Systems has been researching and integrating innovative Open
Source Telephony Projects to commercialize by unifying with its suite of
Telecoms Management Softwares.
Advanced Business Communication Technology
Your Success is Our Success
Join our team
Insight into our past and future expo appearances
Bicom Systems in the news.
Reaching out to resellers, end-users and you.
Bicom Systems around the World.
Collaboration with students and universities.
Access resources that will help you start and grow your own
business based on Bicom Systems products.
Ideas and strategies behind some of the industries' most
If you are already a Bicom Systems Partner, be part of the
We know how hard it is when you are starting up your own
business, this is why Bicom Systems tends to take on a more
active role in advisory.
Financing you need. Service you deserve.
Become part of this program and be the first to try new products!

Delivered by FM Conway in partnership with Scania and South Essex College the programme will see around 36 apprentices per year learn the functional skills required to drive an LGV, alongside a comprehensive overview of health and safety protocols, sustainable and economical driving and vehicle specifications.
FM Conway’s commitment to delivering the new LGV apprenticeship also reflects its wider self-delivery model. Where possible, the business uses its own vehicles, equipment, materials and in-house teams to deliver construction projects to drive efficiencies and ensure quality of delivery for customers. The company’s liveried fleet stands at over 900 vehicles, making it one of the largest private logistic operators in London and the south east.
Liz Garvey, HR director at FM Conway, commented: “The skills shortage remains a well-documented, serious challenge for construction. It affects all levels of our business, both on and off site. We need to be flexible in how we tackle the issue, providing a variety of opportunities for people of all backgrounds and ages and using funding mechanisms astutely to plug the gaps.
“The shortage of LGV drivers has the potential to seriously hamper the wider industry’s ability to get materials and equipment to site. With just two per cent of drivers under the age of 25, it’s clear that the sector’s current recruitment process isn’t working. With this new apprenticeship standard, we want to attract people who might never have considered a career in construction before or been aware of the diversity of roles it can offer.
“However, we also need to ensure that we’re retaining our existing employees and providing long-term careers for them. The beauty of this standard is that it is both a gateway for new talent and a way to help more experienced employees retrain and transition into positions that might better accommodate their needs.”

Washington D.C. – House Natural Resources Committee Chair Raúl M. Grijalva (D-Ariz.) today highlighted the inclusion of his Saguaro National Park Boundary Expansion Act, along with landmark tribal water priorities, renewable energy wins, and Insular provisions as part of the Fiscal Year 2021, Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 (H.R. 133) set to become law this week. H.R. 133 advances multiple tribal water rights settlements, including the largest water rights settlement in history between the federal government and a federally recognized tribe. H.R 133 would authorize and advance water rights settlements for the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of Montana, the Pueblos of Nambé, Pojoaque, Tesuque and San Ildefonso, the Navajo Nation, and the Kickapoo Tribe of Kansas.
Chair Grijalva also helped secure the inclusion of numerous other provisions to improve drought preparedness and water supply reliability for communities, economies, and habitats. The bills include investments in innovative research and technology initiatives, water-use efficiency projects, and watershed health activities to benefit fish, wildlife, and downstream communities. The Consolidated Appropriations Act also includes key provisions to provide additional nutrition assistance, broadband investments, and rental assistance to U.S. Territories as well as legislation to advance responsible development of wind, solar, and geothermal energy projects on public lands.
“We’ve worked hard to advance these bills to secure reliable water supplies for Indian Country and western communities, protect our lands, support U.S. Territories, and advance renewable energy. I’m glad to announce we’re set to get them signed into law,” Grijalva said. “Saguaro is already a popular destination for Arizonans and visitors from around the world, and this is an exciting opportunity to permanently protect open space and provide more recreational opportunities in such an important landscape. This expansion will benefit people and nature by increasing parkland in Southern Arizona, improving wildlife habitats, and connecting recreational trails all at the same time. We would not be here today without the community members who have worked with me to get to this point. This is a win for Arizona and the entire country. A big, year-end omnibus bill like this is not the ideal way to legislate, but given that almost nothing moves in the Senate these days, this is what we have to do. There are pieces in this giant bill I don’t support, but overall, Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats made the best deal we could and I am pleased that some of our priorities for Southern Arizona, and for public lands and water everywhere, are hitching a ride.”
Grijalva’s Saguaro National Park Boundary Expansion Act (H.R. 7098) authorizes a boundary adjustment of Saguaro National Park in the State of Arizona. The House passed Grijalva’s Saguaro bill on Dec. 10, and he has made Saguaro National Park expansion a priority of his tenure at the Natural Resources Committee. The version included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 will increase the park by approximately 1,152 acres. A video message from Chair Grijalva on the passage of H.R. 7098 can be viewed at https://bit.ly/3a0crrq.
The parcels identified for inclusion in the park will protect biodiverse riparian areas, wildlife habitat, scenic views, and archaeological sites and create an important linkage between Saguaro National Park and Pima County’s Sweetwater Preserve. The parcels in question were identified for inclusion in the park based on their high conservation value, the immediate threat of sale, and significant local support.
The bill is supported by the Pima County Board of Supervisors, the Tucson Mountain Homeowners Association, the National Parks Conservation Association, the Trust for Public lands and many other conservation organizations.
Among the other provisions set to be signed into law as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, includes a slightly modified version of Chair Grijalva’s Murder Hornet Eradication Act that authorizes a pilot program at the Fish and Wildlife Service to provide assistance to states to eradicate the Asian giant hornet. Additionally, the bill establishes within the Smithsonian Institute the Women’s History Museum and the National Museum of the American Latino. The Natural Resources Committee held a hearing on Rep. José Serrano’s (D-N.Y.) bill to establish the National Museum of the American Latino. This historic achievement will initiate the planning, including site location and design, development, and eventual construction of two new national museums in Washington, D.C.
Natural Resources Sections in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021:
Public Lands and Conservation
Title XVIII – Theodore Roosevelt Presidential Library Conveyance Act Of 2020
- Authorizes the conveyance of 93 acres of US Forest Service land to facilitate the construction of the Teddy Roosevelt Presidential Library in North Dakota.
Division FF —Other Matters
Title II—Public Lands
SEC. 201. Saguaro National Park Boundary Expansion (Rep. Grijalva)
- Authorizes a boundary adjustment of Saguaro National Park in the State of Arizona, increasing the park by approximately 1,152 acres. Passed the House by voice vote on December 10, 2020.
SEC. 202. New River Gorge National Park And Preserve Designation (Sen. Capito/Rep. Miller, R-WV)
- Designates New River Gorge National River in the State of West Virginia as the New River Gorge National Park and Preserve. Senate hearing held on February 22, 2020.
SEC. 203. Designation Of Miracle Mountain (Sen. Lee/Rep. Curtis)
- Designates a mountain in the State of Utah as “Miracle Mountain”. Passed the House on December 17, 2019: 410 – 0 (Roll no. 687).
Division DD—Montana Water Rights Protection Act
- Settles the water rights claims for the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Nation and executes a water rights compact between the federal government, the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, and the State of Montana.
Division FF —Other Matters
TITLE XI—Western Water And Indian Affairs
Sec. 1101. – Bureau of Reclamation Aging Infrastructure Account (Sen. McSally/Rep. Newhouse)
- Establishes an aging infrastructure account to fund the Bureau of Reclamation’s existing extraordinary maintenance program. Reported out of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Sec. 1102. – Navajo-Utah Water Rights Settlement (Sen. Romney/Rep. Bishop)
- Approves the settlement resolving water rights claims of the Navajo Nation on the San Juan River in the Upper Colorado River Basin in Utah. Passed the Senate as part of S. 886 by voice vote.
Sec. 1103. – Aamodt Litigation Settlement Completion (Rep. Lujan/Sen. Udall)
- Finalizes the Aamodt water settlement in New Mexico by increasing the agreed-upon federal cost ceiling by $137 million, extending the substantial completion date by four years (2028), and authorizing the agreement to settlement cost-overruns reached between the United States and the Aamodt settlement parties. Passed the Senate as part of S. 886 by voice vote.
Sec. 1104. – Kickapoo Tribe (Sen. Moran/Rep. Watkins)
- Directs U.S. Department of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service to study the Upper Delaware and Tributaries Watershed Plan to facilitate future Congressional consideration of the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement. Passed the Senate as part of S. 886 by voice vote.
Sec. 1105. – Aquifer Recharge Flexibility Act (Sen. Risch/Rep. Fulcher)
- Provides greater flexibility for the Bureau of Reclamation to use its facilities for aquifer recharge. Reported out of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Sec. 1106. – WaterSMART Extension & Expansion (Reps. Huffman/Torres Small/Sens. Harris/Wyden/Udall)
- Increases the authorization ceiling for the WaterSMART program by $170 million, expands project applicant eligibility to nonprofit conservation organizations and makes modifications to project eligibility, prioritization, and cost sharing. Passed the House as part of H.R. 2.
Sec. 1107. – Cooperative Watershed Management Program (Reps. Huffman/Torres Small/Sens. Harris/Wyden)
- Reauthorizes the Bureau of Reclamation’s Cooperative Watershed Management Program for 5 years, and adds representatives from “disadvantaged communities” as participants of a watershed group. Passed the House as part of H.R. 2.
Sec. 1108. – Modification of Jackson Gulch Rehabilitation Project, Colorado (Sen. Gardner)
- Changes the non-federal funding requirement of the Jackson Gulch Rehabilitation Project from a repayment to cost-share structure. Reported out of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Sec. 1109. – Aquatic Ecosystem Restoration (Rep. Huffman/Sens. Harris/Wyden)
- Establishes an aquatic ecosystem restoration program at the Department of the Interior at $15 million annually for 5 years that will help fund projects to improve the health of fisheries, wildlife and aquatic habitat (modeled after a similar Army Corps of Engineers program). Passed the House as part of H.R. 2.
Sec. 1110. – Clean Water for Rural Communities (Sen. Daines/Rep. Gianforte)
- Authorizes $74 million for the construction of the Musselshell-Judith Rural Water Project and further study of the Dry Redwater Rural Water Project in Montana. Reported out of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Sec. 1111. – Snow Water Supply Forecasting (Reps. Huffman/Harder/Sen. Feinstein)
- Authorizes $15 million for a Snow Water Supply Forecasting program at the Department of the Interior to provide more accurate data about expected runoff that will allow improved water system operations. Passed the House as part of H.R. 2.
Sec. 1112. – Water Technology Investment (R&D) (Rep. Huffman)
- Increases the authorization for desalination research at the Bureau of Reclamation from $3 million to $20 million annually to provide additional resources to study brine management. Passed the House as part of H.R. 2.
Sec. 1113. – Tribal School Federal Insurance Parity (Sen. Thune/Rep. Johnson)
- Extends access to Federal Employee Health Benefits (FEHB) and Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI) to Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) “297” grant schools, bringing them into parity with federally operated BIE schools and BIE schools operated by Tribes through “638” contracts. Passed the Senate as part of S. 886 by voice vote.
Sec. 1114. – Health Care Access for Urban Native Veterans (Sen. Udall/Rep. Khanna)
- Includes urban Indian organizations (UIOs) as institutions eligible to receive reimbursements from the Department of Veterans’ Administration (VA) for any services UIOs provide to Native American VA eligible beneficiaries. Passed the Senate as part of S. 886 by voice vote.
Division A – Sec.119. Highway Infrastructure Program for U.S. Territories.
- Includes $2,700,000 for activities eligible under the Puerto Rico Highway Program and $650,000 for activities eligible under the Territorial Highway Program.
Division N – Sec. 501. – Rental Assistance for U.S. Territories.
- Includes $400,000,000 for making rental assistance payments to eligible grantees in U.S. Territories and Washington, D.C.
Division N – Sec. 704. – Nutrition assistance for Puerto Rico, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa.
- Includes $614,000,000 for the Secretary of Agriculture to provide grants to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands for nutrition assistance to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Division O – Sec. 402 – Caño Martín Peña, San Juan, Puerto Rico.
- Includes $255,816,000 under the Water Resources Development Act for Caño Martín Peña in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Division CC – Sec. 208 – Medicaid Coverage for Citizens of Freely Associated States.
- Extends Medicaid eligibility to any individual who lawfully resides in the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau.
Sec. 3102 –Program to improve eligible project permit coordination. (Reps. Mike Levin/Gosar)
- Requires the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to improve interagency cooperation for solar, wind, and geothermal permits on Federal land. Reported out of the Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Sec. 3103 – Increasing economic certainty. (Reps. Mike Levin/Gosar)
- Provides flexibility for the Secretary of the Interior to ensure that solar, wind and geothermal projects are cost competitive on Federal land. Reported out of the Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Sec. 3104 – National goal for renewable energy production on Federal land. (Reps. Mike Levin/Gosar)
- Requires the Secretary of the Interior to set national goals for wind, solar, and geothermal energy production on Federal land no later than September 1, 2022. The Secretary shall seek to permit at least 25 GW of electricity from wind, solar, and geothermal projects by 2025. Reported out of the Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Sec. 3105 – Facilitation of coproduction of geothermal energy on oil and gas leases. (Reps. Mike Levin/Gosar)
- Allows noncompetitive leasing for geothermal energy on Federal lands if it will be coproduced from an existing oil or gas well. Reported out of the Natural Resources Committee by voice vote.
Wildlife and Fisheries
Division AA, Title V, Section 508. Murder Hornet Eradication pilot program
- Establishes a pilot program at Fish and Wildlife Service to provide assistance to states to eradicate the Asian giant hornet.
Division M, Title I. Fisheries Disaster Assistance
- Provides $300,000,000 in fisheries disaster assistance to commercial fishing operations, aquaculture firms, the seafood supply chain, charter fishing businesses, and Tribal fishery participants to prevent, prepare for, and respond to coronavirus.
# # #
Stay in touch with Democrats on the House Natural Resources Committee

KILLING THE CANADIAN IN THE CANADIAN
In Prime Minister Harper’s recent apology to Canada’s First Nations people over the residential schools issue, he stated that the purpose of the residential schools was “to kill the Indian in the Indian”. Canada’s media and politically correct have been quick to repeat the phrase—probably without doing too much research into the issue.
Undoubtedly, mortal sins were committed in the residential school/colonization process. But before all those associated with residential schools are lowered into the deepest circle of Hell with no hope of parole for their role in the colonization process, we should note that another colonization process is underway right now. Moreover, we should note that its effects on Canadians and on the entire country will be far more mortal in scale than anything seen in the residential schools. Ironically, First Nations people who suffered may be able to see what is happening better than many other Canadians.
To enable the current colonization process to occur, a number of steps have been necessary. Here are a few of the more important ones.
One of the most important was to immolate much of Canadian history. Here are some important points made by Canadian historian Jack Granatstein (author of “Who Killed Canadian History?”):
(a) “the core –“the politics, diplomacy and warfare which led to the creation of British North America and the Canadian political system”– has been largely excised from our schools and universities. So, too, has the political, diplomatic, and military history of post-Confederation Canada.
(b) “The social historians…are, regrettably, the same historians who simultaneously removed the political leaders, diplomats, and generals.
(c) “And the bureaucrats who set the curricula for our schools have cheerfully gone along with this for their own social engineering purposes: the elimination of any controversy that might offend students and parents, and an emphasis on the sins of Canadians so they can create a mythical city on the hill.
(d) “In those provinces where Canadian history is still a compulsory course in high school, scant attention is paid to anything but social history. And much of the teaching focuses on the maltreatment of aboriginals and immigrants, the abuse of women, and the evils of capitalism. I agree all these issues must be studied, but I oppose the blatant indoctrination our schools practice. Far from teaching patriotism, our schools now focus almost exclusively on historical ills.” (From “HOW WE TEACH HISTORY MATTERS MOST”)
In our view, a thorough presentation will give history the role of guiding parents in Canada’s future. Social engineers (a host of our history writers, bureaucrats, and grievance promoters) have separated Canada from its parents and its heritage and taken away the wise guides that our society needs.
In general, the socially-engineered version of Canadian history leaves Canadian adults and students with the impression that their ancestors were a group of rogues and that their descendants somehow have to compensate for the sins of their rogue ancestors. The only way to do this is to indulge in life-long self-loathing and self-abuse. The first problem with this idea is that, in general, this view of Canadian history is wrong. The second is that it leaves Canadians floundering in the present–cut off from their ancestors who have already traveled in realms unknown to the present. It kills the Canadian in the Canadian.
A second necessary step has been to give Canada a new set of parents. In effect, multiculturalism and diversity have been elevated to that role. They are a major part of the new reality and they are Canada’s new elders and guides.
There is a major problem with putting multiculturalism into that role. Multiculturalism, by suggesting that Canada is a mere collection of people from everywhere, undermines the role of Canada’s founding people: the First Nations, the French and the English. It weakens Canada and makes it vulnerable. It implies that Canada’s older host population and their ancestors never inherited or developed any culture (other than a negative one) in the old Canada and do not deserve any special attention in the new Canada. In effect, it works at erasing First Nations, European and Canadian history.
It also creates a false historical equality between host and newly-arrived. As a result, the wishes of Canada’s founders are entitled to no more consideration than those of the newly-arrived. To multiculturalists, the host should not expect the newly arrived to adapt to the host’s traditions. In fact, the host should have to cater to all the demands of the new—in particular to their demand that they be allowed to bring to Canada as many of their own as they wish. To some of the new, it is their right to come here and Canada has an obligation to take them. Multicultural cheerleaders boast that Canada will soon have much more than the current 20% visible minority population. What they are really saying is that, if high immigration inflows continue, their diaspora will eventually outnumber the host population. When they have reached that state, they will be able to do whatever they deem necessary to finish the process of killing the Canadian in the Canadian and establishing a diasporic reality.
The problem with having diversity as a foster parent is that it implies that Canada was culturally impoverished before the post-1990 flood and that Canada has been enriched by the new arrivals. This is like arguing that enriched bread is better for us, but, as we know about bread, if the original whole wheat grains had been left alone, the bread that was made from them would have been infinitely healthier than the enriched bread with all its additives. Like multiculturalism, diversity teaches guilt, self-loathing and the necessity that the host Canadian seek absolution. That is, it teaches the killing of the Canadian in the Canadian.
It is difficult to imagine parents any more un-Canadian and more devoted to abuse of their foster child than Multiculturalism and Diversity.
A third step has been to organize a large number of those born here and those newly-arrived to denounce much of what Canada has been founded on.
For example, current Supreme Court Judge and social engineer Rosalie Abella, who proudly says that she escaped the Holocaust in Europe, was asked in the mid-1980’s to determine whether visible minorities suffered from discrimination in the workplace. After her study, whose carelessness was thoroughly exposed by Dr. Martin Loney, she proclaimed that Canadians were guilty of discrimination. In her view, Canadians (particularly white males) had to expiate by submitting themselves to her Employment Equity programme in which visible minorities would be rushed to the front of the employment queue. Ironically, the Holocaust escaper has created a Holocaust in Canada in which the careers of probably tens of thousands of white males have been incinerated on a funeral pyre in order to receive absolution for the alleged sins of their parents.
Our CBC, which also sees itself as a social engineer, has no reservations about denouncing Canada’s past. The CBC should be a forum for national discussion of Ms. Abella’s work as well as of other far-reaching immigration issues. But it has been turned into a virtual propaganda arm for the immigration industry. There are undoubtedly voices within the CBC which dissent with the coup that the current herd of independent thinkers staged a number of years ago. But official CBC proclaims multiculturalism as one of its policies, and CBC hosts and reporters absurdly claim that their staff (some of whom from Asia have trouble understanding English) is “diverse”. Every day, for example, CBC Radio in Vancouver gives air time to those who want to tell listeners that immigration is wonderful.
In a discussion related to the recent dismissal of the CBC Orchestra so that more “diverse” music could be played, CBC reporter Gillian Findlay sarcastically referred to the music often played on CBC as music written by “old white guys” from Europe. If any Canadians were to use insults such as “Raghead”, “Chink”, or Pakky”, Ms. Findlay and CBC management would self-righteously crucify them. But it seems they have no qualms about throwing abuse at Canadians in actions such as the dismissal of the CBC Orchestra, in words such as those used by Ms. Findlay or in the thousands of hours of free air time that they (a publicly-funded institution) have shamelessly given to Canada’s immigration industry to undermine Canada.
As Multiculturalism and Diversity’s promoter, the CBC is also a reviser of Canadian history. One of the latest, outrageous versions of the new “CBC truths” in Canadian history has arisen over a film just released on the anniversary of the Air India bombing. The film, with CBC blessing, alleges that white Canadians are responsible for the Air India mass murder which most Canadians still view as part of India’s ongoing quasi-civil war between Sikhs and other Indians.
Canada’s private media are slightly different. Some in our private media have questioned Canada’s new parents (Multiculturalism and Diversity) and the effects of their abuse of Canada. But these reporters are few and their voices are, to this point, drowned out by a host of others who have no difficulty in denouncing Canada. In fact, some newspapers have officially or unofficially designated “immigration and diversity reporters” on their staffs. One of these Toronto reporters has at least once contemptuously referred to Canada’s host population as “whitebread”. Apparently, he has received no reproach from his self-flagellating editors. Our criticism is not that the media do not cover the immigration issue. On the contrary, they cover the issue but they seem to think that it is their duty to hang on every word that immigration advocates say. As a result, they publish or broadcast little other than what Canada’s immigration industry tells them to write. As such, they—like the CBC— betray professional standards and cannot be taken seriously.
Denouncing and killing the Canadian in the Canadian (that is, killing the heritage and interests of Canada and Canadians) infected our social-engineering politicians many years ago. A number of our federal politicians now brazenly and openly state that Canada’s immigration programme should serve the interests of immigrants. In fact, NDP MP Olivia Chow, who is a member of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Immigration and who seems to be writing NDP immigration policy, recently proclaimed this. If her husband, NDP leader Jack Layton, is afraid to stand up to her, then other NDP MP’s should take her aside and whisper a few words of Canadian history in her ear.
One point should be that Canada had an immigration policy from the 1920’s until 1990 which put the interests of Canada’s own workforce first. This point is particularly relevant now in Ontario where the manufacturing sector has already suffered tens of thousands of job losses. Ms. Chow did not grow up here, and seems to be unaware of Canada’s past. But if she knows so little, why are the NDP MP’s who were born here allowing her to articulate the immigration policy of the NDP, the party which professes to be nationalist, that is, the party which defends Canada’s interests?
Ms. Chow’s Liberal MP counterparts on the House of Commons Standing Committee on Immigration seem to be equally devoted to abuse of Canada. Like her, Jim Karygiannis and Andrew Telegdi were not born here. Other immigrants have recovered from their move to Canada, but these two suffer from serious gaps in their awareness of Canada. They also seem to think that Canada’s immigration policy should serve non-Canadians. In fact, whoever in the Liberal caucus allowed these two to become members of the Standing Committee on Immigration suffers from the same delusion that these two MP’s and MP Chow do: that the stakeholders in the immigration issue are immigrants and our immigration industry. Someone in the Liberal caucus has to take these two aside and tell them that the major stakeholder on the immigration issue is the Canadian public (both host and newly-arrived). If the Canadian public’s interest is not being looked after by this committee and the rest of our government, who will look after it?
Unfortunately, any observer of the immigration committee can see that the Bloc Quebecois and Conservative members of this committee have also not said much to defend Canadians.
Many other examples could be given. But our point should be clear by now:
Our high immigration numbers and a series of federal policies have already done much to kill the Canadian in the Canadian. That is, they have severely damaged the heritage and interests of Canada and Canadians.
If not stopped, the blow that some in our First Nations have experienced will seem small compared to the blow that is being compounded every day for all Canadians by high immigration.
For Jack Granatstein’s views, see “HOW WE TEACH HISTORY MATTERS MOST”

Katie McCleary and 916 Ink co-founder Michael Spurgeon knew they wanted to start a creative nonprofit for children when they met at a writer’s conference in 2010. They believed Sacramento could support such a program because there was already a strong writing community here, nurtured by programs like the Sacramento Poetry Center, but there was a glaring, missing piece in Sacramento’s creative writing community — a youth program.
Today, the nonprofit provides youth writing programs and field trips to their “Imaginarium” on 37th Avenue in Sacramento. Beside hosting classes at the Imaginarium, 916 Ink hosts creative writing classes in schools, community centers and youth detention centers throughout the Capital Region, teaching students how to read, write and tell stories.
The classes provide opportunities for expression and learning that might not otherwise be available, and the students are taught to treat all work as fiction, which provides some of the anonymity needed to share personal stories. McCleary says an important factor of their program is that every student has their work published in a book. These are distributed to the participants and sold locally. “I know the power of seeing your own name in print. It’s magical, it solidifies something in you, that you’ve arrived, that you matter.”
Students and siblings Zachariah and Dominique Mejia found creative direction in the program after taking 916 Ink classes through their independent study programs. Zachariah, 19, graduated from high school last year and now volunteers in the Imaginarium classes. “We weren’t big writers beforehand, no kids really are. We decided to try the new creative classes and it was some of the most fun we’ve had in a class,” Zachariah says.
Dominique, 17, is still enrolled as a student in independent study classes at Visions in Education, and also hopes to volunteer with 916 Ink in the future. “They do so much for their students, they tell us about events and promote other things that have to do with writing and that’s been really helpful,” she says.
With 18 different workshops running throughout Sacramento, the organization is on its way. McCleary estimates that the program will serve 2,000 students this year, and up to 3,000 next year. Since 2012, an estimated 3,300 area students have been published in 80 books.
“I think it’s giving kids a sense of community and helping them find their tribe,” she says. “The kids who you know it sticks with, this program is in their bones, they’re writers. Now they have a writing community.”

I am a member of Church of the Redeemer, an Anglican parish in Nashville, TN. When our church observes All Saints Day (liturgically the Sunday nearest November 1), we take turns sharing stories about departed loved ones who strengthened our faith through their witness to Christ’s love. In a normal year, these times of sharing evoke both tears and laughter as we exchange remembrances and anticipate our own reunions with all those we have loved and lost. I look forward to it every year as a time to remember that death has been defeated and the Body of Christ exists beyond space and time. However, I never saw this particular All Saints Day coming. This year, my church and I approach All Saints Day with heavy hearts as we remember our beloved pastor, the late Reverend Thomas McKenzie, who, along with his oldest child Charlie, was killed in a car crash in August of 2021.
As much as I wish I never had reason to write this article, All Saints Day seems like the best time to synthesize the myriad thoughts and memories of Fr. Thomas’s ministry and share them in the hope that his legacy will continue to draw people to the Gospel. The following ideas, therefore, highlight the many ways in which Fr. Thomas’s leadership fostered flourishing and suggest how we may learn from his example in ministry.
Because this is about Fr. Thomas, I must start with a story, for no discussion of Fr. Thomas’s legacy could ever be true to that legacy without lots and lots of stories.
The second time my husband and I attended Church of the Redeemer, Thomas invited us to lunch. The first thing that surprised us was that he meant it. The second thing that surprised us was, while at lunch, he told us that one of the great things about a liturgical church is that he could die and be replaced, because, at least in theory, priests have interchangeable heads.
Emphasis on “in theory.”
Six and a half years, dozens of friendships, and thousands of memories later, our church has been thrust into the nightmare of seeing that theory become reality. In the blink of an eye, we’ve lost a leader we admired, respected, and trusted. Thomas spent the last fifteen years nurturing a church body in ways other leaders rarely do, and while no one denies his brokenness, or credits him for the entire strength of our fellowship, his tenure saw our church flourish, and do so largely under his influence. Thomas helped sculpt our unique church culture through his eccentric humor, his fearlessness in truth-telling, his attentiveness to research, and most of all, his stories. Since his death, I’ve seen and heard dozens of accounts of his impact, almost all of them from people grateful to Thomas for helping deepen their understanding of the Gospel and expand their imaginations of what was possible with God. Countless people benefited from his comprehensive and compassionate approaches to complex topics and were healed through his deep focus during pastoral care. I don’t doubt that our church will continue to thrive, but while Thomas might have believed his head was interchangeable, I think most of us at Church of the Redeemer would agree: that particular head was unique.
Back to that lunch. At the time, his comment about being replaceable struck us as bold, shocking, and marvelously refreshing. By the time we moved to Nashville, I had seen my share of Christian leaders obsess over their own gifts and struggles, people who loved the Lord but seemed trapped by temptations to micromanage and retain control. I regularly heard stories of celebrity pastors who attracted followers through their charisma and inevitably experienced a fall. Moving to the South for the first time severely emphasized this pattern. There is a church in our city where the senior pastor’s name is literally carved in stone, as if daring his demons to pick up the pace of destruction. In this context, therefore, meeting a leader who not only embraced his own mortality but also jested about his relative insignificance felt like a cool breeze on a sticky Nashville summer day. Indeed, that comment was central in convincing my husband and me to make Church of the Redeemer our home. (Again, it was supposed to be hypothetical.)
Over the years, Thomas continued to teach and to lead in ways that regularly surprised and refreshed us. In both theology and leadership style, he modeled a thoughtful, and often unusual ministry, one characterized by authenticity, trust, compassion, and never taking oneself too seriously. In the days and weeks after Thomas and Charlie’s accident, I felt a mixture of different griefs: grief for the McKenzie family, grief for my own family and the lost future that might have been, grief for our church’s terrible pain and inevitable changes, and grief for all the people who otherwise might have benefited from Thomas’s wisdom should he have lived to work another twenty-plus years in ministry. But mixed with all this grief I also felt a call to action. I don’t know what exactly God wants me to do with this call, but I do know how incredibly blessed I am for the six years I learned from Thomas and witnessed his unique style of leadership. I want to document and synthesize those lessons so that I can, with God’s help, follow Thomas’ example, and maybe make it easier for others to do so as well.
Therefore, what follows are some of my observations of the ways in which Father Thomas excelled in encouraging the flourishing of our church. First, a few caveats: these reflections are not comprehensive; I would never reduce Thomas’s legacy to a few bullet points. But I have to start somewhere. Second, because I was neither a close friend nor a coworker of Thomas’s, my observations are limited to that of a parishioner. I was never privy to his deepest interests, his biggest mistakes, his working style, or any opinions he didn’t share publicly. Given this, readers might see gaping holes or misinterpretations in my reflections. But like I said, I have to start somewhere. Consider this, then, a limited and early mediation on the legacy of Father Thomas McKenzie.
Lesson No. 1: Be a Morpheus.
Back again to that lunch. Thomas also surprised and pleased us with another comment over those club sandwiches. We told him how we had recently moved from Chicago where we had left a robust bible study group and we were eager to join a similar group in Nashville. Thomas told us first that Redeemer often starts groups in September, and as it was January, we might have to wait for a space to open up. Redeemer had not been the first church to tell us that their groups were closed to newcomers. But, unlike the others, when I told him that I would be willing to start a group, he immediately said, “Absolutely. Do it. In fact, you are among several young folks who have come to me asking for more connection opportunities, so why don’t we get you all together for a lunch and see where it goes?”
On the one hand, his response may seem like a logical progression, but not all leaders would have jumped to action like this. For one thing, at that time, Thomas didn’t know us at all. We could have been nutjobs, heretics, or worse. We had been to Redeemer only a handful of times and weren’t even close to considering ourselves Anglican. For another thing, hosting an event would risk wasting a lot of time on an idea that might not yield fruit—a normal concern in a world of limited resources. But he seemed to have no interest in vetting us, in setting the curriculum for a group, or in overseeing its launch or its growth, and he didn’t hesitate on experimenting with a gathering. All he knew was that something was stirring, and he was going to facilitate whatever it was to see if God was in it.
And he was true to his word. A couple weeks later he arranged a lunch for young adults looking for fellowship. He told us he expected a handful of people to come. More than fifty showed up, and from that number we gathered about fifteen to start our Bible study, and that group has been meeting ever since. In the six years of its existence, Thomas never asked to attend, never asked what we’re studying, and never imposed anything on the group. Some people might see this as ambivalence—or even negligence—on Thomas’s part, but as the group’s leader I deeply appreciated Thomas’s confidence not just in me, but much more importantly in the power of the Holy Spirit to lead our group where it needed to go. Thomas only ever expressed joy at the group’s continued existence and helped us whenever we reached out. Whenever I asked Thomas to point new people toward our group, he would seek out folks needing connection. When our group struggled to meet consistently because there were too many toddlers to wrangle, Thomas agreed to have the church pay for childcare. When we needed a new place to meet, he offered his own office.
In a sermon given by Father Kenny Benge, our church prior and now interim rector, Kenny shared that he and Thomas believed that their job was always to look for where the Holy Spirit was working. Kenny said that for Thomas, that meant putting his energies wherever he saw movement through the body of believers. He also said that Thomas would shut ministries down once it was evident that the Spirit was no longer working through them. Both he and Thomas were committed to being leaders who followed this movement, instead of constantly generating activity and busyness. Though it seems self-evident, I must say: more Christian leaders ought to lead this way.
Put another way, Thomas was a Morpheus. I got this idea from my friend, Grant, when he and I were talking about an article our friend Caroline wrote a few days after Thomas died. In the article, Caroline described how our church had lost our Dumbledore and our Gandalf, the wise and confident teachers and mentors from the Harry Potter series and The Lord of the Rings. Like the characters in both of those stories, we were now left on a continuing quest without our guide. Grant liked these parallels, but wished that Caroline had included Morpheus from The Matrix series. To explain, Grant recollected visiting Thomas’s office and noticing a picture of Morpheus on Thomas’s desk. He asked about it and Thomas said, “I use that to remind myself that my job is to open doors for the Holy Spirit to work through other people. I am not Neo. I am not the hero of this story. I just open the doors.”
Lesson No. 2: Don’t be vanilla. Unless you are vanilla. Then vanilla it up.
As I noted before, I can’t claim to have known Thomas well on a personal level. But in the six years of hearing him preach, interacting with him during events, and the times I asked him for pastoral care, he never betrayed any hint of two-facedness. On the contrary, in the days following his death, many people referenced his occasional abrasiveness, his eccentric sense of humor, his sarcasm, and many qualities other pastors may have tried to tone down, if not hide completely. But Thomas had bigger fish to fry than trying to appease everyone. In fact, he seemed to appease more people by not defaulting to a bland noodle. A friend, Eric, recalled on Facebook how he too went to lunch with Thomas as he considered making Redeemer his home. Eric asked all his questions and suffered an awkward pause, which he broke by cussing. Thomas—clerical collar and all—cussed right back, and a friendship was born.
He could have tried to be more neutral, more diplomatic, more—well, vanilla. This may have put some people more at ease. But he didn’t. He was a whole human, uninhibited by expectations of decorum or coolness. He sang Bon Jovi karaoke at the top of his lungs. He recounted adolescent stories about setting a car on fire and finding a dead body in a river. He relished burning Christmas trees in the Epiphany bonfire. He frequently referenced the violent and explicit television he regularly consumed. He hosted a Dungeons and Dragons gathering in his office. He wouldn’t shy away from talking about current events from the pulpit, knowing full well he would insult multiple people simultaneously. He would greet people with, “Oh, it’s you,” or “What are you doing here?” and if you didn’t realize he was being sarcastic, he wouldn’t help you get there. Even if he greeted you normally, he was terrible at small talk (I should know—I’m the worst).
I think he knew that compromising his authenticity would have done more damage than good. I think he knew that he couldn’t argue from the pulpit that Jesus loves us as we are if he didn’t demonstrate vulnerability and honesty himself. He knew that churches are, paradoxically, where people often feel the need to hide their humanity the most. I know there are probably many things he didn’t share with us, and probably for many different reasons. But what he did share was genuine, and he won not only our affection, but also our trust.
And with this trust he did wonderful things. He argued uncomfortable truths without losing credibility. He prayed from the heart during pastoral counseling without sounding artificial. He made kids feel as welcome and respected as the adults, because he never took himself too seriously. He helped people feel their feelings and not be ashamed.
In the midst of paralyzing grief, and on this All Saints Day, I sense the Holy Spirit calling all of us who were blessed by Thomas’s life to make use of our blessings, to ponder the grief alongside the wisdom he leaves behind, and to commit the work of our hands to the God who promises resurrection and the hope that we will see Thomas, Charlie, and all our beloved lost again.Emily Capo Sauerman
This brings me to a huge point: through his openness and vulnerability, Thomas modeled a theology of emotion. He expressed emotions regularly and publicly, and encouraged us all to do the same, even when those emotions involved anger and sadness with God. One of the first times I visited Thomas for pastoral counseling, I mentioned losing my mother to cancer, and I immediately burst into tears. I think I apologized for crying, which, incidentally, is a knee-jerk reaction many of us do too often, even if the person in front of us is a pastor. But Thomas seized the moment: “Why are you sorry? That’s really, really sad. Be sad.” It was such a simple thing. I didn’t need permission to feel sad; except that I did, and a lot of us do. In fact, in the week after Thomas died, dozens of people shared stories similar to mine, of Thomas modeling and encouraging emotion, legitimizing it in our minds and our hearts, and overcoming a variety of cultural, familial, and theological barriers to the flow of emotion. Thomas encouraged us to see how often God acknowledges and invites emotion in Scripture, how deeply Jesus felt the joys and sorrows of his earthly life. God can speak to us through feelings as much as through our thoughts, and they are an important part of the mystery. I think it’s safe to say that if Thomas had a battle cry, it would be: FEEL YOUR FEELINGS!
So many of Thomas’s sermons focused on the invitation to emote, and none more poignant than the sermons addressing Leah Stufflebaum’s death. Leah was a friend of mine who found out she was pregnant, and then discovered she had cancer. As the parish administrator with her own spirited personality, she was both a friend and foil to Thomas. Leah fought her way through her pregnancy and gave birth to a healthy second son, but ultimately lost her battle a few months later, in October of 2019. Thomas made no secret of his fury with God. He hated everything to do with this loss. He hated not having the answers. He modeled lamentation and drew our attention to the huge portions of the Bible that invite and encourage us to lament, whether or not our theology is completely orthodox in those moments of pain. He also always, always drew our attention to the Table where, through Christ’s mysterious power, we share the Body and Blood with all believers across space and time, including with those saints who died before us. He reminded us that our sorrow is not for nothing, that it has an end, and that when we eat and drink, we kneel at the same mystical table with all Christ’s followers: with my mom, with Leah, and, now, with Thomas and Charlie.
Lesson No. 3: Be rad and ready.
While reminiscing about Thomas, our friend Brian told us about how he had called Thomas three weeks before he died. He reached out on Thomas’s personal cell number, and Thomas picked up in spite of clearly not being in the office. He was in fact on a long walk to train for the Camino de Santiago, the pilgrimage that he had planned to take for his sabbatical. He took the call even though he was out of breath, and spoke with Brian as if there was no intrusion into his final preparations before what would have been a ten week trip. Even before the accident, Brian was grateful, and marveled at Thomas’ generosity.
There is a Christian buzz term that’s been around for a while now: radical generosity. I have no qualms with the term or the concept, but too often we think about generosity as having primarily to do with money. There are so many other ways to be generous. As someone who struggles with limited energy, for instance, I catch myself obsessing about how to best spend my hours, in the same way I often obsess about how to spend my money. Some people can be generous with their energy, always ready to assist people in need with ideas and hands and connections. One can be generous with time, and be available to friends and neighbors to listen thoroughly and to serve. One can be generous with their attention, and make people feel like they are always the highest priority. There is a generosity of hospitality, to provide an atmosphere of uninhibited welcome. And there are many more.
When I think about Thomas, I want to gather several of these generosities together under umbrella term because his leadership style exemplified so many of them. Thomas modeled something more like radical readiness: he made himself available to meet whatever tasks God placed in front of him, and he approached them with focus, energy, dignity, and thoughtfulness. He excelled in preparing himself for action by setting healthy boundaries, and then he met the tasks in front of him with a thoughtful philosophy of service. These together formed the blessing of his radical readiness, which enabled him to be radically generous in a multitude of ways.
First, the boundaries. We all know Thomas was prolific, but to my limited knowledge, Thomas was not a workaholic. Maybe people who knew him better would disagree. But he seemed to know when he needed to rest, and he thoroughly advocated for Sabbath rest in various forms. Before Covid, Thomas always went to see a movie in a movie theater on his day off. It was one of his favorite things to do, and it was a non-negotiable form of rest for him. Thomas was an oblate at a monastery in the New Mexico desert, and he went there once or twice a year to completely disconnect. For many years he and his wife Laura would vacation in Martha’s Vineyard where he would be revived by the ocean and would collect shells to use for the upcoming year’s baptisms. Around the time my husband and I began going to Redeemer, Thomas had been going through a terribly dark time, and he took a leave of absence knowing he could not minister well until he reestablished a baseline of health. In that moment, Thomas knew that he needed to stop, so he did.
In addition to rest, Thomas knew that his work would suffer if he failed to guard his closest relationships. Several of Thomas’s friends noted this in their eulogies, both at the funeral and printed elsewhere. Thomas met every Wednesday morning with a group of friends at what they called “Dude Breakfast,” where they would gather to enjoy one another but also to share what was really going on in their lives, their minds, and hearts. Having never been a pastor, I can only imagine how emotionally weighty the role must be, and Thomas found critical support in his commitment among the closest of friends. These friends also emphasized Thomas’ devotion to Laura and their daughters. Several of the friends commented on how eager Thomas was to serve his wife, often in the smallest ways: to get her a diet Coke, to kiss her during communion, to hold her hand during meals. Thomas’ friends also made clear that he constantly strived never to prioritize work over quality time with his girls.
So, going back to Brian’s story, I do wonder why Thomas picked up the phone. He didn’t have to. He could have let it go to voicemail and called back at a more convenient time. His commitment to boundaries would suggest that he should not have answered. But my guess is that it was precisely his commitment to boundaries that allowed him to answer and to focus on Brian’s question. Thomas was about to go on a sabbatical. He knew he needed closure on many things before his absence. He also knew Brian needed closure on his own question, and in that moment Thomas could provide it. He also loved Brian, and he answered out of this love.
In other words, Thomas was ready to serve generously. If he wasn’t ready, he would have stepped back until he was. This isn’t to suggest he did this perfectly every time, but I have never seen another leader appear so focused in a conversation, produce such concise and well-researched sermons and lectures, and model such decisiveness all in the same role, and I think these boundaries are why. At least in my experience as a parishioner, Thomas never seemed harried or tempted to multitask. He never seemed to wish to be somewhere else or talking to someone else. He didn’t check his phone during important conversations. He was ready to address the needs in front of him with a generous spirit. He was ready to take cues from the Holy Spirit, and if that’s not the true goal of ministry I don’t know what is.
This brings me to the philosophy of service. Thomas always emphasized our human limitations, and so to be ready often meant being simultaneously realistic and prayerful. One of the ways in which he illustrated this was mentioned by Father Kenny in sermon a few weeks after Thomas and Charlie’s accident. Kenny said that he and Thomas embraced the limitations of the church building. They both believed that if the church outgrew the space, it was neither an indication to add another service or to add on to the building, but rather to plant another church. Kenny said that Thomas believed that there was no point in having a congregation so big that it would outgrow the staff’s ability to meet the needs of the congregants in personal ministry. This is a bold belief in an era of megachurches. But as I reflect on the last many years, Thomas and the staff were able to be generous, focused, and present because they made sure of that ability, and made sure they were ready to follow the Spirit in regard to growth.
Whenever I meditate on this idea of readiness, I think about the story of Philip and the Ethiopian eunuch. Philip is dropped by the Spirit on the side of a road. If that happened to me, I think I’d have some questions, for starters. But then a man shows up with questions, and Philip engages in conversation, ready, willing, and powered by the Spirit to listen and lead him toward salvation. As we consider Philip, and Thomas, and anyone else who models this readiness well, we can reflect on how little of what keeps us busy really matters. What matters is making space in our lives and being available to the Spirit to be used by him in ministry.
Lesson No. 4: The leg-work of truth-telling.
In the aftermath of the accident, I heard many people comment on Thomas’ boldness in truth-telling. Now, while we often hear phrases like “speaking truth to power,” or “telling it like it is,” these weren’t the phrases used to describe Thomas day-to-day. Too often, these phrases conjure images of firebrand personalities, people who seek to provoke for provocation’s sake. This was not Thomas. He was not a firebrand spreading vitriol. But he did speak truth, and boldly. He did make many of us uncomfortable with the truths he affirmed, but he also had a gift for framing those truths well enough that we could absorb them.
As we seek to learn from Thomas’s skill in truth-telling, we first have to acknowledge that not everyone will have his natural gifts. We also need to realize we don’t have to completely mimic Thomas’s theology to communicate God’s truth. There are simply some aspects of Thomas’ boldness that were unique to Thomas. That said, I don’t think Thomas assumed people would respect his authority without some serious work on his part. There are two things about Thomas’s approach to hard truths that I think we can imitate: first, that if Thomas was going to make a claim, he would always explain the context, and second that Thomas would always filter claims through the lens of our Gospel Identity.
Let’s first examine the power of good explanation.
Several years ago, the ACNA updated the Book of Common Prayer to include some new research in translation and to update some language for modern audiences. Thomas sent an email explaining the major changes, which included some new wording within the Nicene Creed. He explained why the ACNA felt the changes were necessary and why he felt it necessary to adopt the new book for our church. He also articulated some of the changes he personally disagreed with, but that compromise, he said, is necessary for a functioning church polity. As I set about reading that email, I noticed my finger kept scrolling, and scrolling, and scrolling. It was, let’s say, comprehensive. Maybe it’s just me, but I can’t imagine many of its recipients caring too much about the translation minutiae or issues of church polity. Anyone like me would just go with the flow because most of us had neither the bandwidth to engage nor the power to alter ACNA decisions. Whether out of convenience or loyalty or both, we simply trusted Thomas and the leadership to make those decisions.
But Thomas must have felt that this level of explanation was necessary. Either he was exceptionally nerdy (which he was) or there was something else that he needed to accomplish. Surely, any pastor would be anxious about possible schism; churches have been shredded over seeming minutiae before. But hindsight shows a noticeable pattern in Thomas’s leadership style indicating that he never assumed that his authority rested solely in his role. “Because I said so” was never a sufficient reason. He was going to work to earn our trust and keep it, and to honor his listeners with comprehensive explanations of decisions and stances, always with an open door for questions.
I began seeing this pattern emerge more and more over the last few years, a time during which I’d never envy any pastor. We can all agree the last few years have seen a palpable increase in discord, politicization of everything, graceless platitudes, and, of course, a global pandemic. In addition to the suffering happening within our church body, Thomas had to get up to address murders, systemic racism, abortion legislation, immigration, a tornado that tore parts of Nashville to shreds, a bomb that went off on Christmas day, the January 6th insurrection, and the many twists and turns of life during a pandemic, among many, many other horrendously complex subjects that make everyone uncomfortable, regardless of ideology. Through it all, Thomas always brought these issues back to the Gospel, and assisted us in seeing each issue through that lens. He always blessed us with an explanation of his theological conclusions, even when the explanation included unknowable mysteries. Thomas never seemed to shy away from saying “I don’t know,” but rather embraced the times he could admit it, because even in that, if not especially in that, he could all the more point to a God that is bigger than our brokenness and bigger than our brains.
One of the best examples of this contextual explanation came throughout the pandemic in Thomas’s weekly Thursday updates. I remember reflecting with friends how we were all a little sad when Thomas sent his last Thursday update. It had been too easy, especially in the early months of lockdown, to feel disconnected from the Body of Christ. Thomas’s emails created a moment for each of us to remember that we were still united in fellowship, even if we weren’t together in person. This is not to say that the emails were cheery. He did not shy away from expressing his disappointments, especially about that first Easter of Covid, as he and the staff were forced to celebrate the Resurrection through Facebook Live. But the emails were a reminder that he, the staff, and the vestry were all still working towards solutions that would safely reunite us all again. Along with the emotional touchpoint the emails provided, Thomas also used it to explain the decisions he and the vestry were making to try to keep everyone safe. I always came away impressed by the thoughtfulness behind the decisions and the transparency about their difficulty. Had he not explained that context, it would have magnified the sense of loneliness and turmoil.
I might even say that, in some ways, Thomas did his job too well. With all the chaos flung at us over the last couple years, Thomas’s gift afforded us the luxury to become complacent in our reflections and questions. We took Thomas for granted, in short, knowing he would explain the hard stuff. Then the accident happened, and we all felt that the best person to give context to Thomas’s death was of course Thomas himself, which makes the loss all the more wretched.
The second way in which Thomas shed light on complex subjects was through focusing on our identity as believers. This theological stance allowed Thomas to address hard subjects and current events without “taking sides” in the culture wars. When understood as Thomas understood it, this stance allowed many of us to shed much of the tribalism that so defines contemporary America and to see complex subjects through the lens of the Gospel. And this stance continues to be critical, not just for Church of the Redeemer, but for any Christian trying to navigate a hostile world. By loosening our tethers to the many identities and loyalties we have in the world, we can better filter out what is true, what is noble, and what is beautiful from the cacophony of stimuli.
The best way I can think of to communicate this theological stance is to borrow from Sacred Fire by Fr. Ronald Rolheiser. In this passage, Fr. Ronald illuminates the significance of Jesus removing his outer garment before washing the disciples’ feet. This act emphasizes the movement toward humility and the embrace of deep identity to be able to complete the service he is about to perform.
“In order to let go of the pride that blocks any human from stooping down to wash the feet of someone different from himself, Jesus had to strip off a lot of outer things (pride, moral judgments, superiority, ideology, and personal dignity) so as to wear only his inner garment. What was his inner garment? As John mystically describes it, his inner garment was precisely his knowledge that he had come from God, was going back to God, and that therefore all things were possible for him, including washing the feet of someone whom he already knew had betrayed him. That is also our own inner garment, the reality that lies deepest beneath our race, gender, religion, language, politics, ideology, and personal history (with all its wounds and false pride). What is most real is that deep down, beneath these other, outer, things, we are imprinted with the dark memory, the brand of love and truth, the inchoate knowledge that, like Jesus, we too have come from God, are returning to God, and therefore are capable of doing anything, including loving and washing the feet of someone very different from ourselves. Our inner garment is the image and likeness of God inside us, and when we are in touch with this, we can find the strength to wash one another’s feet across any divide: liberal-conservative, prolife-prochoice, Catholic-Protestant, Jew-Muslim, Muslim-Christian, black-white, man-woman, and begin to feel sympathy for one another beyond our wounds and difference.”
I believe that Thomas wanted to help each of us to excavate our inner garments, however buried and fossilized, because it was only when we identify our inner garments are we able to accept hard, uncomfortable truths and grow closer to Christ, stronger in Christ, and more compassionate like Christ. Thomas’s sermons helped us remove metaphorical outer garments so we wouldn’t confront hard things with only our shell, but with our core. Likewise, we can speak—and receive—bold truths only if we communicate with one another from core self to core self. Adding some choice stories is always a good idea, too.
Lesson No. 5: Remember the ministry of high-fives.
When we told our four-year-old about Thomas and Charlie’s accident, her immediate response was, “But I liked giving him high-fives!” While she, like the rest of us, struggle to understand this loss, I want to draw attention to a lesson in this reaction that often gets overlooked: children’s ministry does not stop at the Sunday School door. The whole church must agree that children are disciples too, and their presence must be welcomed, and their personhood treasured.
Thomas and the community of Redeemer have done such a wonderful job of making children feel seen and heard. My favorite example of this is from the first Story Night we ever attended. Story Night is a grand Redeemer tradition that takes place on a cozy December evening when people gather in the Abbey house and share true stories about themselves. The topics range from love stories to travel stories to faith stories, or in the case of a then five-year-old Carolina Howard, a sleepwalking story. She jumped up to the mic that night, and Thomas, along with the rest of us, was delighted as she told us about how one night while sleepwalking, she stepped on a slug and screamed until she woke up. The fact that Carolina was so young in a room of adults seemed to pose no problem to her. I love this because it should never be a problem for any child. She knew she belonged. In the same vein, a few years ago Thomas started the tradition of Pancake Supper karaoke, and kid after kid took the mic and belted to the crowd with abandon. They too knew they belonged. Thomas made a point of welcoming children into the life of the church, high-fiving the little kids and building inside jokes with some of the older ones. Our daughter was growing increasingly excited about the high-fives just before the accident, and she would seek Thomas out to make sure they happened. In fact, the day before he died, she did just that—racing to find him immediately after the service, that moment of belonging being so worthwhile to her that it took priority over everything else, even the playground swings. Thomas, along with so many people at Redeemer, have encouraged that atmosphere of belonging, and it may serve his memory more than any other to make sure that atmosphere continues to shape the legacy of our church forever.
Had things been different, Thomas would have returned to us from his sabbatical on All Saints Sunday. This tradition was precious to him and he made a point of scheduling his sabbatical accordingly. Instead, we find ourselves mourning what might have been, and looking for meaning in the memories.
There are many more lessons left to contemplate in the legacy of Fr. Thomas McKenzie. Like I said, this is a start. In the midst of paralyzing grief, and on this All Saints Day, I sense the Holy Spirit calling all of us who were blessed by Thomas’s life to make use of our blessings, to ponder the grief alongside the wisdom he leaves behind, and to commit the work of our hands to the God who promises resurrection and the hope that we will see Thomas, Charlie, and all our beloved lost again.

Nicknamed "BACH", the Center for Behavioral and Cognitive History is an academic center and digital lab space. It strives to further the study of human cognition, emotions, and behavior, by exploring how information-processing strategies, affective cultures, and behavioral strategies have changed through time.
As part of its mission, the center seeks to foster interdisciplinary exchange and critical approaches to histories of human behavior and cognition. To do this, the lab works to make new research findings (in fields like history, neuroscience, biology, psychology, and economics) accessible to individuals in other disciplines.
The center also provides resources for scholars and students interested in learning about human behavior.
SHD GR 1H 1715 p146 - FLN Membership car
Screen Shot 2019-05-24 at 1.38
Screen Shot 2019-05-24 at 1.00.16 PM
Screen Shot 2019-05-23 at 4.47.39 PM
Screen Shot 2019-05-24 at 12.53.21 PM
Screen Shot 2019-05-23 at 4.27.36 PM
Screen Shot 2019-05-24 at 12.56.54 PM
Screen Shot 2018-11-08 at 12.55.05 PM
Screen Shot 2018-11-08 at 3.48
Screen Shot 2019-05-24 at 1.39.40 PM
The center's activities include:
1) producing original historical
research on human behavior;
2) sponsoring projects that
explore new historical
methodologies and engage
with debates in other
3) posing research questions
about the project's four
research areas (Behavior,
Cognition, Emotions, and
4) providing concise updates,
news alerts, and analysis
5) bringing together scholars
interested in the study of
CHRISTIANE-MARIE ABU SARAH
As a behavioral historian and the director of the Center for Behavioral and Cognitive History (BACH), Dr. Abu Sarah studies emotions, decision-making, and moral cognition in social movements. An Assistant Professor of History at Erskine College and Visiting Fellow at the Zentrum Moderner Orient in Berlin, Abu Sarah previously worked at George Mason University with Dr. Peter Stearns, whose books (including Doing Emotions History and American Behavioral History) have made him a pioneer of behavioral history and the history of emotions.
An avid traveler, Dr. Abu Sarah's research projects have taken her around the world. From 2009–2012, she was a Research Associate at the Center for World Religions, Diplomacy, and Conflict Resolution (CRDC) in Arlington, Virginia. As part of this role, she directed behavioral science and conflict resolution courses in Syria, Turkey, Egypt, and Israel-Palestine. She has also worked in Iraq, Egypt, Lebanon, Cuba, the Balkans, Northern Ireland, and Vietnam.
Her past digital history projects have included designing and programming the digital history website "Beyond Golden Age and Decline: The Legacy of Muslim Societies in Global Modernity" for the NEH Bridging Cultures Initiative and the Ali Vural Ak Center for Global Islamic Studies. For the past five years, Abu Sarah has further served as the Managing Editor of the peer-reviewed scholarly journal al-ʿUṣūr al-Wusṭā (The Journal of Middle East Medievalists).
Abu Sarah holds a PhD in History from the University of Maryland, and a Master's in World History from George Mason University. She is currently working on a book manuscript and digital history project entitled “To Drink a Cup of Fire: Morality Tales and Moral Emotions in Egyptian, Algerian, and French Anti-Colonial Activism.” The project collects the police confessions, diaries, manifestos, and court cases of activists who participated in violent attacks, recording how individuals crossed the thought–action divide, navigated emotional cues, and rationalized aggressive behavior.
Want to be listed on "Behavioral History and the History of Emotions" digital history lab? We welcome new scholars! To be listed on the site, send a short bio and/or CV here.

Greene County News
BEAVERCREEK — Wandering Griffin Brewery & Pub, the first independently owned microbrewery restaurant announced it hosted a soft opening on Wednesday, Nov. 23. with a grand opening at 6 a.m. Friday, Dec. 2. During the grand opening, there will be a 12 p.m. ribbon-cutting ceremony with The Mayor of Beavercreek will be in attendance.
Wandering Griffin, managed by principle owners Brian Young and Tony Griffin in conjunction with a number of investors, offers patrons a unique dining experience with its 1930s art deco dining room and bar, 1860s reclaimed wood taproom and coffee bar. It has extensive lunch and dinner menus and full bar service.
Chefs Kenneth Mangus and Jason Breitenstien, formerly of Coco’s Bistro and Winds Café respectively, head up the kitchen and have created lunch and dinner menus that feature locally-sourced and housemade appetizers, soups, salads, sandwiches and entrées, including tater tots, beef on weck, pork belly grilled cheese, gourmet pizza and pan seared salmon. The bar includes handcrafted beers, an array of wine and signature cocktails. The brewery and pub also offers a large partially covered patio with a bar and outdoor televisions.
The full-service coffee bar named Wanderlust, is located in the heart of the brewery and pub. The coffee bar is open daily 6:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. and will offer drive-through service from 6-10 a.m. weekdays and 7-10 a.m. on weekends.
Wandering Griffin isn’t offering its own craft beer yet, but expects to start brewing mid to late 2017. Brian Young states that, “This is a very exciting time for the beer scene in the greater Dayton region, and we are happy to be a part of it. Our aim is to provide a variety of locally-brewed craft beers and guest taps until we’re brewing our own. When we do brew our own, we plan to offer a variety of styles, including lagers.”
Wandering Griffin is located at 3725 Presidential Drive. It’s open 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Monday through Thursday, 11 a.m. to midnight Friday and Saturday and 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday. Wanderlust coffee bar service begins daily at 6:30 am. Food service begins daily at 11 a.m.
For more information visit wanderinggriffin.com or call 937-956-5216.
Story courtesy of Wandering Griffin Brewery & Pub.

Canary Yellow Translucent Vellum Wrap - 7 x 11, 30lb Colors Transparent
Category Description: 5 x 7 Vellum Jackets
About Vellum Invitation Wraps
Translucent vellum invitation wraps are a simple and stylish way to decorate and organize your invitation suite. Our wraps are made with premium quality vellum and are offered in a full spectrum of colors, each featuring a translucent, frosted glass appearance.
The Perfect Wrap for 5x7, A7 Invites
Wraps are pre-cut to 7 x 11 inches - the perfect size for 5x7 invites.
This is currently the only size available, but more may come soon!
Delivered Flat and Un-Scored for Your Design Convenience
Wraps are delivered pre-cut, flat, and un-scored (not pre-creased for folding). This is to accommodate a variety of invitation thicknesses and styles. A wrap surrounding an invite that is very thick or has may cards will require folding and overlap in a different location than a single card will.
These wraps are sold blank, but printed versions are available! If you want printing on your wrap, please shop printed vellum section.

Moderna’s COVID-19 vaccine works in babies, toddlers and preschoolers the company announced Wednesday — and if regulators agree it could mean a chance to finally start vaccinating the littlest kids by summer.
Moderna said in the coming weeks it would ask regulators in the U.S. and Europe to authorize two small-dose shots for youngsters under 6. The company also is seeking to have larger-dose shots cleared for older children and teens in the U.S.
The nation’s 18 million children under 5 are the only age group not yet eligible for vaccination. Competitor Pfizer currently offers kid-sized doses for school-age children and full-strength shots for those 12 and older.
But parents have anxiously awaited protection for younger tots, disappointed by setbacks and confusionover which shots might work and when. Pfizer is testing even smaller doses for children under 5 but had to add a third shot to its study when two didn't prove strong enough. Those results are expected by early April.
Vaccinating the littlest “has been somewhat of a moving target over the last couple of months,” Dr. Bill Muller of Northwestern University, an investigator in Moderna’s pediatric studies, said in an interview before the company released its findings. “There’s still, I think, a lingering urgency to try to get that done as soon as possible.”
The younger the child, the smaller the dose being tested. Moderna said a quarter of the dose it uses for adults worked well for youngsters under age 6.
Moderna enrolled about 6,900 tots in a study of the 25-microgram doses. Early data showed after two shots, youngsters developed virus-fighting antibody levels just as strong as young adults getting regular-strength shots, the company said in a press release.
Moderna said the small doses were safe, and the main side effects were mild fevers like those associated with other commonly used pediatric vaccines.
Once Moderna submits the data to the FDA, regulators will debate whether to authorize emergency use of the small doses for tots. If so, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention then will decide whether to recommend them.
While COVID-19 generally isn’t as dangerous to youngsters as to adults, some do become severely ill. The CDC says about 400 children younger than 5 have died from COVID-19 since the pandemic’s start. The omicron variant hit children especially hard, with those under 5 hospitalized at higher rates than at the peak of the previous delta surge, the CDC found.
COVID-19 vaccines in general don’t prevent infection with the omicron mutant as well as they fended off earlier variants — but they do still offer strong protection against severe illness.
Moderna reported that same trend in the trial of children under 6, conducted during the omicron surge. While there were no severe illnesses, the vaccine proved just under 44% effective at preventing any infection in babies up to age 2, and nearly 38% effective in the preschoolers.
Moderna said also said Wednesday it will ask the Food and Drug Administration to clear larger doses for older children.
While other countries already have allowed Moderna’s shots to be used in children as young as 6, the U.S. has limited its vaccine to adults. A Moderna request to expand its shots to 12- to 17-year-olds has been stalled for months.
The company said Wednesday that, armed with additional evidence, it is updating its FDA application for teen shots and requesting a green light for 6- to 11-year-olds, too.
Moderna says its original adult dose — two 100-microgram shots — is safe and effective in 12- to 17-year-olds. For elementary-age kids, it’s using half the adult dose.
But the FDA never ruled on Moderna’s application for teen shots because of concern about a very rare side effect. Heart inflammation sometimes occurs in teens and young adults, mostly males, after receiving either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccines. Moderna is getting extra scrutiny because its shots are a far higher dose than Pfizer's.
The risk also seems linked to puberty, and regulators in Canada, Europe and elsewhere recently expanded Moderna vaccinations to kids as young as 6.
“That concern has not been seen in the younger children,” said Northwestern’s Muller.
The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Source: Read Full Article

Most orders placed before noon ET ship same day (except weekends and holidays).
4 PACK Ernie Ball 2078 Paradigm Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings Light 11-52
Includes 4 Sets of Strings
Ernie Ball Slinky Paradigm Acoustic guitar strings provide unprecedented strength and longer string life while retaining 100% Earthwood tone and feel. Ernie Ball’s industry leading ultra-high strength steel is included in both the wound and plain strings to provide superior tensile and fatigue strength for strings that lock into tune fast and hold up under the most stressful playing styles and conditions. The coupling of Ernie Ball’s Everlast nanotreatment with breakthrough plasma enhanced wrap wire provides added corrosion resistance and reduced accumulation of tone-robbing buildup and debris. Experience the first set of longer lasting strings that are worth playing with all benefits and no compromises. Gauges .011, .015, .022w, .030, .042, .052
Pack of 2 Strukture 16 Gauge Speaker Cable, 20', Thick Inner ABS Sleeve, SSC20
4 PACK Ernie Ball 2063 Earthwood Acoustic 80/20 bronze Banjo Strings 5-string bluegrass
Pig Hog Solutions - 3ft Stereo Breakout Cable, 3.5mm to Dual 1/4', PB-S3403
There are no reviews yet. Be the first to write one!

Chapter 1: Visiting
Framlingham Castle was one of the greatest of mediaeval English castles, and once the stronghold of the Dukes of Norfolk. Its peak was in July 1553 when Mary, the daughter of Henry VIII, raised her standard there to signal her intent to fight for the throne.
The castle is in the care of English Heritage, and is open from 10.00 to 18.00 throughout the summer season (Easter to end of September, usually).
For holders of English Heritage, Historic Scotland, or Cadw memberships, entrance is free, otherwise it is £8.40 for adults or £5.00 for children (including Gift Aid) (May 2016).
The castle is on the edge of the lovely village of Framlingham – the roads are narrow, so drive carefully past the market square and the church, to the car park next to the castle.
Leaving the carpark, the ticket office is immediately in front of you.
Emerging from the ticket office, you walk over the bridge, into the main gatehouse, which sports the arms of Thomas Howard, 2 nd Duke of Norfolk, victor of the Battle of Flodden. Far beneath the bridge is the dry ditch which surrounds the whole castle. Contrary to appearances, this was never a moat, but its narrow base and steep sides would have acted as a very real barrier to an attaching army. Anyone trying to undermine the castle would have been a sitting target for the defenders, through the arrow slits low in the curtain wall.
Walking through the gatehouse, you reach a wide, grassy plateau, completely encircled by the original twelfth century walls. The grass is dotted with benches and boasts a couple of beautiful cherry trees – the space is ideal for a picnic, or just for enjoying the sunshine. The original well may also be seen – essential for any mediaeval castle.
The interior of the castle was demolished in the seventeenth century by Sir Richard Higham, who replaced it with a poorhouse, one portion of which, constructed of red brick, remains. This is privately owned. The Red House, as it is known, was extended with a charming early eighteenth century house which served as a poor house for over 100 years. A couple of the corbels that once graced the castle walls were incorporated into the brick and flint construction.
The ground floor of this house now functions as a shop and an exhibition space. There is a short, but extremely clever, video, which shows the history of the castle in a witty cartoon sequence. There are also some objects pertinent to the history of the castle, although not many.
From the rear of the shop, a spiral staircase leads up to a walkway which makes a complete circuit of the battlements – nearly 35 feet (10.5m) high, with a further 12 feet (3.8m) of height in the towers. The stairs are exceptionally narrow and steep – even for a spiral staircase. There is rope bannister for those who suffer from vertigo to cling too. Coming down is much easier – a modern, solid, wooden staircase.
The climb is definitely worth it – the walkway gives superb views of the countryside in all directions, including over the mere that once teemed with the fish so important to the mediaeval diet. In the opposite direction, the park that provided the venison is now a mixture of coppice and farmland.
Returning to the ground floor, you can stop at first floor level to see the Lanman Museum. This is not extensive, but has an interesting display of items, largely from nineteenth and twentieth century Framlingham. The photography showing how little the town has changed is fascinating. My personal favourite exhibits were the bootees for sheep – slipped on when the animal was suffering foot rot, and the larger boots for horses. These were used to prevent the horses’ iron shoes damaging the lawns of great houses as they drew the early lawn mowers up and down.
Exit through the gatehouse and take the path leading down from the bridge – you can again circumnavigate the castle, this time following the route of the dry-ditch. From this angle, you can marvel at the feat of engineering, performed over eight hundred years ago, with only man, water or animal power.
On the west side of the castle, are the remnants of further buildings, generally post-dating the main keep. Of particular note are the remains of the tower to imprison Catholic priests during Elizabeth I’s reign.

Modern and sophisticated, our Remote Concierge Service will add a level of prestige to your residential or office building, while saving you on the overall cost of security, maintenance, and staffing. Enjoy such features as:
- Live Video Monitoring, our primary technologically
- Remote Visitor Monitoring: Always be in control of who has access to your building.
- Virtual Guard Tours: A full site virtual tour completed diligently to ensure your building is secure.
- Client Reporting: Clients will receive detailed incident reports in the event of irregular activity.
- Video Archiving: Live Patrol will archive your footage for you, and supply you with footage needed if an incident occurs. No need to spend hours going through footage yourself!
- Incident Response: Live Patrol will respond quickly when an incident is detected.
- Remote System Health Checks: Routine checks to ensure your system is performing at its peak potential.
We can also integrate your building’s current security system with our remote concierge package, streamlining your management process even further. Intelligent building management starts with Live Patrol.

This is not a glamour shot.
We are an imperfect bunch.
But we love each other.
And when not focusing on our own personal comforts which is often difficult for most people including myself and those in my clan.
We reach deep down inside and demonstrate support and care.
And this is what my oldest OS deserved on HIS day.
Not telling Nate how exhausted and hot we were (because I do not believe there are sufficient words and he was surely tired and sweaty!)
But rather standing next to our Soldier physically, emotionally and spiritually.
As he graduated from the United States Military Academy.
It was a privilege and an honor.
And if someone would have handed me a mirror,
And some haircare products,
Or offered me a shower to freshen up,
You know, because an important picture was going to be taken,
I would have said no
And continued to hold my son’s hand.
Unconcerned about appearance,
Shedding tears of pride.
No other place could I have been
Then next to Nate and surrounded by those who love him most.
Making memories for a lifetime,
This perspiring, imperfect collection of people
Honored a man of integrity
Whom the Lord gave me for such a time as this
And I am richly, profoundly blessed to call him (and all those in this picture) my own.

|Saturday 18 May 2019 @ 09:00pm : -
The Frank Burkitt Band
Frank is a story teller, songwriter, singer and guitarist. In that order. He has been performing for the last 15 years throughout the UK, New Zealand and Australia and his entertaining, rambling anecdotes aim to give the audience more of a connection with his songs. A folk songwriter at his core, American roots music with hints of jazz, blues and swing very much shape his music. When he relocated to Wellington from Edinburgh with his partner and backing vocalist Kara Filbey, he formed an incredible string band, with blues and country mandolin player Cameron Burnell and jazz double bassist James Geluk.
The Frank Burkitt Band have made incredible progress in the last 4 years, releasing their debut album Fools & Kings in 2015 and becoming a festival favourite throughout New Zealand. They have embarked on extensive national tours of New Zealand and Australia and released their second album Raconteur in March 2018 at Port Fairy Folk Festival (Aus). The album was produced by acclaimed producer Gerry Paul (Grada, Tim O'Brien, Mel Parsons) and recorded at The Surgery Studios, Wellington by award winning engineer Lee Prebble (Pheonix Foundation, The Black Seeds, Fly My Pretties).
Inspired by artists such as Van Morrison, James Taylor, Tim O'Brien and Pokey LaFarge, they play high energy, original music written by Burkitt and arranged by the band.
"Burkitt – backed by his four-piece band – hollered, crooned and generally swooned his merry way through a plethora of footstomping ditties." ~ Edinburgh Evening News.
"Original material sung with clarity and emotion, a fantastic live folk singer with a very talented band of musicians." ~ Sonicbids.com
"Frank Burkitt with a clear load of experience and nightclub savvy in his style. With strong songs and musicianship, his easy listening camaraderie lifted the evening to foot tapping entertainment with a wry sense of humour and professional patter." ~ Theatreview.org.nz
"The sincerity and heart that emanates from his song writing is endearing, to say the least. I believe people who are truly great at their craft make what they do seem easy." ~ Janise Kumar ~ muzic.net
"Burkitt – backed by his four-piece band – hollered, crooned and generally swooned his merry way through a plethora of footstomping ditties." ~ Edinburgh Evening News
"A set with the band is like a trip through the top shelf of the best liquor cabinet – all malt whisky, moonshine and sunlight…a tight-knit ensemble of power and delicacy and a rare treat." ~ Shannon Beynan – stuff.co.nz

Mississippi State commit Tommy Champion headed to JUCO
Callaway offensive tackle Tommy Champion will head to Wesson in January.
Champion's name appeared on a list of signees with Copiah-Lincoln Community College. According to njcaa.org, the 6-foot-5, 285-pound prospect signed his National Letter of Intent with Co-Lin on Dec. 16.
Callaway coach Patrick Austin confirmed the news to The Clarion-Ledger and said Champion plans to uphold his commitment to Mississippi State.
"Tommy is excited for the next phase, next transition and he still has the desire to be a Mississippi State Bulldog," Austin said. "That has not changed."
According to Austin, an academic plan was in place for Champion to qualify this year and "if the plan was stuck to he would have the possibility to qualify."
"He would have had to work extremely hard but there was a plan in place for him to qualify," the coach said.
Champion is the second Mississippi State commit to go the junior college route from the Bulldogs' 2015 class. Oak Grove Dandy Dozen quarterback Cameron Myers announced his plans to enroll at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College yesterday.
Champion also holds offers from Ole Miss, Louisiana-Lafayette and Memphis.
The Bulldogs now have 27 commits.

The Monstera deliciosa (Swiss cheese plant) is officially the most popular houseplant in North America and Europe, according to a recent study*.
The aptly named Swiss cheese plant is best-associated with its perforated leaves that resemble the famous Emmental cheese. However, it is setting trends far beyond the Alpine region.
HouseFresh has revealed that the Monstera deliciosa is also the most popular houseplant in North America – beating the peace lily and Boston Fern to the top spot.
The study combined the top 230 houseplants on Instagram – along with monthly Google search volumes for each botanical name in each country. Also amongst the best indoor plants was the Mimosa pudica that tied with the Monstera deliciosa in terms of search volume in North America.
According to the report, homeowners often grow the Mimosa pudica for its ‘curiosity value.’ In a similar way to the Monstera deliciosa, this perennial flowering plant is best-loved for its intriguing leaves (that fold inward when shaken or touched).
‘Swiss cheese plants are pretty popular – and for good reason,’ says the MD of Pointless Plants, Nathan Raab. ‘Their holey leaves give them a slightly unusual and dramatic look and a great choice if you want to give your conservatory a slight jungle [look].'
The expert adds that the Monstera deliciosa is a hardy plant, meaning they are suitable for beginners who may be searching for the top low maintenance indoor plants. ‘With a little care and attention, you’ll definitely see some results this summer,’ he adds.
When it comes to interior design, the Swiss cheese plant comes out on top in this department too. Chris Carpenter, the Plant Area Manager at Squire’s Milford, explains that you can easily style the plant as part of your indoor garden ideas, as its woody vine aesthetic looks great when trained over indoor walls or beams.
‘It has become a very popular plant again as it’s easy to grow and unfussy, so perfect for people who are new to houseplants,’ he emphasizes.
This South American, Swiss-style staple is one of the most stylish indoor plant ideas of the moment – and we expect its global authority will endure for seasons to come.
*Study by HouseFresh
Megan is a News Writer across Future Plc's Homes titles. She has a background in national newspapers in the UK, but her adoration for fashion and travel has previously taken her to Paris and New York, meaning she particularly loves writing about trends from around the world. Megan's favourite plants are her beloved cactuses, but she also loves to observe the vast wild nature of her home county, Yorkshire.
Types of helenium: 16 vibrant varieties for pots and borders
Plants These types of helenium add razzle-dazzle to cottage gardens and prairie plantings – and also attract wildlife to your garden
By Hazel Sillver • Published
How to deadhead petunias: neaten up your summer blooms with these tips
Plants Whether you have hanging baskets or patio pots, learning how to deadhead petunias will keep your display looking its best
By Holly Crossley • Published

(a) Subscription Charge. Certain Attributes is actually susceptible to subscription costs (“Subscription Charge”). This type of Subscription Fees are provided for you upon subscription and could go from every now and then. Unless of course if not indicated, Subscriptions Costs cover a first several months, for which there was a-one-date costs, accompanied by repeated unexpected charges for then periods since the provided to on your part up on registration. Your recognize that your subscription possess a primary and you can repeating fee ability while deal with duty for everyone recurring costs before cancellation. We could possibly Complete This type of Prior to now Registered Continual Charges (Elizabeth.G., MONTHLY) Without A lot more Consent Away from you If you do not Has actually Ended That it Consent In line with Their Registration Plan Otherwise Desire to Replace your Fee Method. Particularly See Will not Apply to Charges Applied Prior to We are able to Reasonably Operate. So you’re able to Cancel Your Agreement Or Alter your Fee Way for Subscriptions, Check out the Charging History Webpage.
(b) Almost every other Fees. Particular most other Attributes might require one create that-time money or prepay certain amounts to own loans, tokens, electronic affairs or products that is certainly redeemed only having specified Characteristics (“Credits”). Credit, also bare stability since the discussed for the Part fourteen(c), might not be used for the money and may even never be came back or forfeited having a cash refund, except because the may be required by the appropriate law. On top of that, Loans and you can vacant balances aren’t transferable.
(c) Incorporate Fees. Particular Services may require an adequate harmony out of funds in your Account facing which need or similar fees (age.g., shell out per minute or pay for each examine) are billed. These money try converted to “tokens”, “points”, and other kinds of on line currency (collectively, “Virtual Money”) on this website. On the other hand, using particular Attributes on this web site, players can get posting gift suggestions and info Blackcupid reviews in the form of Virtual Money. When you yourself have perhaps not signed into your Account in the last 180 months, i set-aside suitable, in our only discretion, and you will without warning otherwise liability for you, in order to ask you for regarding following the month(s) a merchant account fix payment of five hundred facts or 50 tokens each times. The fresh Membership fix fee is only going to become subtracted about money residing in your account. The mastercard(s) for the document with us are not energized, and you may not sustain a bad balance, on account of such Account restoration fee. For those who have perhaps not logged to your take into account 2 yrs, new Account may be terminated and you may people kept Digital Money tend to end up being extinguished.
Until expressly shown into specific strategy, Advertising and marketing Loans haven’t any bucks value and might not be used for the money, converted to many other Characteristics and you can/otherwise moved to 3rd-functions
(d) International Exchange Charges. We could possibly have fun with bank card processors or banking institutions outside the Joined Claims to help you procedure their deals. Before purchasing one Properties, delight check with your bank or charge card issuer for more information regarding its principles of foreign exchange and you may comparable charges and costs.
(e) Promotional Credit. Your expressly acknowledge one people campaign that provides facts, pre-submitted suggests, otherwise equivalent credits otherwise experts (together, “Promotion Credit”) tends to be ended from the united states within our just discernment at any day. If you have perhaps not signed in the account in the last 180 days or if perhaps their registration was terminated for any reason, your own Promotion Loans, if any, usually end and start to become forfeited.
In certain cases, their financial or charge card issuer can charge your a foreign exchange otherwise comparable percentage otherwise charge
(f) Say yes to Shop Your own Charge card Amount. So you can helps your upcoming transactions on this web site, it is important for people (or our very own agencies, e.grams., mastercard processors, commission gateways) to store your own bank card amount. Charge card number try stored in secure formats, and, not limited by, encrypted, masked, otherwise tokenized. You consent to it sites and approve us to make use of credit card count having upcoming deals on this web site.

We are indulged in rendering a wide array of WST2578W Antique Necklace Set. It is beautifully crafted with premium copper beads which gives a stylish look. It is designed with flexible thread to tie easily and fit in a reliable manner. WST2578W Antique Necklace Set is crafted with amazing traditional and historic style. It will suit with all wedding attires to give an elegant look. It doesnt give any allergy and itching on skin.

Atlanta, GA: A Sandy Springs chiropractor was behind bars after being accused of fondling a male customer during a massage session. The 28-year-old customer said his chiropractor offered a free massage session after an initial visit to his office. The chiropractor’s office is at the same location as his home address. The chiropractor was taken into custody, and remained at the Fulton County Jail on $5,000 bond for four days.
Source: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Up to date: 5 minutes ago Published: 49 minutes ago
Alaska reported 27 more COVID-19 deaths and 863 cases over two days as case rates in the state continued to fall.
The latest figures included 850 cases among residents and a further 13 among non-residents, as well as 90 hospitalized COVID-positive patients across the country – a drop from 103 hospitalized on Monday.
In general, new case data do not reflect the number of people testing positive using home tests, which are becoming increasingly popular, as health officials are calling for frequent testing as a way to prevent viral spread.
Although it was not immediately clear how recently the recently reported deaths had occurred, the state now only reports COVID-related deaths on Wednesday. Since the pandemic began, a total of 1,108 Alaska residents and 33 non-residents have died from the virus.
Despite reporting fewer cases week by week, Alaska’s seven-day new cases are still the second highest in the country, behind Maine, according to a CDC tracker. That’s probably because Alaska’s omicron wave began and peaked a few weeks after other states, Dr. Joe McLaughlin, Alaska’s state epidemiologist, Wednesday.
“We are still experiencing higher activity than in other states in general. But we are certainly on a steep downward trajectory,” he said.
State health officials last week confirmed they monitor BA.2, the new “stealth” omicron subvariant that first arrived Alaska last month but does not appear to cause more serious illness than other strains.
State health officials said this week that N95 masks – which work particularly well to prevent omicrons from spreading between people – are now available for free at many grocery stores, pharmacies and public health centers around the state.
Data show that vaccines seem to work well against symptomatic infection, especially for people who have received boosters.
Unvaccinated Alaska residents are more than nine times more likely to be hospitalized because of COVID-19 than Alaska residents who are fully vaccinated, including boosters, according to the state. Unvaccinated Alaska residents are about two and a half times more likely to be hospitalized because of COVID-19 than Alaska residents who only completed their primary vaccination series.
As of Wednesday, 62.1% of eligible Alaskans had completed their primary vaccine series. Only 26.5% had received a booster.
• • •

This is a pretty Cinderella apron to play dress up in. My women's tutu aprons make fast and easy costumes and are great for parties, hostess outfit, teacher costume or running costume. This Cinderella apron is made with a pretty satin fabric. The sweetheart top of the Cinderella apron is fully lined and has a pretty tutu skirt so you will be the BELLE OF THE BALL!
Comes in 2 women's sizes:
Small/Medium fits extra small size 0 to about a 12
Large/XL fits a size 12 to a 24
This Cinderella Costume Tutu Apron has these great features:
Retro style designed to flatter!!
Machine washable and hang to dry
Ties are adjustable to fit your size
One size fits most
Top of apron is fully lined for durability
Flirty sweetheart shaped bodice
PLEASE NOTE- This apron is recommended only for hosting or dressing up. Because of the tulle, do not use it to cook or near an open flame.

We’re an unschooling family.
With the schools breaking up for the summer, it seemed like the right time to talk about the fact that we don’t take a “school” holiday. There a lot of myths around home education, one of which being that we have to follow school terms. We don’t!
What Is Unschooling?
There are a lot of special terms, or jargon, around education. So let’s just get this one out of the way. I described us as an “unschooling family”. What on earth does that even mean?!
Unschooling is an educational philosophy or style based on the principle that children have an innate curiosity and desire to learn and that traditional schooling actually damages this. The idea is that when children are allowed to direct their own education, they will gladly learn anything they are interested in, and crucially, retain the information far better than they do if they are force fed information.
When children come willingly to a topic, they genuinely want to know all they can and they will absorb the information, or develop the skill, with no need to be “taught” by someone else. They can acquire the information through a variety of sources, and it is the parent’s role to provide access to those sources.
No limits are placed on education, or no arbitrary ones, at least. We don’t follow a schedule, or have a bell that tells us “that’s enough maths, time for geography”. If they want to spend four hours measuring things, they can do so. If they want to obsess about dinosaurs for eighteen months, they can do so. This actually happened. The four hours measuring never did, that was just an extreme example to illustrate the point.
Educational Value in Everything
Those eighteen months where all the Munchkin and the Bean were interested in was dinosaurs were AMAZING. The level of obsession was a bit intimidating, sure, but they came through it with encyclopaedic knowledge.
We read books, looked at pictures, watched videos, did volcano experiments. They learned so much about the history of the planet, geology, palaeontology, fossilisation, and reproduction! Not to mention special effects in filmmaking.
That knowledge has stuck with them. The Munchkin is now reading, totally self-taught, and can confidently read words like “Carnotaurus”, “Diplodocus” and “Tyrannosaurus”.
Children are learning all the time, so by not placing limits on their learning, we don’t ever prevent them from learning something. That would damage their relationship with education, put them off, or hold them back. Likewise, we don’t insist on them learning anything.
We appreciate that learning is lifelong, they do not have to cram everything they will ever need to know into a fixed time frame. If there is something they need to know, according to their needs, not some prescribed idea imposed on them, they will learn it.
As they go through life, they may decide they need to know how to run a business, or bake a cake, or fix a car, or design a web page. Once they decide, they will know how to find out. That is the central ethos behind unschooling: ensure they love learning and know how to learn. Then they’ll be set for life.
We have never forced numeracy or literacy. Both of them are particularly attuned with numbers. We talk about maths all the time, we explain principles, we illustrate with examples – when they ask questions. As a result, the Munchkin has a profound grasp of the theory of mathematics. So he can figure out the answer to any sum he needs. He understands the principles. If we had drilled him in his times tables and made him learn by rote, I don’t believe he would a) love maths the way he does, or b) understand it.
Likewise with reading. I’m a writer and hubby is an avid reader, so this is super important to us. I was adamant that our children would love stories. I never wanted to put them off reading or writing. So there is no pressure to do either. The Munchkin is 8 now (yikes!) and has been read to almost every day of his life. Our home is filled with books and he sees his parents and grandparents reading all the time. In his own time, in his own way, he has learned to read.
It really only clicked this year, but I wasn’t worried because I knew that this is really common. That when children are given the space to direct their own education, they typically learn to read when they are ready, sometime between 6 and 10 years old.
Our education system pushes reading at ever younger ages. It was bad enough that four-year-olds were having to do reading home work. I hear now that some preschools are forcing toddlers into phonics lessons at two or three years old (parents talking in Facebook groups, I wish I could cite a source as I find this really shocking). To me, this is madness and the only certain outcome is a generation of people who, at best, tolerate reading when they must, at worst, despise it!
Learning While Living
Unschooling families don’t divide up learning from living. Education isn’t something that happens Monday to Friday, from 9 am until 3 pm. Learning happens all the time. When a child isn’t squashed into a time table, they are open to learning from all sorts of activities, at any time they are awake! Their brain even goes on processing information while the child is asleep.
We don’t have a “school room” or “learning area”, because of this basic philosophy. We don’t need to sit at a desk to learn. Really, home education is a bit of a misnomer. A great deal of our education happens outside the home. It happens at the park, in the woods, at museums, at the cinema, at friends’ houses. It happens in the car on our way places, around the table in a cafe.
We don’t follow an educational schedule and we don’t have term times and holidays.
Because learning is not separate from life, and because education is not a negative thing; hard work and unenjoyable; our kids don’t take breaks from it. They don’t get exhausted from needing to focus for six hours a day. They don’t need down time to just watch cartoons – they can watch cartoons whenever they like! They often choose to do other things, but even cartoons can provide learning opportunities.
I was once asked by a well meaning relative if I gave the Munchkin time off for the summer. This was when he was 4. I was so stunned by the question that I don’t think I gave a very good answer.
So let me say now what I wish I had said then:
He’s four. He plays all day, every day, enjoying his childhood. We don’t do sit-down, formal work. So no, I don’t “give him time off”. Time off from what? Being a happy, engaged child? No, I don’t. He is free to be that all the time, all year round.
He may be eight now, but the same is basically true. The Bean is five, so yeah, the above is totally on point for him.
We enjoy an enormous amount of freedom and I want my children to truly appreciate that.
When I say we don’t take holidays, I don’t mean that we don’t go away anywhere. We travel! We love to travel. But do we go to top tourist destinations in August? Er… no. We don’t. We avoid doing that deliberately!
One huge advantage to home educating is that we are free to travel all year round, whenever we like. We can take advantage of off-peak travel deals, saving us a lot of money! We can also pick quieter times, and avoid big crowds. We don’t have a school to answer to (or fines to pay) if we go off to the USA for three weeks.
Taking a “holiday” or “vacation” is a chance to get away from home and do different things, but the kids don’t “need” to do this in order to relax or get away from school stress.
Also, really crucially, because of our belief that learning is always happening, we totally acknowledge that there is a lot to be learned from travelling. Contrary to what the schools seem to be saying – that if you are on holiday, your child will fall behind because they need to be at a desk being forced to learn during set hours!
Some of it is obvious; visits to Rome or Athens or Egypt are obviously going to be enormously educational. History, culture, geography, art, architecture, politics, archaeology, all without really trying. But then there are the more subtle things, like using another currency, speaking and reading another language, coping with a different climate, entertaining oneself on a plane. These are all important skills.
Being part of the wider world, grasping globalism, understanding cultural differences; being shut in a school room simply doesn’t allow this sort of education to happen.
I hope this post clears up any misconceptions you may have had. I hope you like what you’ve read and have a greater understanding of unschooling.
What are your thoughts? Is this something you would like for your family? Do you disagree with this approach? Polite debate is always welcome 😉

Time to shop! Find your favorite product, check the
latest collection & don’t miss out the best siscounts
Forgot your password?
We will send you an email to reset your password.
Sorry, there are no products in this collection
Have a question? Give us a call or fill out the contact form. We’d love to hear from you
© Copyright 2022 Tortoise & Hair.

WassinkLundgren is Still Searching
This booklet was conceived, designed and printed within seven days. The edit of the images was done afterwards. Every time we handed over a copy, we made a selection - on the spot - by tearing out the pictures we grew to dislike.
Publisher: Self published
Design: Yumigo and Drift
Edition: 500 numbered copies
Size: 15 × 18 cm
Softcover, between 1 and 52 pages

WATERPROOF RFID WRISTBANDS
Reusable or Single Use. Waterproof RFID bracelets and wristbands for use at your water park, private beach, spa, gym, sauna or pool. Issue them as tickets or as memberships and control who can use or access different areas or your hotel, resort, water park or sports facility. Your customers and guests can also use waterproof RFID wristbands to rent gear, towels or to buy food and beverages with a tap of the wristband.
Plain or Custom Branded: Our waterproof RFID wristbands come plain or with your custom branding. Get your special pantone colour on the bands and add your logo or other graphics.
Need some help? Please contact us for a free consultation and prices.
Waterproof RFID Wristbands & Bracelets
Our waterproof RFID wristbands and bracelets are suited for members or for drop-in day guests. Our premium silicone wristbands are made from high quality silicone that is difficult to break and comfortable to wear. Logos are printed using durable silicone ink that does not wear off like silk-screen logos. Laser debossed logos infilled with ink are also available. We also offer value options for our silicone wristbands and bracelets with silk-screen logos and custom colours.
Our single use PVC and vinyl wristbands are fully waterproof and come in solid colours with or without your custom branding.
Need some help? Please contact us for a free consultation and pricing.
Clean and Safe
Contactless waterproof RFID wristbands for lockers, tickets, access control and payments.
Easy Tap Convenience
RFID credentials on a waterproof wristband. Nothing to carry, nothing to lose.
Members and Day Use Guests
Use silicone for memberships and the vinyl or PVC wristbands for your day users.

We are Party Wall Surveyors specialising in party wall problems in UK. We have over twenty 5 years experience of operating in UK, acting for professionals, businesses, as well as for people.
Each short is distinct, and our dedicated group of party wall property surveyors is experienced in dealing with all manner of problems associating with party walls. We are proud to provide a bespoke service to match the differing requirements of our customers.
This website is created to supply standard information as well as offering you the opportunity to call us directly with your issues and requirements, therefore enabling our specialist Party Wall Surveyors to encourage you accordingly.
The existing legislation handling party walls and associated matters is the Party Wall etc. Act 1996, which governs the rights and commitments of those proposing work to party walls/structures, and/or underpinning thereof, adjacent excavations and/or structures (including stacked foundations).
Our group of Faulkners Surveyors Party Wall Surveyors offers a distinct niche service, which enables you to have the best quality service at competitively priced fees.
For more information contact among our Faulkners Surveyors Party Wall surveyors on 03300100262.
Party Wall (WikiPedia)
A party wall (occasionally parti-wall or parting wall, also known as common wall or as a demising wall) is a dividing partition between two adjoining buildings that is shared by the occupants of each residence or business. Typically, the builder lays the wall along a property line dividing two terraced houses, so that one half of the wall’s thickness lies on each side. This type of wall is usually structural. Party walls can also be formed by two abutting walls built at different times. The term can be also used to describe a division between separate units within a multi-unit apartment complex. Very often the wall in this case is non-structural but designed to meet established criteria for sound and/or fire protection, i.e. a firewall.
How The Party Wall etc.
Act 1996 Works In simplified terms, the Party Wall and so on. Act 1996 can be divided into 2 stages; to start with the Notifying Stage and second of all, if required, the Disputed Phase. The first stage is where the Building Owners have a legal commitment to serve a formal Notice detailing the proposed works upon the Adjacent Owners. If the Adjoining Owners are satisfied that the Structure Owners’ proposed works will be of no inconvenience or, position no hazard of damage to their property, the Adjoining Owners just require to verify, in writing, that they consent to the works and the Party Wall and so on. Act 1996 might end there. The 2nd phase would just be triggered if the Adjacent Owners had any concerns relating to the Building Owners’ proposals or picked to ignore the Notification served by the Building Owners.
A disagreement would then be deemed to have actually emerged and, the structure supplied by the Party Wall and so on. At the point of a “disagreement” having actually occurred, both the Building Owners and the Adjacent Owners have to appoint a Party Wall Property surveyor to proceed with fixing the disagreement.
Party Wall Surveyors are duty bound to administer the Act impartially as they are, in essence, representatives of the Court. Prior to any dispute arising, Structure Owners and Adjoining Owners do not necessarily require the services of a Party Wall Surveyor. However, The Party Wall Business are typically commissioned to supply advice on the Act and to serve the relevant Party Wall Notices, guaranteeing they are lawfully valid. As soon as appointed, the Surveyors will think about the proposed works and agree a Party Wall Award which would detail the building works and how they must be carried out. The rights approved within the Party Wall Award undergo the Building Owners making great any damage or, the payment of damages in lieu of making great.
What is a Party Wall Notification?
Structure Owners preparing to carry out any of the works specified within the Party Wall etc. Act 1996 have a legal commitment to serve written Notice on any Adjacent Owner who might be impacted by the Building Owners proposed works.
Mr Herman desired to repair the Party Fence Wall that divided the two gardens and served a Notification on Mr and Mrs Lehmann. As Mr Herman only served the Notice in his name, Mr and Mrs Lehmann declined to accept the Notification as being valid and argued that as both Mr and Mrs Herman would be regarded as Building Owners under the Act, Mrs Herman ought to also be included on the Notification.
What is a Party Wall Award?
A Party Wall Award is a lawfully binding document between Building Owners and Adjacent Owners, which has been agreed by the designated surveyor( s), authorising the execution of structure operate in accordance with the Act. An Award will also mention information of: how the works are to be carried out; working days and times; procedures required to secure the Adjoining Owners property from damage and unneeded inconvenience; and make provisions for making good or the payment of compensation need to damage be triggered. An Arrange of Condition study of the Adjoining Owners residential or commercial property, although not a specific requirement of the Party Wall and so on. Act 1996, is traditional and forms a referral file within the Award. The function of an Arrange of Condition survey is to supply a composed and photographic record of the condition of the structure prior to any works commencing. The schedule is then referred to needs to any damage come to light throughout or after conclusion of the works
I Currently Have Planning Permission And/ Or Building Control Approval. Do I Still Required To Follow The Party Wall Act?
If your planned works would be deemed notifiable under the Party Wall Act then yes, you would have to follow the treatments set out within the Act. No Local Authority authorization or approval would remove the legal responsibility to serve a Party Wall Notification upon your neighbour( s).
Does The Party Wall Act Cover Garden Fences?
The Act does cover “Party Fence Walls” which are considered to be a wall of solid structure that sits astride a boundary and not becoming part of a building. Any works to such walls that would be deemed notifiable under the Party Wall Act would also apply to Party Fence Walls. Lumber fencing, precast concrete posts with infill panel fencing, etc would not be considered to be a Party Fence Wall, whether astride a limit or not.
If the Adjacent Owners are satisfied that the Structure Owners’ proposed works will be of no trouble or, posture no danger of damage to their home, the Adjoining Owners just need to validate, in writing, that they consent to the works and the Party Wall etc. At the point of a “conflict” having actually occurred, both the Structure Owners and the Adjacent Owners have to designate a Party Wall Property surveyor to continue with dealing with the conflict. The Party Wall Company are frequently commissioned to offer guidance on the Act and to serve the relevant Party Wall Notices, guaranteeing they are lawfully legitimate. A Party Wall Award is a lawfully binding document in between Structure Owners and Adjoining Owners, which has actually been concurred by the selected property surveyor( s), authorising the execution of building work in accordance with the Act. Any works to such walls that would be deemed notifiable under the Party Wall Act would also use to Party Fence Walls.
Around the Web

...but I just SUCK at talking about myself. The problem is, I’m hella picky (some would even say a perfectionist) in my biz, so I’m not outsourcing my copywriting to just anybody...
I’m pretty creative, and I’m not an awful writer...
I do, however, understand the insane value of incredible copy for a coaching biz, so I am NOT willing to settle for mediocre messaging.
I’m good at a lot of things…but writing is not one of them.
I need this written YESTERDAY and done flawlessly the FIRST time.
Honey, I got 99 problems, and finding the time to write my own copy (or do anything out of my zone of genius, for that matter) is 98 of them!
Running your biz and building a whole damn empire is no simple task.
So if you’re ready to massively level up your messaging and
take your offers from that “eh, maybe” level to “hell yes!” no-brainers
and turn iffy prospects into brand obsessed bffs
...you’re in the right place.
As your copy partner, it’s my mission to provide you with words that work as hard as you do.
I do this with intentional copy that sets you apart from the other guys/gals in a way that remains true to your brand vibe & values so you can connect with your clients and convert prospects in the realest way.
Your secret weapon & conversion copy sidekick helping you educate, inspire, and enlighten your audience using a careful combo of strategy and storytelling.
Transforming tentative prospects into
Homegirl got her start as a B2B (business to business) technology copywriter 🤓.
I wasn’t driven to that path by burning passion or any sort of affinity for tech. I’ll tell you what did drive me in that direction: money.
Since I had experience in the industry, I was good at it, and I was told that was the niche to focus on if you wanted to make bank, that’s where I began.
Still working at Capital One as a lead copywriter at the time and feeling unfulfilled at that day job, I would come home and crank out some B2B tech content feeling equally unfulfilled.
The real fun started when I decided to quit Cap One with not nearly enough savings in the bank to support myself and took my B2B tech copywriting biz full-time (my mom was PISSED when I told her about this “irresponsible decision”).
Two months in, I was making big bucks and doing pretty well for myself.
Naturally, I decided this was the perfect time to switch sh*t up BIG TIME.
Here’s the thing—I’m not going to lie for the sake of a good story.
A conversion copywriter & brand storyteller
for female coaches
I’m not gonna sit here and tell you I started as a copywriter for coaches, or that I knew from day #1 that my purpose was to help other female entrepreneurs—quite frankly—make sh*t happen.
Nope. It all began in quite the opposite direction, actually.
Let’s talk about you, your story, and how we can use your maybe less-than-perfect path to connect you with your people.
Now, enough about me.
Despite branding myself as a B2B tech copywriter, I had always attracted online coaches.
After doing some soul searching (aka ranting to unamused friends about not knowing what direction to niche down in), I realized coaches were actually my favorite kind of entrepreneurs to partner up with—we always made an amazing team.
So I was all, “why not?!”
I took a chance, jumped in headfirst, and haven’t even glanced back since.
I’m hooked. (And, it doesn’t hurt that I’m really freaking good at this whole “copywriting for coaches” thing.)
So there it is. That’s it.
My story isn’t super clean-cut, and maybe I didn’t do things the way I was “supposed to.” But hey, it led us together and to have this chat, so I’m pretty happy with how things turned out.
B.A. in Professional & Technical Writing (cum laude) from Virginia Tech
Empath + Sass
Anything on Bravo (if you try to tell me any season of Real Housewives other than NYC is the best, things might get physical)
The outdoors (especially the ocean!)
Plants that I can manage to keep alive
(But working with badass coaches all over the world)
"I love bread."

“Fever Dream” is a new solo performance work by CMU School of Drama MFA student Scout Davis, supported by Microgrant #2021-010 from the Frank-Ratchye Fund for Art @ the Frontier.
Fever Dream is a new solo work which explores the embodiment and re-embodiment of Scout’s past self through various forms and mediums including tapes of a Santa Monica Acting Class from 2004/2005 (where their mental processing/sexuality/gender identity was beginning to bud but remained silent inside their body), Peggy Lee’s Is That All There Is? (sung to them by their grandfather at a very young age-acting as a prophecy of the life to come and the dependency on drugs and alcohol to forget the trauma of the past) and other major moments of evolution.
The work utilizes the device of great augmentation of self within a larger than life drag persona (via lip syncs to past mediums and Scott themself as a material including family home videos etc.) In this exploration, there is something almost Artaudian, there is a working out of or exorcising out the secrets and lies that have kept Scott captive for so long. There is a great sense of cruelty when reacquainting oneself to past traumas and combining that with larger than life performance of self, a true cathartic act can take place. This layered process is supported through durational movement through great sustained endurance towards a new state of enlightenment, healing, and understanding.
Conceived and performed by Scout Davis
Facilitated by Anne Cecelia DeMelo
Video projections by Matthias Neckerman
Scenic design by Lena Banchero
Full look designed by Jean Luc Deladurantaye and Gloria Swansong
Video assistance by Davine Byon and Jonathan Perez

Dead Rising 2 Game Review:
Dead Rising 2 is the second edition of one of my favourite games of all time and this new edition does not disappoint in any way, shape or form as it is simply fantastic. The game has much improved graphics from the first game which I did not think was possible and also an all new story which is slightly better than the original which again was shocking for me. I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game as much as the original and would highly recommend.
The Price for this game is Rated as Standard for this type of game.
The game is available on the following Platforms:
Computer / PC / Laptop
We have also compiled a Review System for this, of which Dead Rising 2 is Rated as Five Stars, the highest possible score available from the Game Review Team.
The Website address for Capcom is: http://www.capcom-europe.com
The Website address for Dead Rising 2 is: http://www.capcom-europe.com/games/Dead-Rising-2-Xbox-360

Best Audio to Midi Converters
You don’t have look for professionals to have your files converted to MIDI. You can do it alone by purchasing the one of the Best audio to midi converter. What you will need to have is a converter that will have files made to the right format that you want. These are unique converters that are able to or compliant to work with all professional electronic music devices, you won’t be mesmerized when using them because if there efficiency.
A List of Top Best Audio to Midi Converters
DIGITNOW USB Audio Capture Card Grabber for Vinyl Cassette Tapes
This is a USB audio grabber that has been designed with a 3.5mm and audio connector input that is connected via the USB to PC. You will be a t a greater position of recording your audio directly into the computer and then change it to MP3 or WAV. It is a plug and play device that does not need any extra supply of power for it to work. When you buy it, it also comes with professional audio capture or the converting software. The best part is that the online updating ability is also there.
You can use it to record either live audio or transfer or transfer analogue to digital format
Easy to install and use, no major complications are expected
Comes with various digital effects like changing of pitch, removing of background voices among others
Enough bandwidth to handle 2 channels
XtremPro X1-1 High Performance USB DAC Headphone Amp OTG Amplifier
The good thing that will come with this device is that it is ready to play all types of music files that you are having. When it comes to volume control, it is one of the best in the market as it has up 64 level of volume control. On top of that, it has variable output drives to power speakers or the power amp. You can be sure that you will have the best service when you are using this kind of converter with you. It has been made with a higher power, low distortion and also some superior linearity. I can assure you that the details that it has are incredible with clarity that is also outstanding.
It is able to drive headphones in a direct manner
Uses asynchronous class 1USB data transfer
Has an isolated dual maser clock that will enable all sample rates to be processed with ease
Fitted with direct circuitry they the analogue control and analogue output areas
Sonuus i2M Musicport – Universal Audio to MIDI Converter
Simplicity is always hat you need when you want to deal with or operate such converters. The great news is that this is what you have been looking for. It is a simple to use item that is also very effective in what it does. The unique feature that it has that others have maybe failed to acquire is its ability to ensure that a guitar is also used. The guitar to midi ability that combines it with HI-Z USB audio input ensures that the end result is always fantastic. It is also a universal converter because it does not need any special pickup to be used or to be put on the guitar for it to work. What you need to have is a standard guitar lead to connect it to the guitar.
It has been designed with a HI-Z USB interface for the audio purposes
It has been made for use for Voice, guitar or wind
No much connection or installation needed, it is just a plug and play
It is both fast and also accurate with a near zero rated latency
Sonuus G2M – Universal Audio to 5pin MIDI Din Converter
It comes with the ability to ensure that any electric guitar that you have can be connected to it and be used as a solo MIDI guitar. To add on that, this is able to ensure that it works with other instruments like he bass, the voice and other wind instruments. That means that it multi-usage will cut down your costs of buying other converters to use in those music instruments. It is also highly effective and the results that it is able to produce are top of the notch. No much connection will be needed when handling it.
Its effective and rated to have almost zero latency during
It does not need any special mounting so that it works with guitars
Connection and usage is easy, just like any other pedal
It is also both fast and accurate
CAMOLA USB MIDI Host Box MIDI Interface to MIDI Converter
The major function of this device is to convert the USB MIDI device interface that a musical instrument has to a common 5-pin MIDI interface. At the same time, it is able to supply power to the product. You might be wondering where the power comes from. It comes from the optional standard USB adapter that has been installed into the converter. It has been fitted and made with the high performing FTP processing ability where by you will find 1-in and 1-out 16 channel MIDI interface. Other than that, you can also use it to connect MIDI devices that have A MIDI 5-pin interface and those that have USB interfaces.
Comes designed with 16 channels that have a standard MIDI interface
Has a full speed standard MIDI USB HOST interface designed on it
Unique make allows it to communicate all MIDI that are standard
USB port fitted on it to supply power to the system
Don’t buy something that will always be disturbing you when it comes to audio conversation to MIDI. Have something that you are sure of and these ones here are no gambling because they work. Have the best that you prefer and start work straight away because they are just plug-and-play.

Sports Day 2012
School Sports Day took place on Tuesday 19th June. We were very lucky with the weather this year and all of of pupils had a lots of fun. This year we have decided to split all our pupils up into three teams, red, green and white. Races for each class were run as per usually, however instead of medals being presented for each race, pupils achieved points for their respected team.
1st Place -> 3 points
2nd Place -> 2 points
3rd Place -> 1 point.
When all the races were complete, the points were added up and this years winners were the Green Team. Well done to all the boys and girls for taking part and thanks to all the relative and friends of the school community who came along to support our pupils.

There are already excellent answers to the bulk of the question, but perhaps not to "Were they [the Ring-Bearers] mortal once again because the Ring's power had been broken by its destruction, or the magic of the Undying Lands, or did the Valar themselves reverse it?"
Tolkien does answer this. When Bilbo is talking with Gandalf, he says:
'I am old, Gandalf. I don't look it, but I am beginning to feel it in my heart of hearts. Well-preserved indeed!' he snorted. 'Why, I feel all thin, sort of stretched, if you know what I mean: like butter that has been scraped over too much bread.
(Some useful dates: Bilbo was born in 2890. He acquired the Ring in 2941 at age 50. He gives up the Ring in 3001 at age 111. Frodo sees Bilbo in Rivendell in 3018 when Bilbo is 128 and he is 129 when the Ring is destroyed. He leaves for Aman at age 133. He possessed the Ring for 60 years.)
So when Bilbo is 111 (comparable to mid-late 80s for a human) he looks fifty, but feels "stretched" and "like butter that has been scraped over too much bread". The Ring confers unending life but not more life. The "immortality" of the Ring is a poisoned chalice.
Bilbo lives in outward vigor and youth until he gives up the Ring. When Frodo sees him in Rivendell (Bilbo is around 130 -- like one of us at 100), Bilbo is depicted as older, but not yet showing his full age. Bilbo says:
I have thought several times of going back to Hobbiton for it; but I am getting old, and they would not let me: Gandalf and Elrond, I mean. They seemed to think that the Enemy was looking high and low for me, and would make mincemeat of me, if he caught me tottering about in the Wild.
When Bilbo asks to hold the Ring, Frodo sees him as
a little wrinkled creature with a hungry face and bony groping hands.
Now the emotional part of this is false and due to the Ring, but note that Bilbo is objectively described as "wrinkled" with "bony" hands. Also, Bilbo is usually described as the "old Hobbit" while in Rivendell.
So while Bilbo no longer has the Ring, but the Ring still exists, he began to age normally or perhaps a bit faster than that. When Frodo meets him in Rivendell, Bilbo is 128 years old (human ~100) but held the Ring for 60 years and looks like he is getting old, but is still healthy. This fits very well with him show a hobbit-age of just the years he was without the Ring: 50+18 or about 68. It is consistant with the book that the years Bilbo held the Ring do not affect his age as long as the Ring exists.
But once the Ring has been destroyed, Frodo returns to Bilbo in Rivendell:
[Frodo] found him all alone in his little room. It was littered with papers and pens and pencils; but Bilbo was sitting in a chair before a small bright fire. He looked very old, but peaceful, and sleepy.
He's now fully showing his great age -- he's a centenarian by our standards and showing every year of it.
Bottom line: Once Bilbo gave up the Ring he started ageing again normally. When the Ring was destroyed, his full age quickly returned. By the time he left for Valinor, he was a very old Hobbit -- the oldest for which there was a record -- but not yet into supernatural territory.
With the Ring destroyed, the various Ring-Bearers were their true ages and the Ring's physical effects were gone. They were mortal.

This was a short pre-Christmas Sunday ramble with my daughter Nicola over 9 miles between Abersoch and Pwllheli. It was quite a late start for us (well by my standards). We drove to and parked in Pwllheli in a free car park (well actually all the parking was free over the Christmas period). We then caught the 10:00 #18 bus to Abersoch at £1.80 each.
The weather was delightful, warm , sunny, dry and windy (with the wind with us). We walked mainly on the beach, except for two small headlands, the first contained some very steep steps down to the beach (which where not on the official WCP). we called these steps “The Steps of Doom” as they were very steep and covered in leaves. The handrail was very useful.
The walk took 2hrs 55mins to cover the 9 miles. Closeby the bus and train station is The Pen y Cob, a nice Wetherspoons where we had Sunday lunch, with a couple of pints of Doom Bar. Nice!
Distance today = 9 miles
Total distance = 1165 miles

When Onelio Mencho-Aguilar was 13-years-old, he left his mother and siblings to embark on a treacherous journey through rural Guatemala to the U.S. alone. His hope? That he could find a job and send money to his struggling family.
He spoke neither English nor Spanish, only Mam, a Mayan language used by just half a million people.
But against the odds, he found a home here in Alexandria and with the support he found, he thrived. First as a student at T.C. Williams High School and now as a teacher at the International Academy where new arrivals to the U.S. are educated and supported.
The soft-spoken 27-year-old uses his own incredible story to inspire and encourage his students.
I share my story with students every day, especially my new students. I share a lot of things in common with them. So every single day I try to cheer them up because I know that they’re going through a lot of hardships in life. Finding that common ground with them is really helpful because I want to be that person that they can trust.”
As a child growing up in the hills of Quetzaltenango, he was all too aware of the struggle his single mother of four children faced to make ends meet.
She scraped together a living by working in corn and potato fields and weaving huipiles, traditional Mayan dresses, to sell.
One day, when he told her he planned to leave and go to the U.S. to earn money, his mother understandably said no.
But a few months later, facing unthinkable hardship, she reluctantly agreed to let her determined son take his chances.
At first, he said, the journey was exciting, one big adventure to be traveling through cities and countries as a wide-eyed teen.
Yet when he reached Mexico, things changed and the reality of what he had undertaken hit him.
“Once I started taking the train out through Mexico, I realized that I had taken a really dangerous decision. I thought about going home several times,” he said.
It took him a month to reach the desert on the Mexico/Arizona border where he paid a coyote to lead him to the U.S.
I walked in the desert for four days, and we didn’t have enough water and food and we were lost. So that was very, very dangerous and scary for a lot of us. I remember that there were a lot of young people with us as well. I got sick, I thought I was going to die.”
Eventually, one night he saw lights in the distance. A feeling of relief poured over him as his dream of America came into view.
From Arizona he traveled to Los Angeles and got a job on a construction site but when his age was discovered, he was fired.
With no money and nowhere to stay, he wandered the city for days, frightened and alone.
He was helped by a Mexican woman who saw him crying at a bus stop. She arranged for him to travel to Virginia, where he reunited with a father he hadn’t seen for ten years.
Despite a difficult relationship, he credits his father with enrolling him at school, first in Arlington and then to Minnie Howard and later T.C. Williams.
“I remember my first day going to school and we were taken to the library and I just fell in love with the books and the smell of books. I was just surprised by the number of books in the library, too, because where I came from, we didn’t have access to even a library and so seeing that here opened my eyes.”
“I had a lot of amazing teachers, and I think that’s one of the many reasons why I succeeded was because of great teachers who really cared about me, cared about my learning, and also cared about my well-being. I had a teacher at T.C. who was the first person that noticed that I was in need and started reaching out to social workers who could help me.”
To graduate on time, Mencho-Aguilar devoted himself to his studies, enrolling in summer school and night classes.
When his father returned to Guatemala, he ended up in foster care.
Yet his academic success led to him being featured in the Washington Post nine years ago.
He went on to study at NOVA and then transferred to Marymount University, majoring in English literature, with a goal of entering law school.
But an internship at a law firm in his senior year of college put an end to any legal ambitions.
“I realized I just didn’t like anything related to law. Then an opportunity came up, and I started substituting at T.C.’s International Academy. I was a long term substitute teacher and I just fell in love with interacting with the students, learning about them and teaching them.”
“I would say there was a moment when I realized that I could actually make a positive change in this world and inspire other students.”
He is now a permanent and valuable member of the teaching staff and works alongside some of his former teachers who were so important to his own success.
His life experience has become a major asset to his career as he can relate to so many of his students who find themselves in a similar position to himself as a child.
“I am someone that looks like them, someone who speaks their language now and someone who has actually made it and was able to graduate and go to college. I think that sends them a strong message. Like my students, I still miss home sometimes. I left family and had to get used to the new culture here, learn the language.”
“Just talking about the food, the music or even the festivals that we celebrate in our countries helps, especially if they are feeling homesick. I want them to think, ‘Oh, yeah, I should motivate myself and work hard.'”
And the satisfaction from seeing his students graduate?
One of the best feelings of my life,” he said.

Best bulking cycle beginners, best steroids cycle for huge size
Best bulking cycle beginners
Dianabol (Methandrostenolone) This steroid is considered the best when it comes to bulking and is ideal for beginners (if consumed in the pill form)who are looking for an increase in muscle mass. It is recommended to take 1 week, 1 week and then 1 week. Aromatase inhibitors (i.e. Steroid Steroids) Aromatase inhibitors are the steroid used very commonly, best cycle beginners bulking. This class is anabolic and their side effect is often weight gain and increased risk to cancer, best bulking cycle beginners. Take one week and then stop it and make your weight back. However, since this class is very heavy on dosing this is recommended to be done last to prevent weight gain. Cortisone (Ricin) This steroid is used primarily when there is resistance to gaining strength, best bulking products. Its effects are similar to testosterone but at a lower dose which can make it less of a stimulant. Cyclenolone (Progesterone) An interesting steroid that is used along with testosterone. It causes increases in muscle growth. It doesn't have as extreme an anabolic effect and may cause some problems for an acne sufferer, best bulking injectable steroid stack. It can get into the blood and cause changes in its metabolism and therefore may cause some issues with acne. Cyclophosphamide (Progesterone L-6-Methylpropionate) This steroid is only recommended when there is moderate to severe acne and it is necessary to supplement the steroids with this type of steroids, best bulking steroid cycle. For this reason, this steroid would require 2, 4 or 5 weeks of use in a 12 week cycle Dihydrotestosterone (Estradiol) This is the main steroid in oral contraceptives and is used in the contraceptive pill, best steroid cycle for muscle gain for beginners. This type of steroid is a more anabolic steroid that is a good choice for a beginner. It has a greater chance of improving results, but it can cause problems with metabolism such as excessive water retention. Taking this as soon as possible in the cycle will also help with the water retention problems, best bulking steroid cycle. Also this can make a woman less fertile, best bulking routine for skinny guys. However, there is more study on this steroid. Progesterone L-6-Methylpropionate (Progestin in Female Contraceptives) (Also known as Estroflornithine [E2F] in male contraceptives) A natural form of Progesterone. This type of steroid is great for anabolic steroids since it increases strength, mass, strength and fat-loss. Testosterone Isobutrolate (T4) This steroid causes growth and a build up of muscle tissue.
Best steroids cycle for huge size
Best steroid for lean muscle growth, best steroid oral cycle best used with other steroids like winsol and clenbutrol. I prefer to work out alone and this stuff is the best 9.1% Cocaine 7, bulking steroids oral.5% methadone 2, bulking steroids oral.6% Oxycodone 2, bulking steroids oral.5% codeine 1, bulking steroids oral.4% Hydromorphone 1, bulking steroids oral.4% Hydrocodone 0, bulking steroids oral.9% Other drugs 3%. This is very hard for me to work out with, best bulking results. I can usually get more out of a few of my other drugs, best bulking results. This has been better for some reason. 12.1% Oxycodone 3, the best mass building steroid cycle.3% Heroin 3% Hydrocodone 2% For more information see "How to increase strength" on the Wolmar 9 Cocaine 7, best size for cycle steroids huge.5% methadone 2, best size for cycle steroids huge.6% Oxycodone 2, best size for cycle steroids huge.5% codeine 1, best size for cycle steroids huge.4% Hydromorphone 1, best size for cycle steroids huge.4% Hydrocodone 0, best size for cycle steroids huge.9% Amphetamine: Oxycodone: 12.1% Heroine: 14, best steroid for solid muscle gain.5% Other drugs: 3.3% This is very hard for me to work out with. I can usually get more out of a few of my other drugs, best bulking stack for beginners. This has been better for some reason. 20, top steroid for muscle growth.0% Oxycodone: 1.4% Heroin: 7, best bulking results0.6% Other drugs: 13, best bulking results1.3% This is very hard for me to work out with, best bulking results1. I can usually get more out of a few of my other drugs. This has been better for some reason. The same as above, but add in the following: Cocaine: 27.8% Codeine: 16, best steroids cycle for huge size.4% Methadone: 6.6% Hydromorphone: 4, best bulking results3.5% Other drugs: 4, best bulking results4.9% This is very hard for me to work out with, best bulking results4. I can usually get more out of a few of my other drugs. This has been better for some reason. 13.3% Oxycodone: 3, best bulking results5.8% Heroin: 15, best bulking results6.0% Other drugs: 4.6% This is very hard for me to work out with. I can usually get more out of a few of my other drugs. This has been better for some reason, best bulking results7. I take codeine in the morning, which I take at night, best bulking results8.
It can really bulk you up, though you will need to work hard during the cutting cycle to get rid of the water you retain during the bulking cycle, best anabolic steroid cycle for muscle gain. There is not much that you can do at first as this cycle doesn't produce much, though you probably won't lose that much as you will gain in the area of body fat you were taking as it is the opposite of body fat loss. This is because the initial bulking phase of the cycle will have the greatest effect on fat loss, while the secondary bulking phase will help you lose fat. Most people will need to cycle until they hit the size range of around 20-25% bodyfat. From this point on you can bulk as frequently as you like and increase your intake of amino acids, protein, and fat. This increases the growth rate of muscle tissue and gives you more time to lose fat. How to Cycle: You can cycle a lot more than just 5 days per week, you can also cycle over 2-3 weeks as well. You will notice that when you get into the bulk phase you will gain and lose muscle at about the same rate, it will take about a week for it to become apparent the difference between gaining and losing. Here is what the cycle as a whole looks like. 1) Begin with the first 5 days of the cycle, this will serve as an idea for when you're gaining. 2) This is the initial bulking phase, the first 4 days will consist simply of increasing your calories. As you get into the muscle gain phase you will start increasing the volume in order to give yourself the necessary time to complete the bulking phase, if you're bulking after the initial bulking phases then you don't need this stage. 3) After the initial bulking phase you will increase your calorie intake on the days you're gaining and decrease after the second phase. It'll be about a 30% calorie reduction per day instead of the usual 30-35% at the beginning of the cycle. 4) This stage will serve as for you to get in to the weight range, you can increase the size of your biceps even more and increase your protein intake even more, this will help you maintain a constant weight and a consistent muscle mass during the bulk phase. Once you're at the desired body fat you will increase the frequency of your cycles by the following formula. 50% bodyfat = 1- 1 pound of muscle 25% bodyfat = 1.5 pounds of muscle 15% bodyfat = 2 pounds of muscle 10% bodyfat = 3 pounds Similar articles:

Hey y’all! Been a minnnnute.
I am still here and still working on my fitness and health. Like many people, I got laid off and right around the time I started my YouTube channel and this blog. It’s been rough and while I have two vlogs in the edit queue, I just have been paralyzed by, you know, not having a steady income. And with this COVID-19 business, I, like so many of you, won’t know when another job will turn up. Shit is wild right now.
On to other business
I have just started exercising again, this time in my living room, with my big ass TV, watching the HASfit YouTube channel1. I put this off fo a month and a half but the other morning, even though I only had 4 hours sleep, I felt like exercising and I did. I vlogged that entire day and have it in the queue for editing.
Been eating out less and much, much better. My skin is looking better, I am feeling better about eating better. It’s cyclical.
I’ve been getting in veggies and fruits. I made crab cakes and roasted2 veggies, and a couple of small red potatoes.
Today, 2020-04-23, I did get takeout and really only at that all day. I’ve got to be better about eating throughout the day so that I am not shoveling 1000 calories in my face at dinner. I don’t eat until dinner and then it’s all downhill from there. Tomorrow I’ll get it right.
The whole site was down all day Monday. It made it a hassle to track my lifting.

When it was announced that LaMelo Ball was going to return to high school and LiAngelo Ball was going to enter his name in the G League player pool, many assumed that LaVar Ball’s Junior Basketball Association (JBA) had no future.
However, earlier this week, the JBA teased a big announcement through their Instagram that might have put those rumors to bed:
What this likely means is that the JBA is returning for its second season. Last year, the JBA played through its inaugural season and the Los Angeles Ballers were crowned champions of the league.
While LaMelo Ball almost certainly won’t be playing, there’s a good chance that LiAngelo will, considering he hasn’t played a game of organized basketball since the conclusion of the JBA World Tour in December.
It’s also possible that standouts like Curtis Hollis and Jordan Ray as they get ready for the next step of their basketball careers. Ray declared for the 2019 NBA Draft in November.
Whatever the announcement might be, it sounds like it will be worth tuning in for. We’ll have more for you when the time comes.

The most recent model isn’t a patched up form contrasted with the past model, it is a totally new age of autos. Outfitted with more current security gear, the 2019 Volvo XC70 is changed into a hybrid customized to each kind of street. The new XC70 accompanies an improved vehicle adjustment include and also extras that are accessible to the driver at the season of procurement. This model will offer you comfort, security, driving capacity, execution, and solidness in the bends.
2019 Volvo XC70 Redesign Exterior & Interior
Various developments in the outside outline of this model are energized by the complex execution of the new Volvo XC70. The new front and back guards make the impression of a more extensive and lower auto. The new daytime running lights give the front section a contemporary look, while the bent backlights of the auto outwardly approach the surface.
The New Volvo XC70 can likewise be furnished with expressive 19-inch wheels, with no misfortune as far as driving solace. The entire arrangement gave the auto a complex execution, while chrome points of interest give the auto an upscale premium feel. The consideration paid to every one of the points of interest gives the new Volvo XC70 an enhanced dosage of modernity.
Shrewd flexible highlights of the 2019 Volvo XC70 give you the opportunity of unconstrained conduct. Versatile outside, more baggage space, lodge comfort improved with warmed and ventilated seats and a phenomenal sound framework. The stopping help camera, which upgrades perceivability behind the auto, is circumspectly coordinated into the back end. The route screen gives the driver a back perspective of the back in quit for the day.
The edge of the cushion and towing snare additionally appears, assuming any, so this camera enables the driver to precisely stop or gather with the trailer. The picture on the screen additionally contains guidelines that demonstrate to you the constant auto way. The framework turns on and off when you begin the switch. The security highlights of the new Volvo XC70 set another standard. Incorporates a fortified security confine, and additionally upgraded hostile to theft insurance by breaking glass windows.
2019 Volvo XC70 Engine Specs; Hybrid Options
The 2019 Volvo XC70 AWD, expanded freedom, bigger haggles strong looks, got a drive in its scope of powertrains – a 3.0-liter T6 fuel. To be specific, other than 2.4-liter D5 diesel motors with 185 hp and 400 Nm, the XC70 is presently accessible with a six-chamber 3.0 T6 turbocharged motor of 285 hp and 400 Nm of torque extending from 1500 to 4800 rpm. With it, the XC70 T6 AWD from 0 to 100 km/h quickens in 7.6 seconds, accomplishes the best speed of 210 km/h and devours 11.7 liters each 100 km.
2019 Volvo XC70 Release Date and Price
Because of its solace, wellbeing, and adaptability, this model is perfect for family trips. It will be accessible toward the finish of 2018 at a cost of $ 45,000.

JOHNSTON & MURPHY XC4® TANNER WINGTIP
•Our most-advanced XC4® yet!
•Exclusive breathable, waterproof, construction and materials.
•Axis Chassis™ System offers optimal support and stability.
•Smart Degree Technology™ temperature-regulating interior polymers activate at both hot and cold temperatures, so your feet feel just-right all day.
•XC Foam™ delivers superior cushioning, lightweight comfort.
•Dual-width footbed can be easily removed to accommodate your own orthotic or wide foot.
•Removable multi-density footbed with memory-foam cushioning and arch support.

Sheriff's employees agree to settle workers' comp claims
Details of proposed settlement 'confidential for now,' attorney says
A group of Flagler County Sheriff’s Office employees has reached a tentative settlement with the agency’s insurer just days before a judge was to begin hearing testimony in a slate of workers' compensation cases, attorneys for the employees said.
The insurer, Florida Sheriffs Risk Management Fund, initially denied all 26 of the claims from deputies and civilian employees in May 2018 when officers assigned to work at the Sheriff’s Office Operations Center began claiming that mold and other possible toxins they were exposed to inside the building were making them sick.
Geoff Bichler became lead attorney for the affected Sheriff’s Office employees in June 2018, shortly after their claims were reopened. He met with about 15 of those clients Tuesday night at the Coastal Florida Police Benevolent Union headquarters in Daytona Beach and told them about the settlement offer. All of the affected employees have agreed to accept the mediation offer, Bichler said after the closed-door meeting.
"The entire group is really pretty thrilled with the outcome," Bichler said. "Everybody is in. The entire group is resolving their claims.
"I can’t really talk about the details of the settlement because that’s confidential for now," he said. "But there is basically a pot of money that’s being utilized to make our clients whole."
Court records show several of the Sheriff's Office employees' final compensation claim hearings were set to begin Thursday. There were hearings scheduled throughout the rest of the month for other affected workers. Each of the hearings was expected to culminate with Administrative Judge Wilbur Anderson making an individual ruling on the merits of the respective claims.
Bichler said Tuesday’s meeting was originally a final meeting with his clients to prepare them for the hearings. But after months of stonewalling, he said Florida Sheriff’s Risk Management sent a settlement offer the afternoon of July 3.
Sheriff’s Office Detective Jorge "Gabe" Fuentes was scheduled to have the final hearing on his claim on July 30. He said the settlement was an easy decision for him and his co-workers.
"It’s just basically like everyone can take a breath and just kind of relax a little bit right now," he said.
Fuentes, who serves as a senior vice president with the Coastal Florida PBA, said he began making phone calls last week to notify fellow members of the Sheriff’s Office workers’ union about the pending mediation.
"It’s been an extremely heavy weight," he said Tuesday night. "Every day it’s a topic of conversation; every day it’s a worry of what’s going on and what’s the next step."
Florida Sheriffs Risk Management won’t admit the operations center building caused the workers’ illnesses, and is not paying any of the employees’ medical bills, according to stipulations in the settlement. They are paying an undisclosed lump sum from which each affected worker will share. The settlement also sanctions the employees to take their fight to the circuit court and sue Flagler County civilly.
"They’re not acknowledging liability under workers’ comp," Bichler said. "They’re just settling the claims and saying go into circuit court and sue the county and whatever other defendants you can identify."
Phone calls and emails to Florida Sheriffs Risk Management were not returned.
Bichler’s Maitland law firm is preparing civil negligence complaints that will likely name Flagler County, which owns the operations center building, as the central defendant. Inspectors and contractors who helped endorse the county’s 2013 purchase of the building also could be listed as defendants, he said.
Sheriff Rick Staly and the Sheriff’s Office will not be listed as defendants. In fact, Staly, who has been supportive of his employees throughout the nearly two-year ordeal, confirmed that he has agreed to participate in his employees' civil suits and possibly testify as a witness against the county. He said Wednesday he likely would've testified about his experience working inside the operations center even if the two sides hadn't reached a settlement.
"I’m very happy that our employers prevailed against an insurance company that wasn’t handling it the way that I wanted it handled," he said. "It is unfortunate that the employees had to go to this extent to get what they should’ve gotten from day one."
The Sheriff's Office workers' compensation policy with Florida Sheriffs Risk Management expires Sept. 30. Staly indicated Wednesday he is exploring options for all of the agency's insurance policies, including health insurance.
Representatives from Florida Sheriffs Risk Management could not be reached for comment Wednesday, nor could attorneys who represented the insurance carrier. Bichler said legal teams on both sides are finishing up the paperwork and finalizing the settlement's details before submitting it to a workers’ compensation judge for approval.
Sheriff’s Office employees will then be able to file civil lawsuits, he said.
Bichler called the collective of claims a "groundbreaking case" that captured the attention of law enforcement and fire suppression agencies across the state, many of whom grapple with mold exposure and other issues of their own.
"What you’re going to see now, by virtue of this case, is that other unions will engage, other employees will see that there is a methodology that they can utilize," Bichler said. "That you can be effective in making changes with buildings and creating a much more positive work environment."

Your trusted partner for tax credit processing.
The best and brightest to ensure excellent client service.
Join a talented team of high performing individuals.
CARES Act Employee Retention Credit
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Economic Relief.
Disaster Relief Incentives for 2018-2019-2020 natural disasters.
Work Opportunity Tax Credit Program rewards employers for hiring from various target groups.
Restaurant Revitalization Fund
$28.6B grant program for the restaurant industry.
Incentives to businesses to hire those that experience employment barriers.
Leverage training and job creation State tax credits.
Please login to our Client Portal here.
Stay current with the changing landscape in the incentives industry.
Find out what has been happening at Synergi Partners.
See our latest videos to learn more about available tax credits.
Do you know an organization that could benefit from our services?
Request to access our Trust Package
Partner with Us
The original infographic can be found here.
Staffuing Employees work in virtually every occupation and in all sectorsAmerican Staffing Association, Indystry Stats
Staffuing Employees work in virtually every occupation and in all sectors
37% Industrial28% Office-Clerical and Administration13% Professional – Managerial13% Engineering, IT and Scientific9% Health Care
Each qualified WOTC employee hired is worth $2400 to $9600 in tax credits for your business

Are you winning the homework battle? Is the distraction of Fortnite keeping YOU up at night, wondering how you can help your child finish their homework? These five steps culled from some of our favorite experts in the field of ADHD can help you keep homework on track.
Carve out a specific time for your child to complete their homework that works with their schedule and temperament.
The perfect time to do homework (other than “The first time you’re asked, sweetie”) varies by child and schedule. If your child attends aftercare or participates in after-school sports, you might find the right time is after your evening meal. If your child bounds off the bus shortly after school is out, you and your child might prefer to get it out of the way after a snack or short physical activity to unload from school. Whatever time you choose, try for consistency, and give them a heads up: “Kids with ADHD don’t easily shift from one activity to the other, especially from fun time to work time,” explains Vicki Siegel, an ADHD and LD coach. “You might say, ‘You can play for 15 more minutes, then come in for homework.’”
Create a comfortable environment that encourages focus.
The last thing your child needs when they start homework is any additional stress, so work with your child to help them find a place in the house that is free from other distractions and that makes them feel comfortable. Children with ADHD often benefit from multiple homework zones so that they can move around, or even a portable homework station that enables them to make any (distraction-free) space a homework space, giving them more freedom of both movement and choice.Your child might benefit from sensory input like a Senseez pillow, sitting with the family pet or music. If your child is ADHD-Hyperactive or Combined Type, they will likely need a fidget toy to assist them in focusing. And finally, proximity to the homework helper for help and positive reinforcement is key to any homework zone.
Break down the tasks and the time into smaller segments.
Children with ADHD are often overwhelmed by starting tasks, so break down homework into sizeable chunks and set the Time Timer to keep track of how much time is remaining before break and how much time remains on their break. Education expert Ann Dolin, M. Ed., suggests visually breaking down homework for younger children--even folding the worksheet in half so that they can focus on a smaller portion of work.
ADHD expert Mary Ann Mulcahey, Ph.D. says that younger children might only be able to sustain attention for five to twenty minutes with a short timed break (of 3-5 minutes) before returning to their work.
Discuss rewards in advance.
Children with ADHD struggle with willpower and motivation to do work with little immediate reward or interest, according to Russell Barkley, Ph.D. That’s why immediate rewards for homework can help to motivate them to complete it. To maximize motivation, discuss rewards ahead of time with your child, which can help maintain their interest and ensure they aren’t disappointed. If the reward is play time, physical activity is a better choice for most kids than video games, but video games are OK as long as your is not hyperfocused on unlocking or advancing to the next level. Also consider longer term rewards for the end of each quarter to allow for a larger celebration of all of their hard work (and yours!).
Help them keep track of their assignments (and their textbooks).
Chronic disorganization is one of the criteria for a diagnosis of ADHD, so it’s no surprise that for most children with ADHD, all of the workbooks, textbooks, loose leaf paper, binders are a LOT to keep track of. Work on a system for managing all of their paperwork that comes home, including a homework folder or binder, and review their assignments with them (referring to your online parent portal if you have one), providing coaching and encouragement.
Remember, they’re still kids. They are learning responsibilities, which means they don’t have them all nailed down yet, and your encouragement and example go a long way. Also, there is no harm in finding extra copies of textbooks on eBay and keeping a copy at home. A child with ADHD can be hard on himself, and having backup textbooks (or parent friends with scanners who can scan in the worksheet) are just a few emergency valves for keeping the focus on what it’s really all about: Learning!

Welcome to Tesloianu » We make difference!
Register now to gain access to all of our features. Once registered and logged in, you will be able to create topics, post replies to existing threads, give reputation to your fellow members, get your own private messenger, post status updates, manage your profile and so much more. If you already have an account, login here - otherwise create an account for free today!
Announcement: Reclama » Cumpara Bunuri Digitale

USA/FILE: Sex abuse victims want Pope Benedict to appear at ICC for crimes against humanity
USA/FILE: Sex abuse victims want Pope Benedict to appear at ICC for crimes against humanity
- Title: USA/FILE: Sex abuse victims want Pope Benedict to appear at ICC for crimes against humanity
- Date: 22nd February 2013
- Summary: NEW YORK, NEW YORK, UNITED STATES (RECENT) (REUTERS) (SOUNDBITE) (English) PAMELA SPEES, SENIOR ATTORNEY IN THE INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS PROGRAM AT THE CENTER FOR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS, SAYING: "In September of 2011 we brought a complaint to the International Criminal Court (ICC), asking the prosecutor of the ICC to investigate and consider prosecuting Joseph Ratzinger and three other high level Vatican officials for their role in essentially the Vatican policy and practice that essentially facilitates the widespread and systematic rape and sexual violence within the Church, as crimes against humanity."
- Embargoed: 9th March 2013 12:00
- Location: Australia, Usa
- Country: USA
- Topics: Religion
- Reuters ID: LVACL0DE644EBFN8T195CH6EVC7J
- Story Text: As Pope Benedict XVI prepares to step down, the Catholic Church abuse scandal remains unresolved and continues to haunt the papacy. U.S. sex abuse victims talk about their hopes that a case will be brought in front of the International Criminal Court.
Twenty-three-year old Megan Petersen has mixed feelings about the imminent resignation of Pope Benedict XVI.
Megan is one of the tens of thousands of people who allege sexual abuse at the hands of Catholic priests across the globe.
As a child, Megan, a devout Catholic, attended church in the diocese of Crookston, Minnesota. Every morning before school she would stop by her local church to pray in the hopes of one day becoming a nun. One morning, in 2004, when she was 14 years old, Megan says everything changed.
"I was walking back to the school one day and he stopped me from across the street and asked me if he could speak to me. I was reading a book. So he came up and was discussing the book."
The man in Megan's story is Father Joseph Pavanivel Jeyapaul, who came from India in 2004 to preach at the Blessed Sacrament Church in Greenbush, Minnesota - a small town near the Canadian border.
"(He) said that he had a book for me in his office so I went to the office with himand he was very aggressive and very violent. I was raped that day by him."
"That continued for I think it was around 10 months."
In 2005, after being accused of sexual misconduct by another girl -- a 16-year-old -- Father Jeyapaul suddenly left Minnesota and returned to India where he said he needed to attend to his ailing mother.
Jeyapaul has yet to return to the United States.
Megan has fought for years to have him extradited and tried in the United States.
"I know at one point they recommended that he would be defrocked but the bishop in India refused that. That's not any serious action, I mean, they did nothing," Megan explained.
Speaking from outside his Indian diocese in Ootacamund in Tamil Nadu, in early April 2010, Jeyapaul professed his innocence.
"It is a false accusation against me. I am not guilty, I am innocent. And I am ready to prove myself."
In March of 2012, after exhaustive attempts by Megan and her legal team to have him defrocked and removed from his new diocese in India where he continued to work at a Catholic school and interact with children, Jeyapaul was arrested by Indian authorities and now remains behind bars until a decision is reached over his extradition.
The growing child sex abuse scandals have cast a shadow over the Catholic Church and also over the pope himself.
Victims groups have said Pope Benedict, particularly in his previous job at the head of the Vatican's doctrinal department, turned a blind eye to the overall policies of local churches, which moved abusers from parish to parish instead of defrocking them and handing them over to authorities.
The Vatican has consistently denied this.
The pope has also apologized for abuse in the Church, has met with abuse victims on many of his trips, and ordered a major investigation into abuse in Ireland.
But groups representing some of the victims say the Pope will leave office with a stain on his legacy because he was in positions of power in the Vatican for more than three decades, first as a cardinal and then as pope, and should have done more.
Mary Caplan, also a victim of abuse, and now a leading member of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP) in New York, says that in her eyes Pope Benedict is ultimately responsible.
"The Church, the hierarchy, is the only institution where someone is accused of rape and phone calls are made and they know they will be protected. Their names will be changed, they'll be sent to other countries, and so you have a raped 16-year-old girl and you have this powerful institution that will protect rapists."
And now Megan, Mary and hundreds of others are seeking legal action at the highest level. They're taking their case to the International Criminal Court (ICC) and are seeking to prosecute those at the very top.
Pamela Spees, one of the senior attorneys in the international human rights program a the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR), is leading the legal charge.
"In September of 2011 we brought a complaint to the International Criminal Court (ICC), asking the prosecutor of the ICC to investigate and consider prosecuting Joseph Ratzinger and three other high level Vatican officials for their role in essentially the Vatican policy and practice that essentially facilitates the widespread and systematic rape and sexual violence within the Church, as crimes against humanity," Spees explains.
But some Vatican officials recently disclosed, under condition of anonymity, that Pope Benedict's decision to live in the Vatican after he resigns would provide him with security and privacy, and would also offer legal protection from any attempt to prosecute him in connection with sexual abuse cases around the world.
In 2010 Benedict was named as a defendant in a law suit alleging that he failed to take action as a cardinal in 1995 when he was allegedly told about a priest who had abused boys at a U.S. school for the deaf decades earlier.
Now a documentary film has been released recounting the tales of four of the boys from that Milwaukee, Wisconsin school.
"Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence in the House of God", released by HBO, tells the story of four deaf boys who were allegedly abused over the course of many years by the same priest.
The lawyers withdrew the case last year and the Vatican said it was a major victory that proved the pope could not be held liable for the actions of abusive priests.
Though there have been repeated calls for Benedict's arrest over sexual abuse within his Church, he is currently not named specifically in any other case.
Spees hopes that with her request for an ICC investigation this may change.
"It's not just inaction. That's the other thing that we have to make very clear. It's not just that they're not doing anything. They're doing plenty. And what they're doing is actually facilitating and enabling the problem. And what I mean by that is, you know, it comes from Rome down, right?You don't have cases where the Vatican, the Pope, comes down hard on a bishop or a cardinal for shielding or sheltering a priest. In fact what some of the evidence we presented to the court shows that bishops and cardinals are often being applauded for their role in protecting priests within their diocese and those who have been caught up in scandal, like Cardinal Law here in the U.S., who had to resign from the Boston archdiocese, is then rewarded with a prime position in Rome," Spees said.
Last month, the former archbishop of Los Angeles, Cardinal Roger Mahony, was stripped by his successor of all public and administrative duties after a thousands of pages of files detailing abuse in the 1980s were made public.
The documents show that Mahony had sent accused abusers out of state to avoid justice.
Mahony, who was archbishop of Los Angeles from 1985 until 2011, has apologized for "mistakes" he made as archbishop, saying he had not been equipped to deal with the problem of sexual misconduct involving children.
In 2007, the Los Angeles archdiocese, which serves four million Catholics, reached a $660 million civil settlement with more than 500 victims of child molestation, the biggest agreement of its kind in the United States.
American and Italian Catholics have called for Mahony not to take part in electing a new pope, saying he would taint the new pontiff with the same scandal that has dogged Benedict.
Sexual abuse cases in the Catholic Church began coming to light in the 1980s and became a major crisis in 2002, when U.S. media began reporting systematic cover-ups for abusive priests.
Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands have grappled with similar scandals after official or Church-led reports exposed abuse in schools and Church organisations.
Boston's Cardinal Bernard Law resigned after scandals were exposed there but was named to a prestigious Church post in Rome.
And on Wednesday (February 21) New York's Cardinal Timothy Dolan was questioned in a legal deposition about cases of alleged sexual abuse by priests while he was the head of the archdiocese of Milwaukee.
Dolan was deposed in New York for three hours by attorneys representing more than 500 people who claim they were sexually abused by clergy at the Milwaukee archdiocese, which Dolan headed from 2002 to 2009.
Dolan will be among the cardinals to take part in the conclave to select Benedict's successor.
- Copyright Holder: REUTERS
- Copyright Notice: (c) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2016. Open For Restrictions - http://about.reuters.com/fulllegal.asp
- Usage Terms/Restrictions: None

CollaGEN by Ortho Molecular Products (Sold Out? Scroll down and save on Private Label)
CollaGEN by Ortho Molecular Products - 30 Servings
CollaGEN is formulated to nutritionally support cartilage, tendon, ligament, fascia and skin.
Protects and Promotes Connective Tissue Biosynthesis
Supports the Body’s Processes of Cartilage, Tendon, Ligament and Fascia Self-Repair
Supports Joint Lubrication, Joint Cushioning, and Normal Connective Tissue Inflammatory Response
Supports Normal Rejuvenation of Healthy Hair, Skin and Nails
Over time lifestyle factors can cause reduced elasticity in cartilage, tendons, ligaments and skin. This not only leads to wrinkles and decreased dermal matrix, but to soft tissue and joint discomfort. FORTIGEL® has been shown in human studies to stimulate collagen regeneration, type II collagen and aggrecan, which all help to maintain healthy connective tissue. Most therapies simply block joint pain and connective tissue discomfort, and in doing so inhibit the regeneration and elongation of specific precursors, such as polysaccharides, and deplete nutrients such as vitamin C and magnesium that maintain joint and connective tissue health. FORTIGEL®, TendoActive® and Mobilee® protect and preserve cartilage, tendons, ligaments, intervertebral discs, and fascia. These patented ingredients support the natural healing process and maintain the structure of connective tissues.
Suggested Use:1 scoop (7.6 grams) in 8 oz of water or the beverage of your choice per day or as recommended by your health care professional. Can also be added to food and baking products.
*These statements have not been evaluated by the United States Food and Drug Administration. HormoneSynergy supplements are not meant to be taken as an alternative to prescription medications recommended by your physician. If you are seeking to replace any pharmaceutical medication with any of our products we recommend that you do so only after consulting your healthcare provider. *You should always speak with your doctor or health care professional before you start, stop, or change any prescribed part of your health care plan or treatment and to determine what course of therapy is right for you. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease. The information provided about this or any HormoneSynergy® nutritional supplement or any information contained on or in any product label or packaging is for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for advice from your own physician or health care professional. You should always consult with a licensed healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem. As with any nutritional supplement do not take if you are pregnant or nursing or while taking medications without consulting your healthcare practitioner.

Horny MILF Devonshire gets her pussy and drill it hard 7:06 hd. Fucking Her Fresh Out The Shower On The Bathroom Floor; Horny Teen Girlfriend Eagerly. Amateur Teen with Small Boobs. Casey Calverty sucks her drivers cock at the car wash! Petite teenage babe stuffed with huge cock after bj.

Our work wouldn’t be possible without the following who not only provide financial support to us but also ongoing advice & support to startups & small businesses in our ecosystem all year.
Please click / tap on the logos below to learn more about each one:
Why sponsor or advertise with us?
If you’re looking to raise the profile of your business or organisation in Newcastle, Gateshead or the wider North East of England, want to launch or promote products or services aimed at startups, micro businesses, SMEs or scaleups, are an investor looking for deal flow, are looking to find talent, want your staff to learn how to be more entrepreneurial or just want to show your support for our work, check out our ‘Advertise with us‘ page.
To discuss Sponsorship please email Paul Lancaster at email@example.com or call 07734722716

Hardwood floors are a common choice of flooring among many homeowners. They typically consist of a natural, durable material that can transform a space into a classic, elegant setting. After all it’s all about lamination!
Over time, those who have hardwood floors installed in their homes may notice some scratches or scuffs and be concerned that it’s time to replace them. Fortunately, a simple refinishing job is often all you need to restore your flooring to its original state.
Home value increases
If you intend to place your property on the market, having high-quality hardwood floors can increase its value. The floors are often visually the first thing potential buyers are likely to notice. Newly refinished hardwood floors can significantly affect the value and appeal of a home when looking to sell.
Less time consuming
Having floors replaced is not only more expensive but also takes longer. On average, it can take anywhere between 3 to 5 days to do a complete replacement successfully. It may be difficult for homeowners to navigate their way through the house during that time due to the work and materials. On the other hand, refinishing can be done in as quickly as two days and is far more adaptable.
While it physically appears terrible, a damaged floor can also be hazardous, especially if small children and pets are in the household. By professionally refinishing the floors, it eliminates any potential dangers associated with damage, such as splintering.

(I wrote this last Saturday, the morning after the missing plane incident–and forgot to hit ‘publish’ after the preview.)
The winds are teasing the sheets on the line under blue skies. I delight in the warmth of this day after long days of cold and gray. I could be so snug and smug in this moment– wrapped in the spring breeze . . .
While I can and do enjoy the gifts around me–here in today, I shudder in the reality that there are somewhere wives, mothers,sisters, grandmothers of those 239 lives aboard the downed Malaysian plane weeping in unbelief. I read the list of the countries representing those together for this final journey, and I cry. Tom and I know and love someone from every country on that list.
Young artists aboard– with dreams. The future now gone.
Can I really live today in thanksgiving and purpose without realizing that all of life is temporary? Yes, yes–the very reason I can live with hope today is understanding the brevity of tomorrow.
Beautiful moments come. I smile. I want to live, really live, every inch of my life span. And that means crying with those that are ribboned in sorrow, knowing that life is indeed a mist that vanishes quickly.
So today this journey, NOW– is painted sad and melancholy. And as I live tomorrow, I pray that even in thankfulness and praise, I will remember . . . I never want to step flippantly into a new morning—neither do I want to go to bed lamenting the day.
I love writing about good times, blessings, lessons from the Word and life, but this journey is lived in reality.
Somehow this morning I longed to see you, to touch you, to know you are safe–. But all I can do is to share this moment.
“O Lord, may your unfailing love rest upon us, even as we put our hope in you. Psalm 33: 22

Our Current Vacancies List
At edata4you, we are very clear about our motive and idea of work. We base everything on the requirement of the client and make sure that they are left satisfied. We will definitely meet your expectations because of our working strategy of close coordination and cooperation. Given below is a list of questions that might arise in you about edata4you. We have answered most of it, making it as informative as we could. Here is frequently asked Questions to give you an insight and better understanding.
Data Entry Operators
We are having an urgent opening for the position of Data Entry Operator Typing speed Should be more than 30 wpm, Candidate should have good knowledge of MS- Office. Qualification: Graduate Only Skills: Ms-Office and Good typing speed Responsibilities: Data Entry/ DTP/ Data Conversion – Operator, Operations/ Process – Associate, Other Back-End/ Data/ Transaction Processing, Backend Executive Computer Operator required with good typing skills Basic Computer knowledge is required by.
We are having an urgent opening for the position of Data Entry Operator Typing speed Should be more than 30 wpm, Candidate should have good knowledge of MS- Office.
Qualification: Graduate Only
Skills: Ms-Office and Good typing speed
Responsibilities: Data Entry/ DTP/ Data Conversion – Operator, Operations/ Process – Associate, Other Back-End/ Data/ Transaction Processing, Backend Executive Computer Operator required with good typing skills Basic Computer knowledge is required by the Candidates who apply.
You will be the API Guru who will establish a powerful API Platform to extend its power within and outside the application in collaboration with a team of creative designers & geeks. You will be responsible for developing scalable, easy to use application exchange store to be used by our strategic partners to communicate and exchange data with our application. Take up challenge to integrate range of third party services like google web services,cloud storage services, social media, ecommerce applications and many more. Responsible for developing communication channel with other software applications and establish seamless data migrations.
Qualification: B.E/B. Tech/MCA
Skills: PHP, SQL and API
• Implement APIs as per the design specification
• Adhere to development best practices defined at all the times
• Perform Agile testing – create and execute test scripts
• Deploy APIs as per the continuous integration guidelines
• Provide estimates for the user stories assigned and complete the development within timelines
• Works self-contained and self-motivated to drive the development of highest standard
• Perform root cause analysis of incidents and problems in collaboration with peers in operations and QA
• Collaborate closely with Architects and DevOps Scrum Members.
Data analysts collect, process and perform statistical analyses of data. Their skills may not be as advanced as data scientists (e.g. they may not be able to create new algorithms), but their goals are the same – to discover how data can be used to answer questions and solve problems.
Data analysts are sometimes called “junior data scientists” or “data scientists in training.” Instead of being free to create their own big data projects, they may be limited to tackling specific business tasks using existing tools, systems and data sets.
Qualification: Graduate or equivalent
Skills: Ms-Office and MIS reports
• Mine data from primary and secondary sources
• Clean and prune data to discard irrelevant information
• Analyze and interpret results using standard statistical tools and techniques
• Pinpoint trends, correlations and patterns in complicated data sets
• Identify new opportunities for process improvement
• Provide concise data reports and clear data visualizations for management
• Design, create and maintain relational databases and data systems
• Triage code problems and data-related issues.
A website content writer or web content writer is a person who specializes in providing relevant content for websites. Every website has a specific target audience and requires a different type and level of content. Content should contain words (key words) that attract and retain users on a website.
Most story pieces are centered on marketing products or services that the website is selling or endorsing, though this is not always the case. Some websites are informational only and do not sell a product or service. In those instances, the content should be geared toward helping to educate the reader while providing them with complex information in a way that is easy to understand and retain.
Qualification: Graduate or equivalant
Skills: Good typing speed and searching knowledge
• Writing web content for websites / portals from scratch.
• Editing and Proof reading content once written.
• Writing, editing and proof reading copy for client projects based on the material supplied by them.
• Writing product descriptions, brand support material etc.
• Proof reading, editing and writing content on a regular basis for building up the website including informative short articles.
• Check web pages finally before making them live.
• Writing content for online magazines etc such as ezines.
Proven software development experience in PHP, MySQL / PostgreSQL, jQuery, AngularJS, MVC Framework. Must have good understandig of HTML / CSS / XML / JSON. Good Understanding of any of these Frameworks: LARAVEL, CAKE PHP or Yii. Basic understanding of Magento or any other eCommerce platform will be an additional advantage.
Good knowledge of relational databases, version control tools and of developing web services. Creative thinking and willing to try new approaches and create fresh concepts.
Qualification: Graduate Only
• Write “clean”, well designed code
• Produce detailed specifications
• Troubleshoot, test and maintain the core product software and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality
• Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle
• Follow industry best practices
• Develop and deploy new features to facilitate related procedures and tools if necessary.

News is starting to come out in regards to the unused Dirty Dancing cash. ($4m). It looks like NBC will not be shooting the pilot, The Wilding (Tim Kring) in North Carolina though through no fault of their own. NBC was among 16 other productions who applied for the unused portion of the previous grant money. I’ve been unofficially told they were turned down. The supernatural drama’s storyline is based in Durham, NC. A perfect match, wouldn’t you think?
From what I’ve been hearing, NBC is very disappointed in this decision as they have already invested in this state with the previous show Surface (Season 1) and the pilot they shot in early 2014, Red Zone. They are repeat customers who have spent more than $50M in North Carolina.
NBC will sadly be taking the pilot to Vancouver.
As stated before in my earlier blog, this is an NBC production shooting for the USA Network. And you know how USA operates. If they see a show doing well, they will order multiple seasons! Just look at Burn Notice and White Collar.
This project would have used the statewide crew base and these are exactly the type of productions that the legislators wanted: long term productions that showcase the state. So, this is quite baffling. I don’t know all specifics, so I can’t say much at the moment.
It is safe to say however if the state budget was not 7 weeks overdue and the NC Film Grant was replenished, The Wilding would have called Wilmywood their home.
The pilot would have created 135 jobs and used 80 businesses across North Carolina.
As for the series, they don’t have to stay in Vancouver, they could shoot it anywhere. Let’s hope it will be here (trying to be optimistic).
Official details should be coming out within the next 7 days which productions applied and which were awarded the grant. I’ll keep you posted.
NOTE FOR NBC – IF YOU ARE READING THIS, PLEASE NOTE: WE DEFINITELY WANT YOU HERE!
MOST POPULAR BLOGS THIS WEEK
Are these projects coming to North Carolina?
VIDEO: Under the Dome tours come to an end at EUE/Screen Gems Studios
Under the Dome Vacates Wilmywood: More details
Under the Dome’s Mackenzie Lintz’s emotional goodbye to Wilmington

A smart home without any limitations: discover how HomePod mini, Eve and Thread bring your smart home to the next level.
Routers, endpoints, nodes, partitions – this article is somewhat of a more technical description of Thread, the future-proof smart home networking technology that enables a new generation in your HomeKit-enabled smart home.
Make the most of Thread
First, if you haven't already installed the Eve app, you may want do so now. We recently added a feature conveniently named "Thread Network" in the Settings section, which can survey your home's Thread network setup and display a whole slew of information: Which accessories are connected to which other accessories? How is the network laid out? What connection quality does each Router have?
Surveying your Thread network works best when you have at least one Eve accessory that can act as a Router (more on that later) and when your iPhone or iPad is on the same local network as your HomePod mini.
We are actively working on improving the Thread Network view with each new release of the Eve app, and after reading this post, you will certainly be able to understand better what that is all about. And while these are just first steps in that direction, the Eve app delivers still much more than any other tool out there due to the capabilities and integration of the state-of-the-art Eve accessories.
Our goal here is to help you build smarter homes and make your daily life a little bit more convenient. Of course all while preserving your privacy, which continues to be one of our key pillars for everything we design and produce – absolutely no information about your network ever leaves your local devices.
How did we get here?
Before digging into what Thread is, let us briefly explore the history of the topic. The two original, native connectivity options for HomeKit-enabled accessories are Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Low Energy.
Both technologies have tradeoffs: While Wi-Fi usually offers a greater range and quicker response times, these advantages go hand in hand with a very high energy demand, making it unsuitable for battery-powered devices and a bad choice even for mains-powered accessories that would waste a significant amount of energy by using this technology. And as the number of Wi-Fi devices increases in a home, some internet routers are starting to struggle with so many devices or may even run out of allocated IP address range for the home network. In contrast, Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) is completely decoupled from the home network strain and highly energy efficient. Yet due to the protocol's constraints, Bluetooth connectivity is less responsive in larger setups and usually delivers a smaller range due to the low energy footprint.
Focusing exclusively on HomeKit-enabled accessories using native connectivity options, Eve naturally embraced both options, carefully choosing the appropriate technology for each accessory's use case. To mitigate some of the disadvantages of Bluetooth connectivity, Eve Extend was introduced to combine the advantages of both technologies for more demanding setups.
There is definitely awareness for all of these technological challenges across the industry, which sparked the development and broad support for Thread as the next-generation networking platform tailored to be used in the smart home, including Apple's strong commitment and inclusion as a pillar of HomeKit-enabled accessories.
Join us in being an early adopter
Why is Eve a first-mover on Thread you may ask? We are thrilled about all the advantages it has to offer. First, it is a peer-to-peer mesh network, which means the devices do not need a direct connection to a central hub to communicate with each other. Second, it is designed to be a self-maintaining and self-healing network, so even if some devices come and go, the connection will still be kept alive and the network will automatically reconfigure itself as needed. Third, it is designed from the ground up with the smart home in mind, which means a special focus is made on the battery life and power consumption for the devices that do not have a permanent power supply.
With Eve Door & Window, we are the first company to get a battery-powered HomeKit over Thread accessory in the hands of everyone. And this is just the beginning: we are in the process of updating our portfolio of Bluetooth-enabled accessories to include Thread connectivity in each product's new generation. So naturally, we've gathered a lot of knowledge around Thread, which we are eager to share. Enough introductory words, let's dive in!
Thread networking deep-dive
As stated earlier, Thread is a mesh network. Which means, the devices on the network can talk to each other independently of some bridge or central hub. Even more so, they can relay messages to other devices by passing them through so they reach some device otherwise inaccessible due to the range, walls, or other factors. And the network can organize itself independently if some devices disconnect from the network.
The Thread network consists of two types of roles: Routers and Endpoints. And this role is not fixed – if a device is capable of routing, it can be either, depending on the current network situation and demands. Each device on a Thread network is called a node.
Let us dig deeper. Router nodes are meant to route information packets around the network. A Router node may have some Endpoints, too – the Router is considered a Parent. Mains-powered Thread accessories that are always on, such as Eve Energy, can act as Routers within your Thread network and relay data packets.
Endpoint nodes (also known as End Devices or Children) are the ones that are attached to a particular Router node and are not participating in the packet routing, but they still can send and receive. A Router-capable device can act as an Endpoint, but the devices that are meant to be Endpoint-only (also called Minimal Thread Devices), such as battery powered ones, cannot be a Router.
Each Router node has a connection to every other Router node; each Endpoint node only maintains a connection to its parent Router node.
The Thread network also has a so-called Leader node, which is responsible for promoting other capable Endpoint nodes to Router nodes and back. This is not something built-in, static or even especially important – any Router node is capable of being a Leader and these get elected in a somewhat random manner based on the current network conditions.
There is also a separate entity which is essential for Thread: A so-called Border Router. This is a Thread Router node that is also connected to your home network and that knows how to route information packets between the Thread network and the rest of your local network. Without the Border Router, your home accessories will not form a Thread network because they'd be unable to communicate with other devices outside of your Thread network, such as your iPhone. Instead, they will revert to their default Bluetooth connection (yes, all Thread-enabled accessories have dual connectivity – Thread and Bluetooth). Currently, the one and only Border Router for HomeKit over Thread is HomePod mini.
Joining the network
When a Thread-capable accessory is powered on after its setup, it will quickly check whether there is a Thread network available. If it is, the accessory will join the network with the valid network identifier and credentials provided by the Border Router. Upon joining, any Thread device becomes an Endpoint of one of the existing Routers. If it is capable of being the Router itself (in Thread terminology, this is called a Full Thread Device), it may be told by the Leader Node to upgrade itself to a Router, depending on the number of Router nodes already present in the network. If less than 16 Routers are in the network, the device will be designated as a Router. If there are already 16 Routers in the network, Thread will automatically optimize all roles for optimal coverage. A maximum of 32 Routers will ultimately form the Thread mesh network.
If the accessory is not capable of routing, it remains being an Endpoint. Still, it may change the Router node it connects to (its Parent) later, based on the connection quality that is being surveyed automatically across the Thread network.
For Endpoint nodes, there is also a distinction in form of so-called Sleep Interval. Each Endpoint, depending on its physical characteristics, may be a Sleepy Endpoint or a Regular Endpoint. The idea is simple: if an accessory must by design conserve energy, it may choose to sleep for certain amount of time and then ask its Router whether there is anything of interest (similar to you having to click on the "Check Mail" button back in the days when it was not automatic). For example, Eve Door & Window has a sleep interval set to 5000 milliseconds, which means it wakes itself up every 5 seconds and asks whether there is something new for it to digest. Of course, it can wake up more often to transmit something important from its side – for example, when the door is opened. This sleep mechanism significantly helps preserving battery life.
What happens if you have a large house and there are problems with some accessories being unable to hold a reliable connection? If you have more than one Border Router-capable device (or, in other words, more than one HomePod mini), they may form two independent Thread networks that would still be technically cover your single home. Such independent networks are called Partitions. If the connectivity gets better, the disjointed Partitions will re-unite again and form a single network Partition, with all but one Border Routers stepping down to a regular node role.
Grow your network
What about the number of devices that any single Thread network Partition can handle? It will always have one Leader node, and up to 32 Router nodes. Each Router node may have up to 511 Endpoints. So, as you can see, the total capacity of the network is quite huge and should cover most modern use cases.
With all this knowledge in mind, we hope you enjoy building your Thread network and watching it grow. In the Eve app, head to "Thread Network" in the Settings section to get a look behind the curtain of your Thread network and all the different roles and connections of your Thread-enabled accessories.
We'll be adding more explainers, guides as well as articles on Eve app updates that deliver new or improved Thread functionality. The Eve Blog is the go-to place for information on HomeKit over Thread, so stay tuned!
Whether you connect to your HomeKit accessories via Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or Thread, your connected home is simply incomplete without a home hub – an Apple TV, HomePod or HomePod mini. Your home hub gives you both secure access to your accessories while you’re on the go and enables you to set up automations.
Home is your most private space. The only place where you can do as you please, on your terms. However, if you live in a smart home, you will also produce loads of data that others will be only too keen to get their hands on. That’s why we...

As if there weren’t enough issues to mobilize voters on both sides in the upcoming election, Thursday’s news brought two more.
For Republicans, a vast caravan of Central Americans, up to 4,000 strong, is heading northward with the intention of crossing the US border illegally. President Trump is threatening to send the military and close the border if Mexico doesn’t stop the caravan. Trump says this is the result of Democrats stonewalling (ironically) all his efforts to impose control on America’s borders, and their intention to impose open borders, abolish ICE and repeal immigration laws if they are elected.
On the other side, Indiana petitioned the Supreme Court to hear an appeal of a ruling that struck down the state’s limits on abortion as unconstitutional. The law, signed by then-Gov. Mike Pence in 2012, banned selective abortions based on sex, race or ability of the unborn child. Democrats who were willing to do anything – and when they said “anything,” they meant ANYTHING – to stop Brett Kavanaugh from being confirmed out of fear that he would support the weakening of Roe v. Wade and abortion supporters will certainly be trumpeting this story to scare their voters to the polls.
So the choice is clear: if you want the borders to be secure and existing immigration laws passed by bipartisan Congressional votes to be enforced, vote Republican. If you want to allow the unfettered killing of children in the womb because of their race, gender or disability, vote Democrat.
Wow, when you put it that way, the choice really IS clear!
LEAVE A COMMENT BY CLICKING HERE. I READ THEM.

Discover what lies ahead
Become whom you were created to be...
You are here for a reason!
You were created with a purpose!
Unfortunately, this world is set against you stepping into that truth. The wounds of your past and the noise of daily life keep us from hearing the pursuit of Love.
“We can ignore even pleasure. But pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts in our pains: it is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.” C. S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain
Counseling, whether individual or marriage, is a professional relationship. At Shamá Collective, our experienced guides are prepared to offer you a safe place to work out your story, journey through your wounds, and find the road toward living wholeheartedly.
The therapeutic relationship requires a good fit personally; We strive to meet all clients where they're at and walk with them in their stories. We attempt to facilitate the needs of different clients through the diversity of our experienced guides. Each one of us has unique gifts, talents, treatment styles, and personalities. We don't take lightly the journey you desire to take on because each of us has had to face our own stories. We are honored to be invited into yours.
So take some time and read through our bios. Reach out, connect with us, and find the best fit for you and your journey. We are here to help.

Washington, DC…The following is from the White House on guest for tomorrow night…Here are the special guests who will join the President and First Lady at the U.S. Capitol when President Donald J. Trump delivers the second State of the Union Address of his presidency. This year’s guests come from all different walks of life, and each has an incredible story to tell. No matter their background, each one has something important in common: They represent the very best of America. Meet the special people who will join the First Lady and President Trump:
Debra Bissell, Heather Armstrong, and Madison Armstrong
Gerald and Sharon David of Reno, Nevada, were tragically murdered in their home in Nevada by an illegal immigrant in January 2019. The terrible loss has devastated both their community and three generations of their family who will be represented at the State of the Union: the Davids’ daughter Debra, granddaughter Heather, and great-granddaughter Madison.
Matthew Charles’s life is a story of redemption. In 1996, he was sentenced to 35 years in prison for selling crack cocaine and other related offenses. While in prison, Matthew found God, completed more than 30 bible studies, became a law clerk, taught GED classes, and mentored fellow inmates. On January 3, 2019, Matthew was the first prisoner released as a result of the First Step Act.
Everyone who knows Grace would tell you that she has always been special. Wherever she goes, she brightens the room with her kind heart and infectious smile. At an early age, she decided that she wanted to forgo gifts at her birthday parties, and instead ask for charity donations. At 9 years old, Grace was diagnosed with Germinoma, a germ-cell brain tumor, and in May 2018, Grace started cancer treatment. Throughout the rest of the year, Grace stayed positive and strong, making the rounds in the hospital, cheering up other patients, and always having a smile for the many caring medical professionals who treated her. Grace recently finished chemotherapy and today shows no evidence of the disease. She is determined to help other children who are fighting cancer.
Ashley Evans has struggled with opioid and substance abuse for much of her life. In 2017, she was pregnant and suffered a relapse. Her recovery began with the birth of her daughter along with the help of Brigid’s Path, a medical care facility in Kettering, Ohio. Ashley has persevered and overcome many obstacles to maintain her sobriety. She is passionate about sharing her story of hope. On February 9, 2019, Ashley will celebrate 1 year and 1 month in recovery and on February 15, 2019, she will be reunited with her daughter full-time.
Elvin Hernandez is a Special Agent with the Trafficking in Persons Unit of the Department of Homeland Security’s Homeland Security Investigations division. He has more than 18 years of Federal law enforcement experience investigating narcotics, gangs, and human trafficking. During his current 7-year assignment, Elvin has conducted numerous successful international human trafficking investigations involving transnational organized crime groups.
Roy James is the Plant Manager of the Vicksburg Forest Products lumber facility. He had worked at the sawmill for 26 years and become Vice President of Operations when he was told that the facility would close its doors. Thankfully, last year, Vicksburg was designated an Opportunity Zone through provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The plant soon reopened and Roy was hired to oversee the entire facility.
Timothy Matson joined the Pittsburgh Police Department in 2005 and made the SWAT team in 2016. As a key member of the SWAT team, he would breach the entrance during raids, a very dangerous task. In October 2018, Tim responded to the mass shooting at the Tree of Life Synagogue. He suffered multiple gunshot wounds and saved countless lives in that heinous, anti-Semitic attack.
Judah Samet is a member of the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. In October 2018, he survived the horrific shooting that killed 11 members of his community. Judah is also a survivor of the Holocaust. Judah immigrated to Israel after the war and was present for the declaration of the Israeli State in 1948. He served as a paratrooper and radio man in the Israeli Defense Forces and moved to the United States in the 1960s.
Joshua Trump is a 6th grade student in Wilmington, Delaware. He appreciates science, art, and history. He also loves animals and hopes to pursue a related career in the future. His hero and best friend is his Uncle Cody, who serves in the United States Air Force. Unfortunately, Joshua has been bullied in school due to his last name. He is thankful to the First Lady and the Trump family for their support.
Tom Wibberley is the father of Navy Seaman Craig Wibberley, a Seaman killed on the U.S.S. Cole. Craig grew up in Williamsport, Maryland, and enjoyed fly fishing, snow skiing, and working with his father on old Corvettes. He had a passion for computer science and decided to join the Navy to serve his country and pursue an opportunity to further his training in computers. Craig served aboard the U.S.S. Cole with distinction and was accepted to the Navy Information Technician School. His commander planned to recommend him for Officer Candidate School. However, on October 12, 2000, Craig and 16 fellow members of the crew were killed in a terrorist attack. Craig was only 19. After Craig’s death, a scholarship fund was created that gives out four $1,000 scholarships each year to students studying computer science.
President Trump granted Alice Johnson clemency on June 6, 2018. Alice had been serving a mandatory life sentence without parole for charges associated with a nonviolent drug case. During her nearly 22 years of incarceration, Alice accomplished what has been called an “extraordinary rehabilitation.” After her release, she was overjoyed to be reunited with her family. She has now dedicated her life to helping those who are in a similar position as she was and giving a voice to the criminal justice reform movement.

…in the ministry.”
The sentence starts out making complete sense, and then throws me for a loop. And yet, it also rings very true.
We often hear that standing for Christ in this world will be difficult, but my automatic assumption is that it should for some reason be different in ministry. There, we think, there is where it will always be safe to stand for Christ.
J. Gresham Machen graciously disabuses us of this false assumption, and warns students/pastors in his own day of what they ought to expect if they stand fast for confessional Christianity. R. Scott Clark posts at the Heidelblog a selection from Machen’s 1929
articlesermon “The Good Fight of Faith.” This was Machen’s farewell sermon at Princeton, after the conservatives had lost the fight for the seminary, and just before Machen would organize Westminster that fall. I thought about simply quoting and linking to it, but I appreciated and resonated with it so much I had to say a few things first.
Machen clearly has been reading a lot of new pastor’s diaries when he makes the following astute observations:
- People will attack your ministry using the most pious platitudes.
“Let’s focus on Jesus and not dead doctrine.” “What about the experience of Christ in my heart?” “It doesn’t matter how much you know, it matters what you do/how much you care.” “Christianity isn’t preaching/ministry/truth, it is all about relationships.” All of those statements are heard on a daily basis to denigrate Word and Sacrament ministry, and yet Machen anticipates all of them by more than 80 years.
- Tolerance was getting fuzzy even in the ’20s.
It all depends on what you mean by tolerance as to whether it is a good thing or not. And Machen hits the nail on the head when he calls for honesty and integrity: “the Christian religion is intolerant to the core.”
- Only sovereign grace will keep you from a compromised ministry.
I assumed the challenge of ministry was to keep from sin and to clearly proclaim saving truth. That is true, but the Enemy has a thousand ways to compromise your ministry. Machen puts it eloquently: “All men will speak well of you if, after preaching no matter how unpopular a Gospel on Sunday, you will only vote against that Gospel in the councils of the church the next day…” Sermons and services and letters are fine, but don’t you dare follow through.
- (Machen seems to have been a surprisingly good preacher! Reading his sermon introduction struck as me a more relevant, engaging intro than many expositors give in their sermons today!)
I so appreciated hearing Machen speak to what ails us today. Read the whole quote, and pray for Christ’s Church and her ministers!
You will have a battle, too, when you go forth as ministers into the church. The church is now in a period of deadly conflict. The redemptive religion known as Christianity is contending, in our own Presbyterian Church and in all the larger churches in the world, against a totally alien type of religion. As always, the enemy conceals his most dangerous assaults under pious phrases and half truths. The shibboleths of the adversary have sometimes a very deceptive sound. “Let us propagate Christianity,” the adversary says, “but let us not always be engaged in arguing in defense of it; let us make our preaching positive, and not negative; let us avoid controversy; let us hold to a Person and not to dogma; let us sink small doctrinal differences and seek the unity of the church of Christ; let us drop doctrinal accretions and interpret Christ for ourselves; let us look for our knowledge of Christ in our hearts; let us not impose Western creeds on the Eastern mind; let us be tolerant of opposing views.” Such are some of the shibboleths of that agnostic Modernism which is the deadliest enemy of the Christian religion to-day. They deceive some of God’s people some of the time; they are heard sometimes from the lips of good Christian people, who have not the slightest inkling of what they mean. But their true meaning, to thinking men, is becoming increasingly clear. Increasingly it is becoming necessary for a man to decide whether he is going to stand or not to stand for the Lord Jesus Christ as he is presented to us in the Word of God.
If you decide to stand for Christ, you will not have an easy life in the ministry. Of course, you may try to evade the conflict. All men will speak well of you if, after preaching no matter how unpopular a Gospel on Sunday, you will only vote against that Gospel in the councils of the church the next day
(If you want to read the whole sermon, the online, unedited text is kept at the PCA Historical Center here.)

Updates to the ADLS Agreement – important for buyers and sellers
On 8 February 2022 the Auckland District Law Society (ADLS) released an updated version of the Agreement for Sale and Purchase of Real Estate. This is the most- used agreement when buying or selling property. The new version incorporates several changes that are important for people buying and selling property, along with some superficial amendments to accommodate the nuts and bolts for lawyers handling the transaction.
The process for claiming compensation for a breach of the contract by one party or for a defect in the property has been clarified in clauses 10 and 11 of the agreement. One fundamental difference is that the new agreement limits parties to only one claim for compensation under clause 10. A party might use this clause to claim compensation for services in the property that don’t work or for loss suffered by that party as a result of a misrepresentation by the other party or their real estate agent. Despite parties being limited to one claim, the claim can include more than one element set out in clause 10.2 so vendors and purchasers can still be fully compensated where multiple breaches occur.
Another change to note is where parties are transferring residential property for a purchase price exceeding $7.5 million or commercial property for a purchase price of more than $1 million. In each of these two situations, for tax purposes, parties will need to agree on the value of land and buildings that make up the purchase price as well as the value of any other assets, fixtures, fittings or chattels sold with the property. These should be included as an addendum to the agreement.
Getting legal advice regarding the full terms and conditions of the agreement is always essential, particularly in light of these changes to the ADLS agreement. If you’re buying and/or selling property, talking with us early on should be your first step.
Building in the Covid landscape
The steady rise of house prices in recent years has prompted many people to consider building a house as a much more viable and affordable option than it has been in the past. Covid and its pervasive disruption of everyday life, however, has brought up a range of new issues that prospective home builders should be aware of before considering a build.
Fixed-price contracts have become a thing of the past with builders now being unable to guarantee the price of materials due to their scarcity and long delivery times. Buyers should look out for clauses in building contracts that allow the builder to increase the price where materials, labour or services become more expensive than at the time the contract was signed.
Similarly, due to the difficulty builders have getting materials and labour, completion dates are often much further out than people have come to expect. Like the price escalation-type clauses referred to above, builders will often now include an ability to extend the contract completion date due to delays in obtaining materials or labour to complete the build in the time prescribed in the contract.
With these issues in mind, it is important that you get advice regarding your building contract before you sign it. Make sure you have a good handle on your budget and there is room for a potential increase in the contract price.
Harsh CCCFA provisions relaxed
The amendments to the Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 2003 (CCCFA) that were introduced on 1 December 2021 have resulted in many borrowers struggling to gain lending approval for a property purchase.
The amendments include regulations requiring lenders to look more closely at the affordability of loans for lending applicants and the suitability of particular loan structures based on the financial position of their customers. This has prompted banks to delve into applicants’ spending habits and has resulted in an increase in rejected applications.
Other restrictions imposed on lenders include regulating the way banks and other lenders can advertise their products. Lenders are required to adhere to minimum standards that require lending advertisements to be clear to customers and not confusing. This places a higher threshold on lenders than the requirements not to mislead or deceive customers as required under the Fair Trading Act 1986.
Finally, greater restrictions have been placed on low equity lending meaning that banks are more limited in approving applications from borrowers with less than a 20% deposit.
The effect of these legislative changes has been detrimental to the ability of first home buyers to obtain lending to enter the property market; mortgage and business advisors have openly opposed or criticised these changes since their introduction.
This opposition, combined with the perhaps unintended difficulties that the changes have created for first home buyers, has prompted the government to review the changes on the basis that lenders’ enquiries under the legislation were too intrusive for customers.
The proposed amendments will no longer require lenders to take a deep dive into the spending habits of potential borrowers in order to assess future spending for applicants. A more comprehensive list of the changes to ease the December amendments can be read here.
Despite the challenges caused by the December amendments to the CCCFA, it appears that they are only temporary and that following the finalisation and enactment of the proposed easing measures, potential borrowers will be able to proceed without the invasive or unreasonable inquest that many have recently experienced.

We all want to feel loved and appreciated; but what happens when someone falls short of that mark. How do they make it right in your eyes? How are you expecting them to express to you that they are sorry? All life relationships come with there ups and downs. So why not have a cheat code on how to properly apologized to those we hurt. Like all things, this may not work for everyone, but it does give us a great foundation on where to start. Let's dive into the 5 Languages of Apology and change the way we express how sorry we are the ones who matter the most.

Following a review of international research on the health effects of wind turbine noise, the Department of Health’s deputy chief medical officer concluded that wind turbines are not a threat to public health, but “there is a consistent cluster of symptoms related to wind turbine syndrome which occurs in a number of people in the vicinity of industrial wind turbines”.
A letter seen by the Irish Examiner reveals how, in her review sent to the Department of the Environment last November, she said “there are specific risk factors for this syndrome and people with these risk factors experience symptoms. These people must be treated appropriately and sensitively as these symptoms can be very debilitating”.
Experts differ on whether “wind turbine syndrome” really exists or whether it is a psychological response to unhappiness caused by not wanting to live near a windfarm.
Following the deputy CMO’s review, the Department of Health’s Food and Environmental Health Unit wrote to the Department of the Environment suggesting that they consider hiring experts to further examine the health effects of wind turbine syndrome .
However, the Department of the Environment is now dismissing the deputy CMO’s literature review as only “a preliminary literature review and not a recommendation of the Department of Health”.
The Department of Environment is currently conducting a review of the 2006 Wind Energy Development Guidelines.
Meanwhile, the Department of Health has said the deputy CMO’s comments “did not constitute expert advice” but were “a general overview of the literature in this area”.
The department confirmed that a “range of symptoms have been described by people living close to wind turbines mainly related to general environmental noise exposure”.
“These symptoms include headache, irritability, difficulty concentrating, fatigue, dizziness, anxiety and sleep disturbance, and are often described in relation to annoyance,” a spokesman said.
“Anyone who experiences such symptoms should seek medical advice from their family doctor, who may be able to prescribe suitable medication”.

GAINESVILLE, Ga. (AP) — Officials in Georgia are talking about the possibility of creating a bike trail where the former Gainesville and Northwest Railroad connected Gainesville and Helen.
The planning director for the Georgia Mountains Regional Commission, Adam Hazell, told the Gainesville Times (http://bit.ly/11wE1Ad ) that turning parts of the 37-mile route into biking and pedestrian trials would support the area's tourism and outdoor recreation.
Officials point to Georgia's Silver Comet Trial as an example of a successful rails-to-trails project. It covers more than 61 miles in Cobb, Paulding and Polk counties.
The president of the Clermont Historical Society, Sandra Cantrell, says the big challenge for the Gainesville-to-Helen route is that some of it goes through private property.

You have no items in your
Designed to always take centre stage, this Monaco Rectangular Coffee Table is sophisticated, elegant and wonderfully practical.
Adding warmth and depth to any space, this coffee table is finished with a high gloss velvet birch and boasts clean simple lines that work effortlessly with the style of the table. Providing plenty of storage space on its upper and lower level, this coffee table will blend effortlessly into any modern setting.
Width: 120cm Depth: 60cm Height: 34cm

Methods to pick high-quality professional essays
Our service exists to offer you an opportunity to purchase fast, the top along with the least expensive professional essays and academic essay writing.
Besides, we might help with applying for a scholarship for getting into the university that you simply dream about.
You might apply for MBA, medical school, law college, become a student at business faculty or your passion is financial: all you need is really a great essay or admission letter.
Very likely you’ve got already recognized that colleges’ administration read lots of applications per day.
So your objective is producing the stand-out writing.
You realize, top rated students make an incredible competitors now and also you will need to excel among others.
And it can be the masterpiece to create the superb application.
An application which can open your character within a complete extent of the energy.
College administration will have to recognize what student they accept.
You may differ by several decent qualities but our writers will have to show all of your optimum sides.
The most beneficial professional writing service
Our staff will help you to discover instant the best-written paper for you personally without going out.
It is easy to do all actions online.
Our company offers lots of custom essays for sale which may be the preferred resolve for your education.
We are the most popular and high-quality online service.
Pitfalls in writing academic research papers
Maybe you are a student and your teacher asked you about preparing ideal, interesting and professional coursework or about writing academic research papers.
Actually, the coursework is often a really difficult process for most students.
This work needs specific knowledge from the students and most of all to be patient and persistent.
We understand how difficult could be writing great academic papers when all your friends possess a fun rest.
Just trust this activity to our professional writers.
Our college academic writers are with an academic level in MBA and Ph.D. on the specific field of knowledge.
They work properly in any region of writing.
All you will need should be to fill the personal form with the information given in.
Then relax. Now we work.
Be confident, our writers will immediately start writing great academic papers for you personally.
We propose our clients these services:
- Professional essays
- Admission essays for MBA, colleges, high schools, and universities,
- Custom dissertation writing
- Case studies
- PowerPoint for presentations
We symbolize you a qualified team of skilled college academic writers.
They may be professionals in an ideal variety of many different sections like promotional, legislation, corporation company, financial too because the like.
Our workforce can “be in your shoes” to generate probably the most best suited career for yourself.
Try our college essays for sale
The primary objective of our working is providing just about every client custom written essays for sale.
What do you get? You are likely to obtain the personal custom essays for sale to obtain a nice cost as well as a satisfied mood as a bonus.
You don’t have to sit long nights attempting to do your most desirable.
Or we suppose you don’t have free of charge time to do your job.
We understand that you simply can possess a busy schedule.
Also, you can possibly have a significantly less of experience in writing.
In addition to, the particular area of expertise could possibly make some challenges for you personally personally.
We are right here for you to complete our function. Work which we appreciate and may do.
Needless to say that many people are decent in oratory but in relation to writing they are powerless.
We’re various and have unique talents or possibilities and we understand that a lot of people might possibly maybe be outstanding in various areas.
That is certainly why some students are extremely thriving with their essay writing and it seriously is wouldn’t result in any challenges for them.
Although this, some people do not understand how to begin.
We advise you to invest your totally free time inside the way you like.
Don’t drop your time on not essential points or some things you hate.
Our service is an tremendously convenient and legit way.
All you may require might be to pay a visit to our webpage and to create several simple methods.
We provide you with you to buy narrative essay
Practically undoubtedly you have been in some helpless predicament.
When you come about to be drinking a sizable amount of coffee but it doesn’t help to create a proper essay, academic research paper, book assessment or dissertation.
And after that considering as “Oh God, how can I do every thing on time?” It really is truly ok.
In all probability you commence considering “Oh my Goodness, why I have no time to finish this task” and you don’t want it – just buy a narrative essay from us.
It really is doable to study at economic or health-related school.
You could possibly require to have a rapid and skilled outcome.
You are able to get professional narrative essay over the internet.
There is nothing not possible for us. So all you’ll need to buy narrative essays online its inform us about it.
Besides, we totally fully grasp that quite a bit of students try and save their dollars on some purchases.
We present you to buy narrative essays online with handful of outstanding discounts like a premium discount for every single individual or college essays for sale, cheap essays for sale, and private written essays for sale.
You’re capable to choose just about every form of writing for your self.
We perform legally for a lot of years.
All our clientele have a fine critique about our function.
You are able to get all testimonials on our website.
We assure you in our reliability.
Within this circumstance, hired writer is your preferred friend.
Such a hired author could possibly perform promptly and difficult, additional complex than you.
He could possibly have additional knowledge and skills in chosen field.
But still, we all will get a price in this game.
You might have a perfect paper; we will possess a happy client.
We’re waiting for an chance to obtain to understand you.
And we’re confident it will be the highest quality start of our partnership with each other to get a extended period.
Be totally free in selecting the incredibly optimum writing service, therefore it might be the decent commence for your future.
You by no means know till you try.
Welcome to our webpage, exactly where we make professional essays and read all required knowledge for you.

2000s icon Jessica Simpson is continuing on her weight loss journey, after announcing this year that she has lost 100lbs for a third time.
Jessica’s weight has been up and down over the years, typically after a pregnancy. She’s even been as heavy as 300 pounds. Now Media Take Out is hearing though that Jessica is now a little more than 100 pounds.
On Friday, the singer displayed her trim waist as she told fans she was dressed to ‘approve denim’ at a meeting with her fashion brand, which she recently attempted to buy back with her own cold hard cash.
‘Denim Approval Meeting Attire,’ the 41-year-old captioned the photo to her 5.9 million followers, with her hand perched on her hip, and her hair styled similar to Farrah Fawcett from Charlie’s Angles.
This what she used to look like
Jessica Simpson became famous for her marriage to Nick Lachey, with whom she appeared on the MTV reality television series, the Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica between 2003 and 2005. Following the release of her first Christmas album ReJoyce: The Christmas Album (2004), which was certified gold, Simpson made her film debut as Daisy Duke in The Dukes of Hazzard (2005), for which she recorded a cover of “These Boots Are Made for Walkin'” for the film’s soundtrack. In 2006, she released her fifth studio album A Public Affair and appeared in the romantic comedy film Employee of the Month. With the release of her sixth studio album Do You Know (2008), Simpson moved into the country music genre.
Aside from her musical pursuits, Simpson launched The Jessica Simpson Collection in 2005, a fashion line of clothing and other items. The brand has gone on to earn over $1 billion in revenue. She also starred on the reality television series The Price of Beauty in 2010, was a judge on two seasons of Fashion Star between 2012 and 2013, and published a memoir in 2020, Open Book, which reached number one on The New York Times Best Seller list selling over 59,000 copies in its first week. Simpson is married to Eric Johnson, with whom she has three children.

Author: Tracy Korn
Get it here!
The action of Hunger Games, the scope of Maze Runner, and the heart of Divergent, all under one ocean!
★★★★★ “This was a book I couldn’t put down, and when I did, I thought about it until I picked it back up.”
Hold your breath…
The future is three miles underwater, and Jazwyn Ripley’s time has come.
Earth’s atmosphere will only support a few more generations, and most of advanced society has already relocated to the sea. To survive, only one option remains for the Topsiders—get into Gaia Sur, the elite academy on the ocean floor.
But after Jazwyn Ripley trains a lifetime for the chance, something is wrong in the interviews. Her evaluation isn’t like those of her soul-rattled classmates, and now, Arco Hart is desperate to protect her from something he won’t talk about.
Cryptic messages coming from the earth’s core.
A charming, but infamous rival who knows why.
Everything is telling her to walk away, but for the struggling class at the bottom, there’s nowhere to go but down.
The road to everything the cadets ever wanted turns out to lead somewhere they never intended to go, and one decision will change the course of their lives for good: Continue on the scripted path, or chase something deeper?
✔ Adrenaline rush action.
✔ Heart-stopping romance.
Dive into the first book of The Elements series and be swept away!
NOTE: While not hard sci-fi, this series incorporates technology and explains how it works (go, girls in STEM!), so please be aware before downloading. If you don’t like science, this series may not be for you.

Have you heard of Todd Herman before?
When Matt Clark introduced us at the ASM Live event, I had no idea who he was.
It turned out that he is the top “high performance” coach who trains not only high achieving athletes, actors and actresses, but successful business owners and entrepreneurs like us too.
He has helped 19 of the Fortune 50 Companies, Cisco Executives, and Self-Made Billionaires, just to name a few.
Do you think you could use some of his insight?
If you’re feeling a little overwhelmed recently or if you’re feeling that you’re not achieving as fast as you like, you will want to hear what he’s teaching.
You’ll learn things like how to become a top performer in your life and business.
This is SO exciting!
Today, not only can you watch his private training video series that he charges tens of thousands for FREE, but you get to ask him YOUR personal question on the webpage below and he actually responds to your questions.
How cool is that?
Make sure to watch videos #1 – 3 in the next few days, because it will be taken down soon.

The Apex Mounted Archery Club has been quite active in meeting every couple of weeks. Not everyone can make each practice, but we all do try. We consistently see new faces and new horses for that matter.
In our latest practice I was excited to have Chris of CBF Creations join us to take photos of our practice. There were only a handful of people who could come out but it was a good time for sure.
In addition to archery in the arena as you have been seeing we also take it to the trail. There is a 1 mile loop at this farm that winds through the woods and hills; several targets have been set out on the trail and it makes things even more interesting!

White Spruce is a hardy, long-lived evergreen tree. It can grow in many soil types and moisture levels. And it can even tolerate significant amounts of shade. White spruce requires little maintenance and is well suited for use in shelterbelts, privacy screens, hedges, and as an ornamental in an urban setting.
These two-year-old seedlings have spent the first year in a greenhouse and the second outdoors in our bareroot fields. The fine mop of roots make these easy to plant and great choice for any large scale project where competition may be an issue. These seedlings have been graded for size and form.
Stock Type: Bareroot Age: 2 years (P+1) Size: 15-45cm (6-18")
Greenhouse-grown from seed, sorted for height and form.
These 2 year old seedlings were grown from a mix of White spruce (Picea glauca) and Engelmann spruce (Picea engelmannii). Seedlings will be a mix of the two as they naturally hybridize with one another but the white spruce will be dominant.
TreeTime.ca is pleased to offer free
or low rate shipping throughout Canada, with British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and
Ontario being our most popular provinces.
We also regularly ship to the United States.
Here is a list of our most popular Canadian cities:

Michael Westmore is a psychopathic serial killer in the WB TV series Smallville, appearing as the main antagonist in the Season 5 episode "Tomb".
He was portrayed by Damon Johnson.
Michael was the son of a jeweler but was secretly a serial killer. In 1995, he befriended a young girl named Gretchen Winters. She was a troubled teen who called him Mikey. He listened to her problems, before deciding that murdering her was the only way she would be at peace.
Mike murdered Gretchen in the Talon apartment and buried her behind the bathroom wall. He placed on all his victims a bracelet with a green bejeweled meteor rock as he claimed it helped them be at peace.
Michael worked as an orderly at the Smallville Medical Center, and was ordered by Dr. Sydell to take Chloe Sullivan from the ER into an observation room. Chloe had been possessed by Michael's victim, Gretchen whose spirit was haunting her.
While in the hospital, Chloe heard a voice begging for help coming from the bathroom in her hospital room. She panicked when she saw the ghost of Gretchen but was unseen to everyone else in the room. The doctors ordered Michael to restrain her for sedation.
Clark later helped Chloe escape the hospital and took her back to the Talon apartment. Sensing it wasn't safe there Clark took Chloe to the Kent Farm while Lois planned to investigate Gretchen's murder. While in the apartment, Lois encountered the hospital orderly, Michael Westmore who was standing at her door.
He claimed he was concerned for Chloe but Lois was suspicious. Michael muses that his father used to manage the Talon when it was a theater and Lois politely ushers him out. She tried to call the sheriff, but Michael forced his way back in and drugs Lois with chloroform until she passes out.
He then took Lois and tied her up in his basement. Chloe became fully possessed by Gretchen's spirit and went to Michael's house wanting revenge.
She subdued him with a taser and almost bashed him to death until she heard Lois in the basement. Michael knocked her out and tied her to a chair next to Lois.
He terrorizes them and talks about how his father used to make bracelets with green gemstones (meteor rocks). He put one on Chloe and gave Lois a large knife, instructing her to slit her wrists, or he will shoot Chloe. Instead Lois throws the knife at Michael.
Enraged, he knocks her down and she falls unconscious and he stands up to stab her. Michael was about kill Lois when Clark arrived to fight him, but Clark was weakened by the Kryptonite bracelet Michael put on Chloe's wrist earlier and got easily knocked to the ground.
Chloe called Michael "Mikey", a name that Gretchen used to call him. Michael was shocked after Gretchen revealed that it was her in Chloe's body. He touches the bracelet and Gretchen's spirit leaves Chloe and flies into Michael.
Gretchen's spirit transferred into Michael's body and she forced him to stab himself in the stomach and kill himself, despite his plea. Once Westmore was dead, Gretchen left his body, completed her revenge and her spirit could rest in peace.

Iced desserts were introduced into Europe from the East. Marco Polo brought back descriptions of fruit ices from his travels in China. Italian cooks developed recipes and techniques for making both water and milk ices; Buontalenti, one of the cooks taken to France by Catherine de Medici, first prepared such treats for the French court. In 1686 a Sicilian, Francesco Procopio, opened a café in Paris and began to sell ices and sherbets, which became so popular that numerous other ice makers soon opened in the capital. Tortoni, owner of a café in late-18th-century Paris, is credited with developing cream ices. In the United States, ice cream was served by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Dolley Madison. Philadelphia became the hub of ice-cream manufacture in the United States; the ice-cream soda was invented there in 1874. The ice-cream cone, portable and self-contained, originated at the 1904 World’s Fair in St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.
Commercial ice cream is made by combining, under constant agitation, the liquid ingredients (milk, cream, syrups, etc.). These liquids are heated and combined with dry ingredients (sugar, stabilizers, dried eggs or milk) to form a mix, which is then pasteurized and homogenized. The mix is ripened for several hours in a refrigerated vat, then combined with finely chopped fruit, nuts, or other solids. The mix is agitated while being frozen in order to incorporate air and control the size of the ice crystals that are formed. The partially frozen ice cream is drawn off into packages and frozen solid, or “hardened.” So-called soft-service ice cream was invented in 1939; it is served directly from the freezing machine without being allowed to harden.
Homemade ice cream is often made with a base of boiled custard. The mix, with flavourings, is poured into a canister surrounded with ice and salt or a refrigerator unit. The contents of the canister are agitated by means of a hand crank or electric motor until the ice cream is softly frozen. The ice cream is usually allowed to harden further in a freezer.

This past Saturday morning I thought it would be nice to have a kitten, so that afternoon I went to the humane society. This is something my mom might call “impulsive decision-making,” but as it was she called it “being spontaneous” — probably because she’s the one who drove me to the animal shelter.
Adopting a kitten right now would be a bad idea for a multitude of reasons: my apartment doesn’t allow pets, I’m leaving the country in four months, and I’m allergic to cats. But I really wanted one. And that was more than good enough for my mom, because it’s the first thing I’ve actively wanted in a long time.
Let’s back up to last Friday, which is when I told my therapist that the only thing that made me feel okay was being with animals. It’d be nice, I said, to spend time with something alive and mildly social that didn’t require any conversation. I thought a dog might be good, or maybe a cat, since they aren’t as loud or such persistent mouth-breathers. “So go get one,” she said. Like it was just that easy. Animals could be very therapeutic, apparently.
When I recounted this interaction to my mom, thinking she would also laugh at the oversimplification of how to solve my problem, she surprised me by agreeing that I should just get one. She already had her car keys in hand. That’s when I realized just how desperately the people in my life wanted to help me. That they’d try anything — even jumping in the car to go adopt a cat that didn’t make any sense for me to bring into my life. It reminded me of something of which I was already painfully aware: my problem affects the people around me.
I have struggled with depression for years now, which is something that I try to be very open about. But it gets harder to discuss frankly when I’m in the throes of it. It’s a kind of recurring nightmare that I can only comfortably recount when it’s long over. So when my attention started slipping early in the semester, I just tried not to think about it. It got harder to ignore when I began barely making assignment deadlines, then handing in assignments late, then not handing them in at all. I don’t really want to talk about what depression feels like. Too many people already know the experience. But the effect is something that looks a lot like apathy, and leaves the people who care not knowing how to help.
So I got in the passenger seat of my mom’s car and my 15-year-old sister hopped into the back, immediately speculating what kind of kitten would be best for me. She thought, most importantly, it ought to be a girl. My mom said to just pick a nice one. We got to the animal shelter 15 minutes before it closed and passed the cages of anxiously yowling dogs to a room where they kept the kittens, a room where they kept a kitten. All of the cages were empty except for one, where one kitten had pressed itself to the back wall, nearly invisible in the shadows. The sign said her name was Pumpkin.
Kittens aren’t usually born until spring, it turns out, but we weren’t immediately deterred by the lack of selection. My sister cooed and wiggled her fingers inside the cage, which surprisingly did rouse Pumpkin’s interest. My mom asked a volunteer if we could hold the kitten, and she said no. It had bitten someone and we would have to fill out a lot of paper work, but there were some older cats in the front we could look at.
So we went to the front. There was a room with free-roaming cats lounging on the benches, and in a litter box was the largest cat I’ve ever seen. He was shaped like a meatloaf and took up the entire box. When we entered the room he tried to raise himself, but gave up the task when his heft proved too much to lift. I looked at my mom and grinned. “Absolutely not,” she said.
We pet some lazy cats and my sister took an obscene number of Snapchat videos, but eventually we had to leave empty-handed. I felt a little disappointed and a lot itchy (I really am allergic to cats).
When we got back in the car, my mom looked sadder than I did. “Now really isn’t a good time for me to get a cat anyway,” I said. She nodded, but I still felt badly. She said she and my sister would keep looking while I was at school, and while I realized I had gotten over the whim of getting a new pet, I still told her that was a good idea. I felt I had to let her continue the obsessive kitten search, because while she couldn’t cure my depression, she could absolutely scour the Internet for kittens for sale in Michigan.
The hard thing about recovering from depression is that it’s hard to take care of myself when I don’t necessarily feel I’m worth taking care of. Yet I allowed myself to get swept up in the cat mania because my mom hoped a cat could cure me, and if I couldn’t make myself happy, I could at least try to make her happy. The fix might not be as easy as adopting a new pet, but maybe that’s how recovery works sometimes: you try to help the people who care to help you, even if you can’t help yourself.
Sydney Hartle can be reached at email@example.com.

When weight loss is the goal, the equation seems simple enough: consume fewer calories and burn more of them exercising. But for some people, losing and keeping off the weight is much more difficult for reasons that can include a genetic component. While there are rare genetic causes of extreme obesity, the strongest common genetic contributor discovered so far is a variant found in an intron of the FTO gene. Variations in this untranscribed region of the gene have been tied to differences in body mass and a risk of obesity . For the one in six people of European descent born with two copies of the risk variant, the consequence is carrying around an average of an extra 7 pounds .
Now, NIH-funded researchers reporting in The New England Journal of Medicine  have figured out how this gene influences body weight. The answer is not, as many had suspected, in regions of the brain that control appetite, but in the progenitor cells that produce white and beige fat. The researchers found that the risk variant is part of a larger genetic circuit that determines whether our bodies burn or store fat. This discovery may yield new approaches to intervene in obesity with treatments designed to change the way fat cells handle calories.
The team—led by Melina Claussnitzer of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston, and Manolis Kellis of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge—started with a basic question: where in the body does this variant act to influence weight? For the answer, the team turned to the NIH-funded Roadmap Epigenomics Project.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by these authors and blogs are theirs and do not necessarily represent that of the Bioethics Research Library and Kennedy Institute of Ethics or Georgetown University.

I’m not ready for summer to be over. I’ll admit, I like the sun and warm days (but not hot days…72 is the perfect temp). But, clearly in the Northwest, that doesn’t happen for long up here.
Being from the Northwest, I have grown up with rain. I don’t like it much. Yes, there is a need for it and it does keep things green here, but I don’t like going out in the rain and spending time in it. Yes, I am going to let that stop me from having fun out of doors, because, well, being in the rain for long period of time just isn’t that fun.
Anyway, we just went through six months of lockdown (literally and figuratively). To say that the summer wasn’t a bit of a let down, even with half way decent weather for some of it, would be kind of an understatement. It was a big let down. Trips cancelled. Outdoor activities cancelled or severely hampered/limited. Not much hanging out with friends or family (but we did some). Always the specter of “what if” when we decided to go for a drive to who knows where…what if they aren’t open, what if they don’t have anything to see, what if we can’t find a place to go to the bathroom, what if there is no place to stay? Irritating when you look back on all this stupidity.
So, now there is a new prospect of a “lockdown” in the Northwest, not from dreaded Covid *eyeroll*, but from the weather. It will be more windy, more rainy, and darker sooner and longer. To say that that will kill the spirit of anyone who has to stay inside for the next six months because of the weather is discouraging. Really discouraging.
I am not sure I can handle this next lockdown. I don’t think I have Seasonal Affective Disorder but I can certainly say that I am feeling like I missed out on the best part of the year. I kinda feel like I have treaded water all summer only to have no payoff of fun and relaxation. Know what I mean?
How do you deal with the change in seasons, especially the summer to fall transistion?

JettProof Graphic Sensory Singlet | Adult | Choose Kindness
JettProof Calming Sensory Compression Singlets are perfect for Anxiety, Autism, ADHD and Sensory Processing Disorder.
- Designed for Autism, ADHD, Sensory Processing Disorder & Anxiety
- Non-restrictive sensory compression - can be worn 24/7
- Machine wash and dry
- Australian Made
- Registered NDIS Provider
JettProof calming sensory singlets help adults regulate their body and filter sensory information and are manufactured extra long to provide sensory input to all of the torso.
JettProof is designed to wear all day, every day to keep the sensory system calm and reduce or eliminate anxiety. Reassuring, gentle pressure provides proprioceptive feedback (information received from muscles and tendons, concerning body movement and position).
All JettProof undergarments have special external stitching for a seamless feel, and a stamped label for adults with tactile sensitivity. Correct sizing is important for optimum results. View JettProof Sizing Chart
JettProof® is manufactured from Calmtex® a high quality, sensory based compression which is breathable, moisture wicking, durable and keeps the wearer cool, dry and comfortable all year round.
We are a registered NDIS Provider. To find out how to use your NDIS to purchase JettProof - click here
If your measurement is between two sizes, you are best choosing the smaller size for maximum benefits.
Please note: For women, the chest is measured under the bust.
Please ensure you are ordering the correct size as we are unable to accept returns or exchanges for this customized product.

Bosco Musings 5th Issue
February 25, 2022: Don Bosco School is very pleased to present the latest issue of its school’s E-Magazine, Bosco Musings.
In this issue of Bosco Musings we asked students to explore arts and culture based on their own ethnic background or other cultures and traditions in India as well as globally.
Congratulations to the students of the Editorial Team for all their creative efforts and talents in putting together this issue of Bosco Musings.
Please click here to read the e-magazine online: Bosco Musings
15th August 2021: On the joyous occasion of India’s 75th Independence Day, Don Bosco School, Bandlaguda, takes great pleasure in presenting the 4th issue of our school’s e-magazine, Bosco Musings.
In this issue, we asked students to become innovators and creative thinkers so they could look at coming up with simple solutions to problems that they see around them.
The COVID crisis has certainly challenged many of us to think innovatively in various fields, especially education. We hope that this issue sparks off creative and innovative thinking among our students. Hope you enjoy reading our latest issue.
Please click on this link to read the magazine online: Bosco Musings
About Bosco Musings
Don Bosco School published its first online school e-magazine in March 2020. The magazine is put together by a student editorial team with the guidance of teachers. The aim of the e-magazine is to give our students the opportunity to showcase their talents and to foster creative writing skills. In January 2021, our school Principal, Rev. Fr. Chinnappa, gave our e-magazine its name – Bosco Musings. We hope that Bosco Musings will continue to showcase our students’ talents in the years to come.
Our Past Issues of Bosco Musings

March 8, International Women’s Day (IWD) is a global day celebrating the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women. The day also marks a call to action for accelerating gender parity. International Women’s Day…. is not country, group or organisation specific.
Here at Hear The Boat Sing, however, we are fairly ‘group specific’ and, for a few years, I have marked IWD with images of women’s rowing through the ages. I can understand if some people regard this as tokenism. It is difficult to argue against this, my posts do seem to be more often about men’s rowing than women’s. My only excuse is that HTBS is primarily concerned with history and often writes about times, not too long ago, when women were widely thought to belong in the home of their father or their husband – not in a rowing boat. Even when women did manage to take to the water, their activities would most likely go unrecorded. In a probably unsuccessful attempt to make amends, this post is a chronological (if random) collection of images of women’s rowing. Not all are positive, but they are part of history and should not be ignored. At the risk of briefly overcompensating, two more posts inspired by International Women’s Day will follow, one tomorrow and one the day after.

The Greenhill Hotel is located at Red Dial, just off the A595 between Carlisle and Cockermouth, on the edge of the Lake District National Park.
We approximately 6 miles from Caldbeck.
Stunning Hotel For Weddings & Business Events / Meetings
The Greenhill Hotel is a beautiful red sandstone Georgian mansion built in 1804 as a private residence and is set in nine acres of parkland. It offers a private and peaceful setting for a wedding or business event.
We offer the following facilities:
Our hotel is rapidly gaining a great reputation locally for the quality of its food. Our menus are varied and interesting with something for everyone.
Private party celebrations can also be catered for here. Why not celebrate an engagement, wedding anniversary or birthday with us?
Whether you're here to work or play, our stylish, contemporary guest rooms, interesting dining menus and friendly service will make your stay with us that little bit more special.
The Greenhill Hotel is Open All Year.
Children very welcome.
SORRY - NO DOGS.
CUMBRIA'S PREMIER WEDDING VENUE:
The Greenhill Hotel is THE WEDDING VENUE in Cumbria.
Choosing the Greenhill Hotel for the most important day of your life in its beautiful setting in Cumbria, will make your special day a day to remember forever!
Every marriage and wedding reception we host is unique and tailored especially to your individual needs. Let us put together a personal wedding plan for your very important day.
Organising your wedding in the Lake District may seem to be a daunting task. Under the guidance of our professional team, you need have no further worries about your wedding day hospitality.
Our expert planners can give advice on photographers, wedding cars, champagne, wedding flowers and anything else you can think of to make your day truly memorable.
When the weather is warm and dry, we can offer pre-reception drinks on the lawn whilst the wedding photographs are being taken.
Our fully appointed banqueting suite includes a private bar, large dance floor and private entrance.
We also offer:
For our business guests, we also offer fax, e-mail and secretarial services if required.
Please remember to mention the Caldbeck area website when you contact the Greenhill Hotel.

Boekel analog incubators are manufactured in the United States from 22 Ga steel, and the exterior is powder coated for scratch and stain resistance. The interior is easy-to-clean aluminum. All analog incubators come with a thermometer and built in thermometer port. The operating temperature range of the chamber is from ambient +10 to 90°C. Each incubator has a circulation fan to improve warming time and temperature stability. All units include a digital laboratory timer and shelves.
Boekel analog incubators use a hydraulic thermostat for control of temperature and a separate on/off switch. The 115 volt analog incubators meet UL and CSA requirements and all 230 volt units are CE marked. Ideal for a wide range of applications including culturing organisms, warming of samples, E. coli tests, diagnostic protocols for water, wastewater, food and beverage testing, clinical, cosmetics, pharmaceutical, and biotech testing. These robust incubators are designed for use in research, industrial, food, and medical laboratories.
Steel and aluminum construction
Medium size incubator
Includes thermometer and built in thermometer port

Real Madrid vs Villarreal Full Match & Highlights 22 May 2021. Support Us. NCAA Baseball.
2 Pub bosse What channel is Serbia v Scotland on? Supporters can watch the match live – for free – on: Meanwhile, subscribers can watch the match on Sky Sports Football (Sky 403, Sky HD 857, Virgin 513 and TalkTalk 404) “Sky S The Scotland national team are ready for their most important match in over How to watch Serbia v Scotland free on Sky Sports: TV channel Well, even if you don't have a Sky Sports subscription, the Sky One, Sky All eyes will be on Wembley on Sunday as England kick off their Euro 2020 with a tough test against Croatia. The Three England vs Croatia TV channel and live stream: Where to watch Euros fixture for FREE online in UK .. WhoScored brings you live scores, match results and player ratings from the top football leagues and competitions.
All eyes will be on Wembley on Sunday as England kick off their Euro 2020 with a tough test against Croatia. The Three England vs Croatia TV channel and live stream: Where to watch Euros fixture for FREE online in UK ..
How to watch a Euro 2020 live stream for How to Watch EURO Cup Live Online for Free. In the United Kingdom, BBC iPlayer and ITV have exclusive rights to broadcast the 2021 UEFA EURO.If you happen to live outside the UK, there is an easy way to watch all live matches no matter where you are. Comprehensive coverage of all your major sporting events on SuperSport.com, including live video streaming, video highlights, results, fixtures, logs, news, TV broadcast schedules and more.
Jun 12, 2021 · England will continue their pursuit of Euro 2021 glory with their second group game against old rivals Scotland at Wembley.. This is the oldest international rivalry in the world, with the first meeting between these two taking place in 1872, in what FIFA has recognised as the first international football match in history. 4,000 people were in attendance in Glasgow that day to witness the 0-0
Revealed: All they key omissions as England name provisional 33-man Euro 2020 squad. Live Soccer TV. Gareth Southgate has named his preliminary squad, which he will trim down to 26 names come June 1. Jun 10, 2021 · EURO 2020 is almost here and the TV games have been announced. ITV and BBC have revealed which England matches they’ll be showing, plus all other fixtures.
Each half in a regulation soccer game la Where's the best place to watch soccer live streams? We've got all the broadcasters and services you'll need to stream any game. Soccer is massively popular in both the United States and the rest of the world, so the soccer live streaming l Travel + Leisure is a one-stop resource for sophisticated travelers who crave travel tips, news and information about the most exciting destinations in the world. I know there’s a kind of fear of soccer games outside Europe, but the stadium The return of Stockdale, who sustained the injury in early January playing for Ulster, means Shane Daly misses out and will remain with Munster. Flanker Josh van der Flier will undergo return-to-play protocols before the game. Leinster b Live Now: England vs Scotland streaming for free.
Mar 25, 2021 · Here is a guide to watching UEFA World Cup qualifying games in the United States, including start times and live-streaming information. 11 April 1967. European Qualifying Group game.Scotland take on the 'Auld enemy', and then current World Champions, England at Wembley in front of 99,063 supp Mar 29, 2019 · There are lots of ways to watch soccer games for free online, and in this article, we'll show you three. In two of them, you'll have to download a program that will let you watch games online or choose between TV channels from any part of the world.
Jun 03, 2021 · The Scots are gearing up for three Euro 2020 fixtures in Group D against England, You can watch the game live on Sky Sports Football from 5pm. How to live stream Luxembourg v Scotland online. Jun 09, 2019 · The first weekend of the 2019 Women's World Cup comes to a close with the start of both England and Scotland's campaigns, a chance for both sides to lay down a marker. England are clear favourites. Mar 25, 2021 · Here is a guide to watching UEFA World Cup qualifying games in the United States, including start times and live-streaming information. 11 April 1967. European Qualifying Group game.Scotland take on the 'Auld enemy', and then current World Champions, England at Wembley in front of 99,063 supp Mar 29, 2019 · There are lots of ways to watch soccer games for free online, and in this article, we'll show you three.
- Clasificatorio euro 2020 austria vs. north macedonia
- Euro 2020 football portugal vs. france
- Soccer euro cup 2020 ukraine vs. austria
- Watch sport channels online croatia vs. czech republic
- Euro 2020 meczyki finland vs. belgium
- Ronaldo scores hat-trick as portugal close in on euro 2020 video hungary vs. portugal
- Cyberpunk 2020 euro russia vs. denmark
- Izvlacenje euro 2020 netherlands vs. ukraine
- Euro 2020 qualifiers ball portugal vs. france
- Euro 2020 wales sweden vs. poland
Jun 02, 2021 · FT: NETHERLANDS 2-2 SCOTLAND. Despite missing seven of the squad, it was a very good Scotland performance. Goals from Jack Hendry and Kevin Nisbet had Scotland twice in front. Memphis Depay twice England finished top of Group A in qualifying, winning seven of eight qualifying games, putting them as the ones to watch in this group, while Scotland finished third behind Russia and Belgium. Scotland Football Club - get the latest news, fixtures, results, match reports, videos, photos, squad and player stats on Sky Sports Football Soccer Live Stream Online Free: We cover all kinds of Soccer Games like the English Premier League ( EPL), La Liga, Bundesliga, Italian Serie A, French Ligue 1 and more. On this page, we provide a detailed schedule of upcoming EPL, La Liga, Bundesliga, Serie A, French Ligue Matches.

Your resume is your self marketing tool. So make it stand out to get to your dream job. It’s easy. If you need help, do not hesitate to drop me a message. Need a FREE! resume review and critique, join our exclusive group.
Hello!, Welcome to The Career Mark!. With my journey to help job seekers to get their dream job, We have reviewed more than 5000 resumes to date. With that experience we can guide you to write a perfect winning resume to get to your dream job.
“Our mission is to help you to grow your career. We love helping job seekers to stand out in their job search and get hired sooner.”
Sales Associate | Retail salesperson Resume Template + Cover Letter Template + Reference Template + Letterhead + Guide Package + Checklist + Planners
This premade resume template will help you to quickly transform your old resume to more modern, eye catching and professional resume.
Includes everything you need to make your resume stand out in 2020:
✅ A modern professional resume template that’s easy to use and customize + VIP support if you face any difficulty
✅ Get an advantage of FREE! review and critique of your resume and daily updating tips and tricks to grow your career. JOIN! our exclusive group: fb.com/groups/thecareermark/
✅ My education value pack “resume writing guide + cover letter writing guide + LinkedIn tips + Checklists before you submit” includes many tips and tricks that you can stand out from the competition.
✅ FREE Planners: “Time management is very important to make everything perfect and be a successful person in both work & life” – You will get weekly, monthly and yearly planner to plan your every bit of seconds.
✅ FREE VIP support: I will guide you to solve your technical, resume, cover letter and LinkedIn issues, or if you need a formatting cleanup when you’re done, send it on over!
✅ Important: Instant Download | US Letter and A4 sizes included | PC and MAC compatible using Microsoft Word
//THIS PACKAGE INCLUDES //
✅Templates in Microsoft Word (.docx)
2 Page Resume Template
Cover Letter Template
Resume Writing Handbook
The Road to Perfect Cover Letter
Top 25 Tips to Rock your LinkedIn Profile
✅ Check Lists
Resume Writing Checklist
Cover Letter Checklist
LinkedIn Profile Checklist
✅ Planners (Printables)
Yearly Planner (250 Pages)
✅ Free fonts and instructions

Bring in and create your own magic with this enchanting spray. Magic has essential oils that are protective, grounding and heart opening.
Ingredients: Frankincense (Boswellia carterii), Lemongrass (Cymbopogon citratus), Angelica (Angelica archangelica)
Directions: Shake well, spray on body or space around as often as needed.
The information provided is for reference purposes only and is not intended to substitute ANY advice given by another licensed health-care professional. We do not advise using the information in this listing to self-diagnose and advise contacting your health care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. Information and statements regarding our products have not been evaluated by the FDA.
For aromatic and topical use only – not for internal use.

Six people have expressed interest in vying for the Omoro County Parliamentary seat in Omoro district.
The seat fell vacant following the death of former legislator and Speaker of Parliament, Jacob L’Okori Oulanyah on March 20, 2022, in Seattle in the United States of America.
Last week, the Electoral Commission set May 26, 2022, as the date for the Omoro County by-elections. The voters’ register update exercise will run from April 14-19th, 2022.
Francis Mawa, the Prime Minister of Puranga Clan where the late Oulanyah hailed from told Uganda Radio Network that six people from the clan have shown interest in running for the vacant seat.
They include Omoro District LC V Chairperson, Douglas Peter Okello, Omoro District Council Speaker, Richard Bongowat Luganya, Andrew Olal and Francis Rwotlonyo, all members of the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) party.
Others are Engineer Terrence Odonga from Forum for Democratic Party-FDC and Patrick Okot, a lecturer in the Faculty of Science at Gulu University.
According to Mawa, Oulanyah’s family members had earlier fronted the deceased’s son, Andrew Ojok to contest as a replacement for his father.
He notes that as members of Puranga clan, they have scheduled a meeting with all aspirants on Friday this week to come out with a common position.
“The Friday meeting will come out with a good report because this is an abnormal contest that came after the death of one of our own. We have called family members, relatives, political leaders, and cultural heads of the clan to iron out some issues,” he said.
Omoro district LC V chairperson, Douglas Peter Okello didn’t answer our repeated phone calls on his cellphones.
Rwotlonyo confirmed his interest in the parliamentary seat, saying that Omoro needs a person who can work for them and listen to them.
He called on the NRM party leadership to exercise neutrality and give a fairground to all aspirants to contest without dictating on a single candidate of their interest.
On Friday last week, Francis Emuna, the brother to Oulanyah asked others interested in vying for the parliamentary seat to consider the deceased’s son owing to the legacy of his father.
“We want Ojok to stand come by-election for Omoro, we want your full support, please stand with the family and we take this man through, this is my special request. I know there are people who want to come through but let’s consider the family and all Jacob has done and left us with,” said Emuna.
Ojok works with National Information Technology Authority-Uganda (NITA-U) as a Senior Information Technology Specialist. Caesar Lubangakene, the National Unity Platform-NUP party Northern Regional spokesperson told URN in an interview that they had not yet decided on a candidate for the Omoro County MP seat.
“We are going to sit down and have a strategy meeting very soon, we are going to definitely show force whether we support our candidate or back one of the candidates,” he said. Oulanyah, who was buried on Friday last week at his ancestral home in Lalogi Sub-county, was serving his fourth Term as Omoro County member of parliament. He first joined parliament on the Uganda People’s Congress-UPC party ticket in 2001.
He lost his re-election bid in 2006 before joining the NRM Party and won in the 2011 parliamentary election, 2016, and subsequently the 2021 Parliamentary election.
According to the Electoral Commission road map, the nomination of candidates will take place from May 12th to May 13 at Omoro District Council Hall. The candidate’s campaign will take place from May 16th- 24th, 2022.

Single-use plastic items will be banned in the Delhi Secretariat from June 1, a month before the nationwide ban on SUP comes into force, Environment Minister Gopal Rai said on Saturday.
It will be ensured that only alternatives to SUP items such as paper plates, cups, straws are used in the Delhi Secretariat premises, he said.
Staff will be asked to avoid SUP water bottles and use kulhads, stainless steel glasses or paper cups to drink water, the minister said.
In August last year, the Union environment ministry had issued a notification prohibiting manufacture, import, stocking, distribution, sale and use of identified SUP commodities, including polystyrene and expanded polystyrene from July 1, 2022.
The identified SUP items include earbuds, plastic sticks for balloons, flags, candy sticks, ice cream sticks, polystyrene (thermocol), plates, cups, glasses, forks, spoons, knives, straws, trays, wrapping or packaging films around sweets boxes, invitation cards, cigarette packets, plastic or PVC banners less than 100 micron, and stirrers.
All manufacturers, retailers, general public, and shopkeepers in Delhi have already been asked not to keep any stock of single-use plastics by June 30, 2022.
The Delhi Pollution Control Committee has also asked all manufacturers of raw materials to stop supplying plastic items to those engaged in the use of banned SUP products.
It is also carrying out a survey to identify littering hotspots and quantify plastic waste generation in the city.
The Delhi government had last year constituted a state-level task force for the elimination of SUP and effective implementation of Plastic Waste Management Amended Rules, 2021.

Hello friends! :)
My “Trash to Treasure” friends and I decided to bring you a “Best of the Archives” for the month of February.
So, instead of sharing a new trash to treasure next Tuesday, we are going to bring you 4 every Tuesday this month.
They will be “new” (or new to you) treasures that we are pulling deep from the dusty ole archives.
We hope you will enjoy seeing some of these projects you may have never seen before!
One of my very favorite (to this very day!) projects (and one of my very first on the blog here) is my AUBUSSON BLUE DRESSER.
I just adore it.
It was definitely in need when I found it at the thrift store….for $35!
What a bargain….except it was missing a handle as you can see below.
It was a little beat up too. (or a lot actually)
But I had a vision for it.
I wanted to keep the top natural in a nice deep, rich shade like walnut and paint the rest.
I also knew exactly where I was going to put it.
It actually still sits in the same spot almost 4 years later!
Chalk Paint® – Aubusson Blue
Paint Brush (for Chalk Paint)
Oil Rubbed Bronzed Spray
Minwax Dark Walnut Stain
Purdy Brush (for stain and finish)
- I used Chalk Paint® by Annie Sloan in the color “Aubusson Blue”.
I LOVE (love, love, love) this color.
- I very lightly distressed this one by sanding the edges before I waxed.
I know Annie Sloan recommends doing it after waxing but I personally like doing it before.
- Next, I mixed a bit of her dark wax in with some clear wax. (just a tiny bit)
I applied the was to the entire piece (except the top) and hand buffed to create that gorgeous sheen.
- For the top, I used Citristrip (my favorite!) to remove most of the finish.
(Gloves, safety glasses and dust mask are a must! Safety first. Always.)
- Then I sanded it completely down to the wood and applied a dark walnut stain.
- For the handles, I gave them a quick spray with Oil Rubbed Bronze Spray paint and a touch of gold paint to highlight.
I sure wish I had taken photos of the process but I was mostly sharing “before/after” shots at that time.
This is how it ended up…. (I made one of those handles..can you tell which one it is? ;) )
And here it is in the middle of the painting process.
Isn’t that color amazing???
Look at that gorgeous wood top. That stain is just beautiful!
I love color…and I LOVE paint but I do love wood peaking through here and there.
I try to keep a bit in some of my re-do’s.
And the final “before/after” shot.
What a difference a little paint makes!
Definitely a treasure now. :)
Be sure to see what my friends are sharing this week below!

20% Off All Items | Code: 20PERCENT
$10.23 USDSize Guide
With their unique design and allure, these silver hammered earrings exude a confident sense of style. The silver plated nickel free solid brass hoops are randomly textured and sculptural, perfect for everyday.
size : 25-40mm : 1 - 1 1/2 inches
made from: silver plated solid brass
all sizes are approximate
Collections: Finished Jewelry

Intercourse roulette sites are simply the adult that is modern-day spaces. Simply speaking, their randomness sparks attention and you may speak to strangers at quick prices.
Nevertheless when seeking one down, you’ll encounter a few dilemmas. – Cam to cam intercourse becomes boring whenever a niche site is affected by spam, packed with pervy dudes, or includes a design that is confusing.
Let’s solve this problem and have a spread sifting through the hordes of bad choices. Today, we’re groing through the 12 adult that is best Chat Roulettes. ‐ detailed with variety and that means you find an one that is good!
Here’s an overview that is full of web web web sites:
Each provides tremendous value, according to what sort of webcam roulette you want. Additionally, all platforms listed be noticed as gems that don’t contain problems we cited.
Tempocams has a sex that is popular roulette for speaking cam to cam with girls. Therefore anyone enthusiastic about fulfilling ladies, this is certainly an adult internet site you’ll desire to use!
Enter girls Roulette to become listed on a real time intercourse show with random horny babes. – Now start viewing or skip to another online model. Additionally, you can find alternatives for personal chatting and switching on your own movie.
And of course, it is free! – a good benefit for adult cam sites.
- Personal cam intercourse
- A lot of hot girls online
- Good mobile experience
- Talk needs signup
- Age verify for C2C
- Restricted if logged out
Joingy is just a random chat roulette to generally meet strangers on the web. Fundamentally, they’re a modern type of web sites like Chatroulette, Omegle, or whatever else rings a bell.
To locate cybersex? – Well, you are able to flirt with numerous adults and singles here! While there aren’t swarms of strangers to intercourse speak to, it is barely noticeable. Given that they have actually a couple of hundred individuals online, users never operate low on casual conversations.
Plus it wouldn’t be a shock if Joingy became the new favorite roulette!
- Contemporary design
- Perfect on PC and mobile
- Both text & movie parts
- Notably unknown
- Moderate range users
- Rare difficulties with webcams
3. Cams Roulette
Real time Cams Roulette matches users with babes on cam sex that is performing. Then site site visitors may pick from groups like teenagers (18+), blondes or redheads.
Gorgeous women can be on the roulette enjoying on their own. – And you’ll clearly see this as soon as paired in a discussion. For a relative part note, enrollment is necessary before intercourse chatting. But they say it is simply to confirm site site visitors are in minimum 18 years of age.
- Appealing females
- Very easy to begin viewing
- Number of intercourse groups
Austin escort reviews
- Restricted quantity of cams
- Chatting requires enrollment
- Signup to make on a cam
Shagle is a popular adult movie talk roulette with a few attractive advantages. First, their sex filter just fits one to a chosen intercourse (either girls or dudes). Regrettably, this particular aspect requires a compensated subscription.
Next, there’s an alternative for connecting to folks from certain nations. – Overall, Shagle’s roulette could be confusing initially, but enjoyable when obtaining the hang of it.
- Nation selections
- Text and movie chatting
- C2C is very effective on mobile
- Confusing to get going
- Marketing at no cost users
- Gender filter is VIP-only
5. Trap Roulette
TrapRoulette’s tranny webcams allow grownups intercourse chat with bigender babes. Also it’s uncommon to get a shemale roulette where individuals can talk ‘C2C’ without any strings connected.
So might be you a T-Girl enthusiast? – Because this platform’s perfect for watching trans cams! After registering, people gain features like after and viewing in fullscreen.
- Great mobile design
- Numerous trannies that are hot
- Complimentary shemale sex shows
- Chatting requires signup
- Account needed for C2C
- Limited until registration
6. Guys Roulette
GuysRoulette is really a gay sex chat web site to consult with real time dudes. Furthermore, they’re a premier selection for anyone looking for good male roulettes.
The thing that is first notice are males getting nasty on cam. – Now press ‘Next’ to swap to a different random model. Also, users may broadcast their real time movie flow and talk straight with dudes.
- Solo cam that is gay
- Appealing males online
- Liberated to view dudes
- Confirming age for C2C intercourse
- Limited cams before signup
- Account req. to roulette talk
Chatrandom enables you to keep in touch with people online through a free adult roulette. In addition, just about everyone right here desires cam sex, so finding partners to fast cyber with goes!
Overall, it is ideal for video clip chatting while remaining anonymous. – After investing in your gender and accepting the terms, you can easily fulfill random strangers.
But when they don’t look like a great fit, we have significantly more roulette talk choices below.
- Nation filtering
- Limitless free chatting
- Anonymous platform
- Minimal to no girls online
- Obligated to have cam
- Many people skip dudes
Slutroulette is a grownup talk roulette for cam to cam intercourse with ladies. Together with amateur feeling you will get when speaking with random girls this is actually the highlight that is main.
Choose from several kinky groups. – as an example, you may possibly especially match with teenagers (18+), milfs, partners, and also porn movie stars! Be aware, signup is needed to begin a cam or talk in personal spaces. Nonetheless, everybody else may freely view upon initially visiting them.
Check out their sex that is female chat to browse real time cams now.
- A lot of categories
- A lot of women online
- Totally free
- Signup needed for C2C intercourse
- Not able to utilize cam on mobile
- Enroll req. before chatting
Jizzroulette features reside gay webcams in a chat roulette style that is modern. It is constantly a shock to learn who you’ll get combined with since you can find endless quantities of men online.
Enter to watch hot twinks, bodybuilders and dudes that are bisexual! – Whenever you’re bored of speaking with lovers, touch the ‘Next’ button and go onto another random man.
- HD Quality
- Numerous hot dudes
- Watch out for free
- No C2C on mobile phones
- Signup req. to start out webcam
- Registration necessary to talk

Discover Bedfordshire’s ‘hottest kept secret’ at the Edible Ornamentals chilli nursery. Here you can excite your senses with a Cooking With Chillies Made Simple cookery lesson. Over the 90 minute course you will learn all about the different flavours of chillies, plus, discover the secret ways to tell if a chilli will be hot or not.
If available you will begin by picking the chillies you will use to cook with. The course is usually run during English chilli picking season so you can ensure the freshest chillies are used. Once you have picked your chillies you will enjoy a tasting session and learn about each one. Your hands-on cookery course will include some exciting dishes, plus you may make pickled chillies and salsas to take home and enjoy.
- A picking (if enough chillies are available) and tasting session using the freshest chillies
- Hands-on cookery session
- Experience gift pack including personalised voucher and message card
We’re working with our experience partners to ensure we’re adhering to government advice as it updates. Please check with the supplier at time of booking for their individual recommendations.
What happens on the day?
When you arrive at the chilli nursery in Bedfordshire you will pick your own chillies, if they are in season, and take part in an optional tasting session before getting stuck in to the cooking.
The dishes you will cook depend on the chillies that are available but it may include things like salsas and jalapeno poppers. With your hands on experience you will easily be able to replicate these dishes at home. Before you leave there will be even more tasting as you try some chilli sauces.
- Under 18s must be accompanied by a paying adult
- The experience content, equipment used and restrictions may vary
Please note: your voucher is valid for 12 months from the date of issue.
This experience is available on selected dates during the English chilli picking season which runs from approximately June to October.
Weekend dates will be booked early so we suggest you book as early as possible to avoid disappointment.
All bookings and dates are subject to availability.
Please allow approximately 1 hour 30 minutes for the full experience.
What about insurance?
The centres contracted with us hold public liability insurance. We also hold contingency liability cover. You will not be liable for accidental damage to equipment, except where damage has been caused as a result of recklessness or wilful negligence.
Please ensure you are familiar with the terms and conditions of the experience.
How it works
All you have to do is pay for the experience you wish to purchase and we’ll send a voucher and booking information to you or directly to the recipient, then you just need to check the info and book your experience.
Packaging and Delivery
Please see the following page for information on our packaging and delivery.
All images shown are for illustration purpose only, actual product may vary from images shown.

Arsenal Transfer News: Wenger Eyes Ignazio Abate | Winger Set For £7m Move?
Latest Arsenal transfer rumours. Today, Arsene Wenger is interested in AC Milan defender Ignazio Abate while Gervinho could be heading to Roma for £7million.
With the summer transfer window now open, there is plenty of gossip doing the rounds in the newspapers so we’ll keep you up-to-date with the latest Arsenal transfer rumours. Today, Arsene Wenger is interested in AC Milan defender Ignazio Abate while Gervinho could be heading to Roma for £7m.
Wenger eyes Abate
First up and talkSPORT are reporting that Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is keeping a close eye on AC Milan defender Ignazio Abate’s situation this summer ahead of a potential bid.
The Italian international right-back has just 12 months left to run on his current deal at the San Siro and while Milan are desperate to tie him down to a new contract, it’s understood the 26-year-old is keen to test himself in the Premier League.
Arsenal could be in need of a new right-back with the future of Bacary Sagna still unclear and talkSPORT suggest that Wenger may make a move for Abate if the experienced Frenchman departs the Emirates this summer.
Roma in for Gervinho
Next up and the Daily Mail are reporting that Roma are interested in signing out-of-favour attacker Gervinho this summer with a season-long loan or permanent £7m switch mooted.
The Ivory Coast international has struggled to settle in north London since making the move from Lille in 2011 and made just 18 league appearances last season with the likes of Lukas Podolski, Theo Walcott and Santi Cazorla all ahead of him in the pecking order.
Rudi Garcia, who’s now in charge at Roma and used to coach Gervinho during their time at Lille, is understood to be keen to link up with him again with the Mail claiming the Italians have offered to take the 26-year-old on an initial 12-month loan with a view to making the deal permanent for £7m next summer if things work out well – although Arsenal are believed to be keen on pushing for a permanent transfer straight away.
So there’s your latest dose of transfer news. Personally, I’d love to see Abate come in if Sagna leaves and I’d bite Roma’s hands off if their willing to take Gervinho!
Read more Arsenal transfer news
What do you think, would Abate be a good signing? Would you like to see Gervinho leave? Share your views below…
/ 11 hours ago
Manchester United are interested in signing Eintracht Frankfurt defender Evan Ndicka, French journalist Fabrice...
/ 11 hours ago
Marquinhos is in London to undergo his medical and complete a move to Arsenal...

Thank you for your interest!
Video Conferencing Executive Host & Operator.
This is a temporary on-site position in our San Ramon office.
Job Dates: October 26th - December 1st
(Possibility of extending or becoming permanent if there's a mutual fit)
Hours per week: 18-35 hours per week
Schedule: Monday-Friday, generally between 12:00PM - 8:00PM (some variations in schedule)
Two Saturdays will be required (11/7 & 11/21)
Pay: $18-$20/hr, depending on experience
The Video Conferencing Executive Host & Operator is a project-based position, working out of Amplify’s offices in San Ramon. You will greet and converse with our research participants and clients over Zoom, checking in participants upon arrival to meetings, and providing instruction and best practices during online research sessions. You will also serve as the liaison between the participants and clients, requiring professionalism, confidence, and exceptional hospitality skills.
The following skills and attributes are a MUST:
Intimate knowledge of Zoom Meetings - including how to adjust settings for screen sharing, recording, co-host hand-offs, security and advanced feature uses
Critical thinking and exercising good judgement
Must be extremely comfortable learning new technology and programs
Punctuality and reliability are CRITICAL
Outgoing personality with a professional and inviting attitude
Qualified individuals will be given the opportunity to interview via Zoom.

AUSTIN, Texas (ValleyCentral) — Governor Greg Abbott, in partnership with other state officials, announced the allocation of $435 million in Coronavirus Relief Funds to the Teacher Retirement System of Texas.
The decision was made to offset healthcare costs related to COVID-19. The funding will be applied to the TRS-ActiveCare healthcare plan to offset increases insurance premiums, a release by Gov. Abbott stated.
“Our teachers are fundamental in building brighter futures for the next generation of Texans, and it is imperative that they have access to healthcare so they can continue developing our state’s most valuable asset: our kids,” Gov. Abbott said in the release.
According to the release, teachers will see “an average 0% increase,” or a decrease on healthcare premiums as a result of the funding.
“I am happy to support this initiative so healthcare premiums for our active teachers do not increase,” said Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick in the release. “Other than a parent, no person is more important to the development of a child than a teacher, and I will continue to stand with Texas teachers for that reason.”

Exponential growth. It’s why plagues are so dangerous and compound interest is so wonderful.
It’s also why the Democrats’ flirting with court-packing could destroy the Supreme Court and, with it, America as we know it.
The following is a reasonable scenario:
>>> Who’s the real Amy Coney Barrett? Here’s what some of her former students and clerks have to say:
Then, in January, having retained the Democrat-majority House, a President Joe Biden and a newly Democrat-controlled Senate decide to undo the advantage. Congress passes and Biden signs a new law expanding the court to 15 members. Biden appoints six new liberal justices, handing the left a 9-6 majority—a 60% advantage.
What happens when the Republicans regain power and they want a 60% conservative advantage? As a bit of algebra shows, to reverse the Democrats’ 9-6 advantage, they’d have to expand the court by seven and a half members.
Of course, they can’t nominate half a justice, so they’d probably round up to eight. Regardless, the Republicans, to gain a 60% advantage, must expand the court by more than the Democrats did—by eight, as opposed to six.
The parties would surely continue to insist upon a 60% advantage, meaning that, with each switch in power, they’d have to expand the court’s size by 50%.
The key thing to note is that they would have to expand the court not by a constant number but by a constant percentage. This is what would cause exponential growth. If, for example, one side insisted on a 65% advantage and the other followed suit, they’d have to expand the court by 86% at each switch in power.
How often would such switches in power occur? One occurred in 1992, when Democrats won the House, Senate, and presidency. Others occurred in 2000, 2008, and 2016. And if the polls are right, another will occur in 2020. Such power switches occur about every eight years, perhaps slightly more frequently.
Let’s err on the side of being less alarmist and assume that the switch would only occur every 10 years. Let’s similarly assume that the parties would only insist upon a 60% advantage.
Under these minimal parameters, the court would expand by 50% every 10 years. In 100 years, the court would grow by a factor of approximately 58 (1.5 raised to the power of 10), and instead of nine justices, the Supreme Court would consist of 522 justices.
Surely, one would be tempted to think, voters and the two parties would see these problems, and accordingly, such growth wouldn’t continue. But why not?
Imagine the following scenario: In the year 2120, the court comprises 522 justices (313 conservatives and 209 liberals). That November, the Democrats retake the House, Senate, and presidency. Following precedent, they decide to regain their advantage and expand the court to 783 justices (470 liberals and 313 conservatives).
Some voters might say, “Enough is enough.” However, Democrats could reasonably counter that (1) “It’s what the Republicans did last time. It’s our turn now”; (2) “Is 783 really that much larger than 522?”; (3) “Only by expanding the court can we do things such as guarantee a woman’s right to choose and ensure racial and social justice. Do we really want to sacrifice those goals just to keep the court a smaller size?”
Further, in such a scenario, no voter would be able to remember when the court was smaller than 40 justices, much less just nine. Would they really care if it were expanded a little more?
Of course, the scenario would continue to repeat.
In other words, if the Democrats do as many of their leading members want them to do (including Gov. Jay Inslee, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and Mayor Pete Buttigieg), as The Atlantic urges them to do, as vice presidential candidate Kamala Harris told The New York Times she is “absolutely open to,” and as at least one New York Times columnist advocates, we will no longer have a legislature and a supreme judicial branch.
We will essentially have two legislatures (at least when Democratic appointees—justices willing to read left-wing political and social goals into the Constitution—hold the majority of seats).
It will be the end of the Supreme Court as we know it, the end of the balance of power among the three branches of government, and, therefore, the end of America as we know it.
COPYRIGHT 2020 CREATORS.COM

SPRAGGETT ON CHESS
Today’s examples have to do with the Knight. Specifically, unexpected Knight moves that suddenly turn the tables on you… Both examples are taken from the most recent Paris Championship, which was won by gm Sergey Fedorchuk.
EXAMPLE 1: White has just played 20.Qd3, which threatens mate in one move. Besides this, White is also threatening to take the Rook on a8….
BLACK TO PLAY AND WIN!_____________________________________EXAMPLE 2
Also from the Paris Championship. It is not often than a mere amateur beats an experienced grandmaster, but that is exactly what happened in the next example!gm SHCHEKACHEVBORISOV
To be fair to the grandmaster, he stood somewhat better until his last move (30…Rd6??). But now it is time for White to turn the table!WHITE TO PLAY AND WIN!

The summary should be 3 pages long. 5-6 body paragraph and introduction&conclusion.
https://customhubwriting.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Untitled-1-Recovered-300x75.png00CustomhubWritinghttps://customhubwriting.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Untitled-1-Recovered-300x75.pngCustomhubWriting2022-05-05 20:55:302022-05-05 20:55:30Summery of "who gets to graduate?"
customhubwriting.com is a custom writing service that provides online on-demand writing work for assistance purposes. All the work should be used in accordance with the appropriate policies and applicable laws.

Onions – 2, thinly sliced
Butter – 25 gms
Lean Lamb – 750 gms, cut into 1/2 inch cubes
Tomato – 1, large, thinly sliced
Salt – 1 tsp
Black Pepper – 1 tsp
Water – 225 ml
Parsley – 2 tblsp, finely chopped
Baklava Filo – 8 sheets
Unsalted Butter – 60 gms, melted
1. Heat butter in a large pan.
2. Fry the onions until soft and golden.
3. Add the lamb cubes to the pan.
4. Cover pan and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
5. Add the tomato, salt, pepper and water.
6. Bring to a boil.
7. Reduce heat and simmer for about 60 minutes or until lamb is tender and most of the water has evaporated.
8. Remove from the heat.
9. Add parsley and keep aside to cool.
10. Open up one sheet of filo and brush with the melted butter.
11. Place another sheet of filo over the top.
12. Brush one half of this second sheet with butter and fold the 2 sheets over so that they are half their original size.
13. Place 1/4th of the meat mixture in the centre of the filo.
14. Fold the filo over in envelope-style to enclose the meat and brush the edges with butter to hold them down.
15. Continue with remaining meat and pastry until you have 4 parcels.
16. Brush the surface of each with any remaining butter.
17. Lightly grease 2 baking trays and place 2 parcels on each.
18. Place in a preheated oven to 180C/350F and bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the pastry is golden.
19. Remove from oven.
20. Serve with a salad of choice.

Austin, TX, Unknown
When: August 19 and 20.
Where: The City Theatre.
Time: Saturday, 11 am – 2 pm. Sunday, 6:30 – 9:30 pm. Ten-minute slots by appointment. Callbacks if needed. Show dates November 3rd – December 3rd, with rehearsals beginning in September.
Needed: No prepared monologue is needed. Readings from the show will be performed so be familiar with the script. Accents preferred. Sides will be available on the website a few days before auditions. You may be asked to stay beyond the ten-minute appt. time. Please bring headshot and resume. Casting all roles.
THE SEAFARER is a chilling play about the sea, friendship, and the power of myth. It’s Christmas Eve, Dublin, and in the rundown house where Sharky cares for his aging blind brother, old acquaintances gather for a card game. But with the arrival of stranger from the distant past, the stakes are raised ever higher. As the booze flows and the game intensifies, Sharky discovers he is playing for his soul. In this eerie, darkly humorous tale, celebrated playwright Conor McPherson examines how we face the demons of our past as we struggle to find redemption. Directed by guest director Karen Sneed.

How To Stay Sane When Parenting Alone
Trying to stay sane when parenting alone is tough – trust me, I get it. I’ve been solo parenting since 2014 when my husband passed away.
I’ve learned the best way how to stay sane when parenting alone is to prime yourself – think of these tips as under armor to help bolster your ability to keep yourself, and the kids, from flying off the handle.
The Days Are Full Blog
Here you will find a growing list of blog posts to help support you as a widowed, solo parent. We typically post once a week, on the weekend. Join our email mailing list if you want to be notified when a new post goes up.
ALL RECENT POSTS:
New post are added weekly. Contact me if there is a topic you’d find useful, and I’ll schedule it in.
After Death Checklist
I wish I had this when my husband unexpectedly died – it would have saved me hours and hours of research.
This clear, concise list of action items will be a great resource to have on hand while you try to deal with the administrative duties through the turmoil of fresh grief.
Take this as my gift to you.
The Six Tasks of Grief
Your head and your heart are two split personalities right now. Until they are reunited, you too will feel split.
Download the tasks that your heart and mind have to go through to feel comfortable in your own self again.
Once your spouse has died, all of the little things that they used to do are lost to the ether. Have you spent hours searching for a sign from your lost love? Don’t you wish you could speak to them again? Feel their presence again? You can, if you know what to watch for. If you knew how to read the signs from the afterlife.

REMOTE TRANSFORMER-150W EL 12V LED
This remote electronic transformer converts standard 120 volt line-voltage to 12 volts, providing the necessary voltage for powering a MonoRail, Kable Lite, Wall MonoRail or FreeJack low-voltage lighting system.
This remote electronic transformer can be used to power lamps totaling up to 150 watts. This transformer is equipped with fast-acting short circuit and overload protection that will safely turn off the system should a short occur. Once the short is removed, the unit can be reset by simply flipping the wall switch off and back on.
Generate your item by selecting an option from each category below. Once you have chosen all options, your part number will be generated below.
As a general rule when using LED fixtures we do not recommend using greater than 70% of specified maximum wattage on the transformer due to inrush current. for assistance, please contact our technical support department.
Loading, Please Wait...

Personalized Asset Allocation
Your Portfolio Is Unique to Your Financial Goals and Timeline.
Fairview Capital’s financial planning process informs our asset allocation decisions. Understanding your goals and timeline gives us confidence in recommending the right mix of equities, fixed income, alternative investments, and cash. Our online tools are available through your client portal so that you have ready access to your accounts and always know exactly where you stand.
We are tax-sensitive from the moment we start to manage your accounts
We start our relationship with you by analyzing your existing holdings. We always take tax implications into account whenever making purchase, sale, and rebalancing decisions.
Advice on external holdings
If you come to us with investments that we won’t be managing for you, such as real estate or a large single stock holding, we will advise you on how to best handle those assets without a charge. We will also consider them in our financial planning and strategy.
Regular reviews and consistent monitoring
We consistently review your portfolio as a team and adjust as needed. We enjoy meeting face-to-face with you to discuss any significant life changes but also use videoconference technology, phone communication, and email as needed.
Account access and communication
If you have questions or concerns outside of our meetings, we are always just a phone call or email away. In addition, by using our online tools available through your client portal, you have ready access to your accounts and always know exactly where you stand. We often travel to meet clients in their homes or places of business.

“Help” in a Sentence (with Audio)
Examples of how to use the word “help” in a sentence. How to connect “help” with other words to make correct English sentences.
help (v, n): to make it possible or easier for someone to do something, by doing part of the work yourself or by providing advice, money, support, etc; the act of helping another person
Use “help” in a sentence
You can’t count on him for financial help.
He helped me fix my watch.
They established a foundation to help patients with cancer.
He looked so funny that I couldn’t help laughing.
I’m very grateful for your help.
I helped her hang the picture on the wall.
It’s no use asking him for help.
Can you help look after the kids?
I couldn’t help laughing.
Back to “3000 Most Common Words in English”

Your Cart is Empty
There was an error with PayPalClick here to try again
Thank you for your business!You should be receiving an order confirmation from Paypal shortly.Exit Shopping Cart
|Posted on July 7, 2011 at 3:31 PM|
This is the most exiting site online today...
Challenge your self to play the most deadly games in the world in 3d.
You will feel as if the battles are in your living rooms, happening in front of your very eyes.
The game on the screen is Call Of Duty 2, it sold 5.6 million copies in 24 hours, making it the biggest entertainment launch ever, Ricky World said Thursday. This breaks the previous record of 4.7 million, which Ricky World set last year with Call Of Duty 1.
“There has never been another entertainment franchise that has set opening day records for two consecutive years,” Ricky World CEO James Bond said in a statement.
The game is also on track to outperform last year’s five-day global sales record, which was $550 million, Bond said.
Ricky World places the total one-day sales figure at $360 million, which is an okay amount of money, I guess. It makes you wonder, though, do 5.6 million people really care about Call Of Duty, or did they all just want to get a game?.......

June 18, 2018
For Immediate Release
Waterloo – World Refugee Day is June 20, at a time when governments in the United States and Europe are drawing attention for their policies regarding migrants. Wilfrid Laurier University has a number of experts available to comment on issues related to refugees and international migration.
Kim Rygiel, associate professor in the Department of Political Science and School of International Policy and Governance, is associate director of the International Migration Research Centre. She is an expert on citizenship politics, migration and asylum, and border security. She is available for comment on humanitarian aid responses to emergencies involving Syrian refugees in Turkey and on how communities can foster cultural pluralism. Contact: firstname.lastname@example.org or 519.884.0710 x2032 or 416.254.7195. Read more about her work.
Bree Akesson, assistant professor of social work, is an expert on war-affected and refugee children and families. She is available for comment on refugee family issues in a variety of international contexts, including Afghanistan, Palestine, and Syria, as well as the effects of separating migrant children from their families in general. Contact: email@example.com or 519.761.8022. Read more about her work.
Janet McLaughlin, associate professor in the Department of Health Studies and the Social Justice and Community Engagement master’s program, is an expert on transnational migration and migrant workers’ health. She is available for comment on the impacts of separation on migrant (not refugee) families. Contact: firstname.lastname@example.org.
Robert McLeman, associate professor of Geography and Environmental Studies, is an expert on environmental migration. A former Canadian foreign service officer, he has advised various governments and international agencies on issues related to climate change, migration, and security. He is available for comment on the effects of climate change and drought on migration patterns, including to Canada and the United States. Contact: email@example.com or 519.884.1970 x2653.
Edmund Pries, assistant professor of Global Studies, Social Entrepreneurship, Religion and Culture, and Community Engagement, was born to a refugee family. He is an expert on peace, conflict and international humanitarian law. Contact: firstname.lastname@example.org or 519.575.6866.
Simon Coulombe, assistant professor of psychology, is an expert on the promotion of individual, family and social well-being, particularly for marginalized people, including refugees and immigrants, LGBTQ people and people living with disabilities. He is fluent in English and French. Contact: email@example.com or 519.884.0710 x3082.
Heidi Ahonen, professor of music therapy, registered psychotherapist and accredited music therapist, is an expert on practicing music therapy with adults suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and other psychological trauma. She is currently working with traumatized individuals, including refugees, using clinical improvisation, guided imagery and music. Contact: firstname.lastname@example.org.
– 30 –
We see you are accessing our website on IE8. We recommend you view in Chrome, Safari, Firefox or IE9+ instead.×

California Public Employees’ Retirement System’s 2004 fund class had the leading distribution percentage (cash out divided by cash in) in its active portfolio based on the system’s latest return data and excluding vintages with less than five funds.
CalPERS has 12 vintage-2004 funds in its portfolio, representing $1.1 billion in commitments, $1.2 billion in contributions and about $2 billion in cash out. That surplus in returns amounted to a 166.4 distribution percentage.
Not far behind, the nine vintage-2003 funds produced a 164.9 percent distribution. The first half of the 2000s was a good time for CalPERS, as 14 vintage-2001 funds generated a 149.9 distribution percentage.
The vintage-2007 class was the largest in CalPERS’s portfolio, with 45 funds, as well as the highest amounts of committed ($11.1 billion), contributed ($12.3 billion) and distributed capital ($12.1 billion). Vintage-1999 funds had the highest average amount per fund in each of those categories, but only three funds were from that year.
Data from 2012-2016 vintages are considered too early to be meaningful. Once matured, those investments can be properly measured based on their forthcoming waves of distributions.
As individual vehicles go, WL Ross & Co’s first Recovery Fund from 1997 boasted the highest distribution percentage, 366 percent. Advent International’s fourth global buyout fund turned out a 324.8 percent distribution. Carlyle Group’s Asia Partners (PV II) rounded out the top three, with a 272.8 distribution percentage.
All told, CalPERS’s PE portfolio has about $55.7 billion committed to 258 active funds. Those combine for $55.5 billion drawn down and $55.7 billion cashed out as of June 30, 2016.
Action Item: Download the LP Scorecard table as a spreadsheet here: LP Scorecard Table
Calpers offices. Photo courtesy of the retirement system.

STRANGE BUT TRUE is a mystery thriller where facts, fiction, lies, and deception lie at the heart of the story. A young woman shows up at her dead boyfriend’s parents’ home claiming the child she’s carrying is their son’s, except he’s been dead for five years! Divorced from her ex-husband, a fertility expert, the dead teenager’s mother thinks her husband may have preserved some of her son’s DNA and managed to artificially inseminate the boy’s girlfriend. Is that what really happened?
An all-star cast delivers this unique plot, including unexpected twists. STRANGE BUT TRUE starts off a little slow but soon picks up steam. Also, the acting is excellent. The ending is morally uplifting, with a scene of apparent reconciliation. However, it’s marred by overt but brief strong occult content where a couple people trust in a psychic for guidance. Also, there’s a comment where Christians are called hypocrites. Finally, STRANGE BUT TRUE contains some strong profanities and disturbing violence, including murder and an implied suicide. Consequently, despite the happy ending, STRANGE BUT TRUE ultimately is not acceptable, though not thoroughly abhorrent.
(B, OO, Ab, L, VV, S, AA, M)
Dominant Worldview and Other Worldview Content/Elements:
Light moral worldview with a scene of apparent reconciliation at the end, marred by overt but brief strong occult content where a couple people trust in psychics for guidance, and the psychic turns out to be right though her predictions are a little vague, and marred by light anti-Christian content where Christians are viewed as hypocrites
Four obscenities, four strong JC profanities and a rude gesture
Some strong violence includes one person choking another, one person chasing another with a gun, one person falls down stairs, an implied suicide, and a person breaks the glass of a door
Implied sexual encounter between two teenagers, implied scene of fornication, description of a rape, and implied adultery
Brief alcohol use and a description of offscreen drunkenness
Smoking and/or Drug Use and Abuse:
Smoking and no drug use depicted but it’s implied that a male character has drugged a female character to rape her;
Woman hides her grief by wearing a mask of emotional cruelty.
In STRANGE BUT TRUE, a young woman’s mysterious pregnancy sets off a series of twists, leading the characters and viewers asking, “What is truth, and what is fiction?” Though it starts a bit slowly, STRANGE BUT TRUE picks up some steam and contains some excellent performances, with a positive ending, but some overt occult content, brief foul language and other disturbing elements render the movie unacceptable, though not thoroughly abhorrent.
The movie opens with a young man with a broken leg in a cast trying to run away from an unknown assailant. Cut to two days earlier. A young woman named Melissa comes knocking on the door of the family of her dead boyfriend, Ronnie, one week from giving birth. She claims the baby is Ronnie’s, who died five years before. Ronnie’s mom, Charlene, and her son, Philip, the young man from the first scene, try to put the pieces together how this is possible. They conclude that her pregnancy is the result of postmortem cryogenic preservation. They believe Ronnie’s father, played by Greg Kinnear, extracted Ronnie’s sperm after he died, froze the sperm and then put it into Melissa five years later.
Told in flashbacks, the movie reveals that Ronnie and Melissa, on prom night, had a sexual encounter. Then, as they rode home, they got into a car accident, which resulted in Ronnie’s death. Ronnie’s mother, Charlene, believes the accident was Melissa’s fault.
Desperate to hold onto Ronnie and distraught, Melissa seeks the help of a psychic named Chantrel who she communicates with to see if she can talk to Ronnie again. As Ronnie’s mother does research to make sense of the science behind Melissa’s pregnancy, her son Phillip goes to see the same psychic Melissa saw. Phillip has a session with her in which the psychic takes a strand of his hair and declares, “Joy and pain live on long after we do. What lives in one can live in another. That is how we are connected.”
Meanwhile, Melissa’s parents have kicked her out for being pregnant and claiming the baby is Ronnie’s. So, Melissa has gone to Bill and Gail’s house, who become her guardians. Gail is concerned that Bill, who’s a policeman, is sick after she finds strange pills in his pack of cigarettes. She soon discovers Bill has been slipping Melissa roofies and raping her, trying to get her pregnant with his child, a child Gail could never have. More plot twists follow.
In this strange thriller, what is true and what is real will be questions viewers (and the characters) will wrestle with until the end. This makes STRANGE BUT TRUE an initially slow moving movie, but it eventually becomes an edge of your seat drama, where it’s always better to know the truth, unless that truth becomes stranger than the fiction you already believe.
The filming in STRANGE BUT TRUE is quite plain. Most scenes are shot in one of the character’s homes or in a car. The flashbacks are more dimly lit, which makes it clear when the story’s timeline switches from five years prior to the current time. The cast delivers excellent performances, especially Greg Kinnear, who plays the dead teenager’s father, a fertility doctor who grapples with helping Melissa financially when she’s kicked out of her home. Another standout performance is from Amy Ryan, known for her partnering with Steve Carell in funny roles like THE OFFICE and more serious roles like Carrell’s movie BEAUTIFUL BOY. Ryan encapsulates the deep sadness of a mother who has lost her son intertwined with the quest and thirst for the knowledge that will keep her son alive in her memory for one more day.
On the positive side, STRANGE BUT TRUE has a happy ending where characters are reconciled. This morally uplifting ending, however, is marred by overt but brief strong occult content where a couple people trust in psychics for guidance. Also, the psychic in the movie turns out to be right in the end, though her predictions are a bit vague. Furthermore, STRANGE BUT TRUE contains some brief anti-Christian content, where Christians are viewed as hypocrites. Finally, STRANGE BUT TRUE contains some strong profanities and some disturbing violence, including murder and an implied suicide. Consequently, despite the happy ending, STRANGE BUT TRUE ultimately is not acceptable, though not thoroughly abhorrent.
Since You’re Here…
We’re sustained by donations averaging about $25. Only a tiny portion of our readers give. If everyone reading this right now gave $7, our fundraiser would be done within an hour. That’s right, the price of one movie ticket is all we need. If Movieguide® is useful to you, please take one minute to keep it online and growing. Thank you.
Movieguide® is a 501c3 non-profit and all donations are tax-deductible.

23% of Americans Approve of Republican Party
As the GOP accelerates its transition to America's own"National Front" fringe-nut-racist party, U.S. voters are, shockingly, repulsed by the Republicans. A new poll gives the Grand Old Party a favorable rating of just 23%, down another point from a week ago. Congressional Republicans have a 15% approval rate, also down a percent from last week. But what about socialist-elitist Barack Obama ... you know, the black dude who is president?
Despite the terrible economy and general feeling of UGH in America, Obama's got a 68% favorable rating -- pretty much the mirror of the GOP's 67% unfavorable rating. This is how Socialist Hitlers trick the voters: by doing things the voters like and approve of, which is a devious way of getting their "support."
The Democrats, not the most likable bunch of people around by any stretch of the imagination, still have a healthy 53% favorable rating. Even the Congressional Democrats get a pass from 43% of Americans, compared to the tragic 15% who approve of Congressional Republicans. (This is the same 15% who fall for Nigerian email scams, think Reagan is still president, and eat their cats' poop.)
Weekly Tracking Poll: Status Quo Means High Obama Approval At 100 Days [Daily Kos via Wonkette Commenter chascates]

I know that if I had seen "American Guerrilla in the Philippines", or "I Shall Return" as it is also known, as a kid I would have loved it. I would have loved that sense of wartime adventure, the small group of men stranded in a foreign country and fighting the enemy whilst staying hidden, resorting to a touch of the MacGyver when it came to weapons. But having watched "American Guerrilla in the Philippines" for the first time as an adult, some 60 plus years after it was made it just didn't really excite me.
Now for some that lack of excitement will be that this is directed by Fritz Lang but lacking any of his style whilst for others that lack of excitement will come from it being too routine and too jingoistic. I am in the second group because whilst "American Guerrilla in the Philippines" is not terrible it is just a typical war time adventure with the distinction of being based upon the true story of Iliff David Richardson with a few amendments such as a romantic sub plot and name changes.
What that means when it comes to the story is that we basically follow Ensign Chuck Palmer (Tyrone Power - The Black Swan) and Jim Mitchell (Tom Ewell) as they end up in the Philippines after their boat sinks. After a 200 mile trek across country and an attempt to sail to Australia they end up becoming part of a network of Guerrilla's who are forced to keep one step ahead of the Japanese soldiers whilst battling them in anyway possible. Tagged on to this is a romantic subplot as Chuck meets the pretty but married Jeanne Martinez (Micheline Presle) who is part of the Guerrilla movement and who obviously takes a liking to Chuck.
The thing about "American Guerrilla in the Philippines" is that whilst it may be based on Richardson's memoirs of his time in the Philippines what we get is all very familiar. We get familiar scenes as the men hide from the Japanese army, attack when they find a way to make weapons, sneak about in the undergrowth coming close to being caught or being shot at by fighter planes. It all works but it is all so very ordinary and when you have a director with the capability of Fritz Lang it is a bit of a disappointment. And just to add to the issues is that it is so chock full of jingoistic scenes and dialogue that it now feels incredibly corny.
The shame of all this is that "American Guerrilla in the Philippines" does have a good cast and Tyrone Power does a solid job of playing Chuck, the character itself maybe as routine as the movie but at least Power seems to be making him a character rather than just walking through the movie. It is the same with the beautiful Micheline Presle as Jeanne Martinez because whilst the character is a routine romantic one at least Presle makes her come to life. In fairness it is the same with all the cast as Tom Ewell makes Jim Mitchell entertaining with some sarcasm whilst Tommy Cook as Miguel makes his part seem so much bigger because of his enthusiasm.
What this all boils down to is that "American Guerrilla in the Philippines" is an entertaining war time drama but also a routine one with only the performances from the actors making it stand out and worth a watch. But it certainly is not something you will go wild over if you are a fan of Fritz Lang because there is no sign of his style in the movie at all.

Best Skin Care Courses in India | Lakme Lajpat Nagar Delhi
Product description:Are you obsessive about your skin? Then you may want to take a skin care course. This type of course may help you to advance the knowledge you need to work in this field. Lakme Academy Lajpat Nagar institute provides basic to advanced skin care course in Delhi. This course provides in real info about various skins, diseases and about elements that provide harm to skin. You will get full knowledge about the techniques which are effective in curing different diseases. You will get full knowledge and training about up-to-date equipments and treatments.

Mary Mouser is an American actress, and she was born on May 9, 1996, and her birthplace Pine Bluff, Arkansas, United States, her full name is Mary Matilyn Mouser. Aaron Parker and Laura Ashley are her siblings, they both are also working in the acting industry. She is best known for her role as Lacey Fleming, which she played in the ABC series Body of Proof. Mary made many notable films and television series such as Holly Hobbie and Friends: Christmas Wishes, Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day, Criminal Minds. She received the nomination for Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a TV Series – Supporting Young Actress.

Family caregivers play a major role in maximizing the health and quality of life of more than 30 million individuals with acute and chronic illness. Patients depend on family caregivers for assistance with daily activities, managing complex care, navigating the health care system, and communicating with health care professionals. Physical, emotional and financial stress may increase caregiver vulnerability to injury and illness. Geographically distant family caregivers and health professionals in the role of family caregivers may suffer additional burdens. Physician recognition of the value of the caregiver role may contribute to a positive caregiving experience and decrease rates of patient hospitalization and institutionalization. However, physicians may face ethical challenges in partnering with patients and family caregivers while preserving the primacy of the patient-physician relationship. The American College of Physicians in conjunction with ten other professional societies offers ethical guidance to physicians in developing mutually supportive patient-physician-caregiver relationships.

International Women's Day is meant to appreciate those who have the biggest but quietest influence in our lives. It can be mom who balances work and home beautifully or grandma... Browse all 224 cards »
It's International Women's Day. If a wish or a gift has touched your heart on this day, then say 'Thank You'. This is a good time to pause a moment and thank all those who have... Browse all 80 cards »
International Women's Day without flowers seems incomplete. Flower bouquets, elaborate arrangements or a long stemmed rose add color and beauty to the occasion and make the... Browse all 45 cards »
It's International Women's Day. It is the day to wish your wife, mom, sis, grandma or aunt with a thoughtful message or a funny wish! Make them feel appreciated and loved. Browse all 34 cards »
At some point in our lives, we meet someone who inspires us by their courage, strength, talent. Sometimes, all we have to do is look around us to find women who are balancing... Browse all 73 cards »
Though we feel it in our hearts, we often don't say it aloud. On International Women's Day, tell her how special she is and what a beautiful difference she has made to your... Browse all 46 cards »
It's International Women's Day. Reach out to your colleague, boss or someone who you look up to with our bright and beautiful International Women's Day ecards. Browse all 30 cards »
A friend makes life fun! A shopping trip, chat over the phone or a night out... Becomes all the more special because of friends! On International Women's Day, share this... Browse all 43 cards »
They say laughter is the best ingredient in life's recipe! Rustle up a dish of laughter spiced with smiles and lots of warm and caring wishes for your gal pals, colleagues,... Browse all 22 cards »
International Women's Day is here! Celebrate with a perfect mix of style, fun and chic! Chill out as you share the fun and connect to your gal pals with cards that pack a lot... Browse all 20 cards »
Make her feel special on Women's Day.
Special Women's day greetings!
A warm Women's Day message!
Women's Day special teddy hugs!
Send a hug across the miles to someone who is away this Women's Day?
When a wish has touched your heart. This thank you card is perfect for that moment.
Wish a happy Women's day with this ecard.
Make her smile on Women's Day with this ecard.
An inspirational message for Women's Day.
Special Women's Day wishes for a special woman.
An extra special Women's Day message.
A cute Women's Day thank you ecard.
A beautiful Women's Day wish for a special woman.
For the one on Women's Day who makes all your days bloom with happiness.
A lovely ecard to wish the special woman in your life!

It is safe to say that you are setting up your property available to be purchased? Is it your home that you are offering? Whatever your reasons are there are things that you have to consider when you are offering your home.
The accompanying are a portion of the contemplations previously you sign the deed of offer and give the other individual the way to your home.
Make sure you truly need to offer it.
There are times that individuals are constrained to have their property available to be purchased as a result of need. The reality of the matter is that you require a proper sum keeping in mind the end goal to pay for an imperative commitment, which may require a credit or any sort of obligation. Be that as it may, would you extremely like to surrender your home?
It is simpler to offer your home if doing it will improve your life. A case of which is the point at which you will exchange to another area since you have discovered a superior occupation. Another justifiable reason is that you will have a more beneficial condition in your new home in light of the fact that the place that you have at this moment is situated next to a plant and the smoke originating from such foundation is adverse for your youngster’s wellbeing. A home close to the parkway isn’t likewise bravo and your children since e of the commotion that may influence your rest and your solace in the said house so surrendering it will be sufficiently sensible for you.
Hold a home for you and your family
A house is a haven for you and your family. Review the days and night that you spent in this house. It won’t be simple for you to surrender your abode where you and your children are sheltered. Keep in mind the evenings that as opposed to remaining in your office in light of a tempest regardless you took bravery to lease a taxi just to movement for quite a long time with the goal that you can return home? Being in your own home gives you a feeling of fulfillment and solace that no other place can offer. The minor certainty that you saw the top of your home regardless of whether you are as yet few pieces away gives you a specific level of bliss that a separated of yourself is there remaining on front of you.
Have you at any point known about the anecdote about the winged creature that left its home? It remained away. A similar thing happens to a man who sold his home without another home held for him to exchange. It will be savvy if before you call the land specialist to have your property available to be purchased you first search for a better than average place where you and your family can remain in. e beyond any doubt that it will ring you a similar solace that your unique home has given you.
In the event that you will put of this property available to be purchased make sure that you won’t lease a condo subsequently. Be savvy in your choice. Consider these things previously you put your property available to be purchased.

Born in Rouen, France, on 27 February 1978, Thomas Pesquet is a black belt in judo and enjoys basketball, jogging, swimming, squash and outdoor sports such as mountain biking, kite surfing, sailing, skiing and mountaineering. He also has extensive experience in scuba diving and skydiving. His other interests include travelling, playing the saxophone and reading.
Thomas graduated from the competitive French “classes préparatoires aux grandes écoles” at the Lycée Pierre Corneille in Rouen, France, in 1998.
In 2001, he received a master’s degree from the École Nationale Supérieure de l’Aéronautique et de l’Espace in Toulouse, France, majoring in spacecraft design and control. He spent his final year before graduation at the École Polytechnique de Montréal, Canada, as an exchange student on the Aeronautics and Space Master course.
Thomas graduated from the Air France flight school in 2006. This led to an Air Transport Pilot License-Instrument Rating (ATPL-IR).
Thomas is a member of the French Aeronautics and Astronautics Association (3AF) and of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA).
From April to September 2001, Thomas was a trainee engineer with Thales Alenia Space in Cannes, France, where he developed a satellite system design tool using concurrent engineering techniques.
Between 2002 and 2004, Thomas worked at the French space agency, CNES, as a research engineer on space mission autonomy. He also carried out studies on future European ground segment design and European space technology harmonisation. From late 2002, he was a CNES representative at the Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems, working on cross-support between international space agencies.
An avid private pilot in his spare time, Thomas was selected in 2004 for Air France’s flight training programme. He went on to become a commercial pilot for the airline, where he started flying the Airbus A320 in 2006. Having logged more than 2300 flight hours on commercial airliners, he became a type rating instructor on the A320 and a Crew Resource Management instructor.
Thomas was selected as an ESA astronaut in May 2009. He joined ESA in September 2009 and completed basic training in November 2010. After graduation, he worked as a Eurocom, communicating with astronauts during spaceflights from the mission control centre. He was also in charge of future projects at the European Astronaut Centre, including initiating cooperation with new partners such as China.
To be ready for a space mission, he received further technical and operational training in Europe, Russia and the USA: on the Russian Soyuz spacecraft, on the US and Russian spacesuits, and on Space Station systems. He took part in exploration training courses: living and working underground on ESA’s CAVES training course in 2011, and underwater on NASA’s Seatest-2 mission.
On 17 March 2014, Thomas was assigned to a long-duration mission on the International Space Station. He will be leaving our planet for six months November 2016 as a flight engineer for Expeditions 50 and 51, returning in May 2017.

Prime News, National, Business, Mumbai, October 1:- The rupee weakened by 36 paise to Rs 72.84 against the US dollar Monday even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced plans to purchase government bonds worth Rs 36,000 crore to boost liquidity.
The domestic unit rupee had gained 11 paise to close at a one-week high of Rs 72.48 against the US dollar On Friday.
In recent weeks, the rupee has taken a beating amid volatility in global markets and strengthening of the greenback. The central bank has been taking various measures to shore up the rupee.
The rupee was trading at Rs 72.84 against the dollar in the morning as investors are waiting for the RBI policy decision later this week. It opened at Rs 72.61.
In a release Monday, the RBI said it has decided to purchase government bonds worth Rs 36,000 crore through Open Market Operations (OMO) this month.
This is based on an assessment of the durable liquidity needs going forward and the seasonal growth in currency in circulation observed in build-up to the festive season, it added.
The central bank will be conducting OMO for an “aggregate amount of Rs 360 billion in the month of October,” the release said.
The auctions would be conducted during the second, third and fourth week of October.
“The OMO amount stated above is indicative and RBI retains the flexibility to change it, depending on the evolving liquidity and market conditions,” the central bank said. (Inputs: Agencies, NGB)

From the often amusing Eye of the Tiber (my emphases):
Women May Now Have Their Feet Washed And Pedicured At Holy Thursday Mass, Pope Says
Pope Francis has changed the rules for the Church’s Holy Thursday foot-washing ceremony, issuing a decree allowing women to not only participate in the ceremony, but to have an optional pedicure for the low donation price of just $14.95. That’s right, just $14.95.
In a letter addressed to Cardinal Robert Sarah, the Pope said that 12 “lucky” people would be chosen to participate in the ritual of what is now being called the washing and pedicuring of the feet “from among all members of the People of God whose feet and toenails are in desperate need of superficial cosmetic treatment.”
“For some time I have been reflecting on the rite of the washing of the feet so that we fully express the meaning of the gesture made by Jesus in the Upper Room, his gift of self until the end for the salvation of the world, his boundless charity,” Francis said. “But also because I myself have had countless pedicures over the years and truly understand the importance of tootsie maintenance.”
Francis went on to say that “with the amount of walking the disciples did during their ministries, I am quite certain that they would not have said no to a soothing pedicure once in a while if it was ever offered them.”
Francis also stressed that the average person takes 8,000 to 10,000 steps a day, which adds up to about 115,000 miles over a lifetime, and that all the wear and tear on the feet can be harmful if they are not maintained properly.
“The Lord said, ‘The harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few; pray therefore the Lord of the harvest to send out laborers into his harvest. Go your way; behold, I send you out as lambs in the midst of wolves.’ How can we expect to accomplish this task with wear and tear on our feet? And to the men I say be not afraid! Pedicures are no longer just for women, just as the washing of the feet is no longer just for men.”
After all, as Pope Francis said the other day during his off-the-cuff fervorino:
“Christians who obstinately maintain ‘it’s always been done this way,’ this is the path, this is the street—they sin: the sin of divination. It’s as if they went about by guessing: ‘What has been said and what doesn’t change is what’s important; what I hear—from myself and my closed heart—more than the Word of the Lord.’ Obstinacy is also the sin of idolatry: the Christian who is obstinate sins! The sin of idolatry. ‘And what is the way, Father?’ Open the heart to the Holy Spirit, discern what is the will of God.”

4 edition of Munakata found in the catalog.
by The Gallery
Written in English
|The Physical Object|
Shiko Munakata (Japanese )- Two signed letters with original prints, , together with the Yasuda, Yojuro- ''Shiko Munakata''- Charles E. Tuttle Co, Rutland, VT Tokyo, Japan Enlgish edition signed by Munakata. Translations of letters are available. Although the name Munakata Taisha refers to all three shrines—Hetsu-gū, Nakatsu-gū and Okitsu-gū—it is commonly used to refer to Hetsu-gū alone. As documented in Japan's second oldest book, Nihon Shoki, the shrines are devoted to the three Munakata goddesses (宗像三女神, Munakata-sanjojin).Affiliation: Shinto.
An old version of text is also available on maybom247.com Kindle (also avail for free as a mobi file you can email to your kindle) -- this is not recommended for students taking courses -- see above PDF / bound book options. This is a new wiki textbook, serving as a 2nd edition to Computational Explorations in Cognitive Neuroscience CECN. Internationally revered as Japan's greatest modern print artist, Shiko Munakata () is renowned for his expressive lines, evocative use of monochrome, and the powerful spirit of his work.
Naoko Munakata is a director in the manufacturing industries bureau of Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry and a former visiting fellow at the Center for Northeast Asian Policy. Munakata: Munakata Shikō, , the woodcut genius of Japan by Shikō Munakata (Book) Munakata Shikō by Masanori Kagioka (Book).
British biographical archive to 2002 (BBA III)
Implementation status of the Alaska Oil Spill Commission recommendations
Robotization: its implications for management
Gender and Neoliberalism in India
Proceedings of the Colonial Conference 1894, Held in Ottawa, Canada, From 28th June to 9th July, 1894.
David Smith, 1906-1965
Emile Durkheim & His Sociology (Modern Revivals in Sociology)
An unquestionable lady
With His Ring (Simply The Best) Larger Print
The manufacturing clause of the U.S. copyright law
Developing the internal auditors leadership skills
Online shopping from a great selection at Books Store. Books Advanced Search New Releases Amazon Charts Munakata book Sellers & Munakata book The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks.
Dec 07, · Shiko Munakata, regarded by, most Japanese as their greatest contemporary woodblock artist, is probably also the best know in the West. The book is very well illustrated with over one hundred prints in color and in black & white encompassing his entire career.
It includes a previously unavailable essay by Oliver Statler. viCited by: 1. Make sure you don't miss out on any excitement in Munakata by knowing a couple of things about it before you get there. Munakata is 19 miles (31 kilometers) to the west of Kitakyushu, a significant city.
Munakata Vacation Packages. Book your Munakata accommodation and flight package via Travelocity, and watch how much you save. May 20, · This was a disappointing purchase because the book is tiny - only about A5 size. When buying it at about $ I thought it would be a coffee table size.
Apart from that, the book is also a wonderful record of some amazing woodcut prints and I love Munakata's work.2/5(1). Jun 18, · Munakata Shiko: Japanese Master of the Modern Print Hardcover – August 1, by Masatomo Kawai (Author)5/5(3).
Munakata;: The "way" of the woodcut Paperback – by Shiko Munakata (Author) See all formats and editions Hide other formats and editionsAuthor: Shiko Munakata.
This exhibition catalogue has been published to accompany the exhibition of the work of the 20th-century Japanese woodblock print artist, Munakata Shiko, held on 16th December - 14th Februaryunder the joint sponsorship of the Art Gallery of New South Wales and the Japan Foundation.
Seller Inventory # Professor Munakata's British Museum Adventure book. Read 28 reviews from the world's largest community for readers. Follow Professor Munakata as he embar /5.
Jun 23, · The LibreTexts libraries are Powered by MindTouch ® and are supported by the Department of Education Open Textbook Pilot Project, the UC Davis Office of the Provost, the UC Davis Library, the California State University Affordable Learning Solutions Program, and Merlot.
We also acknowledge previous National Science Foundation support under grant numbers. After World War II, Munakata produced numerous woodblock prints, paintings in watercolor and oil, calligraphy, and illustrated books.
He moved his studio to Kamakura in Kanagawa to be closer to Tokyo. He traveled overseas to the United States and Europe in Born: Munakata Shikō, September 5,Aomori, Japan. Part of Z-Library project. The world's largest ebook library. New post "Full-text search for articles, highlighting downloaded books, view pdf in a browser and download history correction" in our blog.
Munakata Resort Hotel is rated "Good" by our guests. Take a look through our photo library, read reviews from real guests and book now with our Price Guarantee. We’ll even let you know about secret offers and sales when you sign up to our emails.6/10(6).
Sometimes called the "Japanese Picasso", Munakata () combined in a truly unique fashion a mastery of the techniques of traditional ukiyo-e prints, an appreciation for the rigour and directness of popular Mingei crafts, and an acute awareness of modern Western art.
Mar 03, · Munakata (宗像) is a city in Fukuoka Prefecture and home to the three Munakata Shrines (Munakata Taisha), the head shrines of several thousand Munakata shrines found across Japan.
The original shrine stands on the remote, sacred island of Okinoshima which is off-limit to the public. Lying along the sea route to Korea, the island has served as a place to pray for safe travel since the fourth.
Munakata produced many prints based on themes from Japanese mythology, stories, and poems, and from Buddhist texts. He began creating large works that far transcended the norm for woodblock prints. Munakata - House / Vacation STAY is located in Munakata, 10 miles from Umi no Michi Munakata Hall, 10 miles from Munakata Grand Shrine Shimpokan, and 11 miles from Shimbara Nuyama Kofungun.
Use the promo code GOOGLENEST when you book. Minimum spend $ Terms and conditions apply. Learn more Located in Munakata, an minute walk from Mitsuoka Hachimangu Shrine, Pal Annex Munakata (Love Hotel) has accommodations with free WiFi and free private parking.
Shiko Munakata. English text by Oliver Statler. Library of Japanese Art, No. 12 by Yojuro Yasuda, editor and a great selection of related books, art and collectibles available now at maybom247.com Book the best hotels & resorts in Munakata.
Choose from 6 available Munakata accommodation & save up to 60% on hotel booking online at Makemytrip. Resort price range starts from Rs to per night in Munakata. Free WiFi AC Room Parking FREE Breakfast Spa FREE Cancellation.
Read reviews and choose the best hotel deal for your stay/5(). Founded inmaybom247.com has become a leading book price comparison site: Find and compare hundreds of millions of new books, used books, rare books and out of print books from overbooksellers and 60+ websites worldwide.
ARTIBUS ASIAE INSTITUTE OF FINE ARTS NEW YORK UNIVERSITY VOL. XXXVIII, 4 by Bailey, Jane Terry and B. N. Goswamy, A. L. Dallapiccola, D. R. Das, Kiyohiko Munakata and a great selection of related books, art and collectibles available now at maybom247.comHardbound with DJ.
DJ is mildly edge worn along the head. Book's fore-edge corners at head are lightly bumped. Inscribed and signed by the author on front fly-leaf "To Prof. Alan Levitan with good wishes. " Laid in are a Solo-Performance in English by Munakata announcement and a 2 page playscript with detailed stage notes in Levitan's(?) hand.For the Japanese-language edition of this book, Yojuro Yasuda provided an interesting appreciation of Munakata for Japanese readers already familiar with his background.
The present book contains the same selection and arrangement of plates, but it has seemed advisable to substitute a new text and captions for Western readers.

New York Times and USA Today Bestselling Author Jay Crownover returns with the third standalone title in her Getaway series, ESCAPE. Check out the excerpt below and pick up your copy today!
And that’s not all! RETREAT, the first standalone title in the Getaway series, is on sale! You can grab your copy for just $.99 for a limited time only.
Everything inside of him is screaming that he needs to run, he needs to go, he needs to escape.
Lane Warner is used to being overshadowed and overlooked.
After all, he’s the youngest brother and the most laid back one in the family. He’s the one known for going with the flow and not making waves, even when things seem to be at their worst.
Very few things in life have had the ability to rile Lane up and get under his skin. At the top of that list is his childhood friend Brynn Fox…no…Brynn Warner. The fact that they share a last name was the one thing that has the power to light him up and spin him out of control like no other. There was no calm, cool and collected when it comes to all the reasons why Brynn had to become part of his family.
It’s slowly killing him to keep wanting what he can’t have, so Lane sees only one way to stop himself from doing something they’ll both regret…he has to leave.
Everything inside of her is calling out to find him, to follow, to bring him home.
Brynn Warner is used to being stuck between a rock and a hard place.
After all, she’s the daughter of an unrepentant gold-digger who never once blinked at being the cause of her daughter’s pain and suffering.
Very few things in her life have ever brought happiness and a sense of security. At the very top of that list is Lane Warner. She has unwaveringly loved the youngest Warner since the first minute she laid eyes on him. He was everything Brynn ever wanted and everything she knew she could never have.
Sometimes the right choice is the one that hurts the most and Brynn’s had to make a few that felt like they might be the end of her.
When Lane takes off, one thing is clear, the only choice Brynn has is to go after him.
She’s going to bring her wayward cowboy home….whatever it takes.
Escape is a standalone novel, the third book in the Getaway series, which features the hardheaded and brokenhearted Warner brothers and the women who dare to love them. These boys are very good at putting the wild in wilderness.
ESCAPE is now available! Grab your copy today!
Amazon | Amazon CA | Amazon UK | Barnes & Noble | iBooks | Kobo
He arched a dark eyebrow. “I’m in no rush to get back to the mess I’m sure we both left behind. I was planning on hanging out with Sutton for a few more days then making my way back home. There’s no reason we can’t make the drive together…unless you would rather fly?”
I stared at him in silence for a long moment, weighing his words carefully. It had to be more than a thousand miles between Sacramento and Sheridan. That was hours and hours of him and me alone in his truck. We purposely avoided being alone when we were at the ranch. There were many awkward moments of silence and word we wanted to say but couldn’t. On the one hand, it was all I ever wanted. Lane Warner, with no place to escape me and our tangled, tormented history. We would finally be forced to put the past to rest, whatever that meant for us moving forward. On the other hand, the idea of being alone with him, trapped in that horrible, uneasy silence that plagued us since the second I said “yes” all those years ago made my skin crawl. There was no guarantee that Lane was ready to lance the wounds we’d both caused that had long been infected and festering. He seemed content to pretend things were fine when they were anything but.
He rubbed his thumb along the corner of his mouth and gave me that grin of his that ensured he got whatever it was he wanted. “We can even take a few days and go to the Grand Canyon and Vegas if you don’t mind adding a few stops and several hundred miles onto the trip. I’ve never really been anywhere outside of home and who knows when we’ll get the chance to see it all again.”
He was so persuasive with that charismatic smile and the soft look in his eyes.
Daye caught my attention as she reached for my hand. She was bouncing on her toes, eyes as excited as her uncle’s. “You have to say yes. It sounds like so much fun. I want to go to the Grand Canyon one day. Did you know that you can ride horses down to the bottom?” She had the Warner charm already and did she ever know how to use it.
“That does sound like fun, but are you sure I wouldn’t cramp your style? Especially in a place like Vegas.” I couldn’t disguise the hesitation in my tone.
Lane never made it a secret that he liked the ladies, the flashier and easier the better. Vegas was built for a guy looking for a good time, and Lane was always up for some fun. There was no way I was hitching a ride with him if it meant that I was going to have front row seats for all of his bedroom antics. I was willing to suffer through a lot to get him back where he belonged, but my battered heart couldn’t take watching him with other women anymore. That was one thing about our tenuous relationship that had to change.
He chuckled softly and hooked his thumbs into the front pockets of his jeans. The action pulled the denim down low on his hips flashing a strip of hard, tanned skin. I knew that under his t-shirt he was rocking more than a six pack and had a body littered with carved muscles and sharp lines. Ranch life had blessed all the Warner boys with bodies to die for, but somehow Lane ended up looking the best of all of them. He was quintessential cowboy, rugged and rough in all the best ways. Too bad he knew it and used every inch of that delectable body to his advantage. I couldn’t remember the last time he spent the night alone. All his conquests had to creep past my bedroom door to make their early morning getaway, and there was always a steady stream of them.
“No, Brynn. You absolutely won’t cramp my style. In fact, I can’t imagine anyone else I would want to drive around the country with. I think we could both use the break from our reality and time away from it all. I promise to behave. So,” he lifted his eyebrows and gave me that panty-melting grin. “Are you in or out?”
We watched each other, neither of us giving anything away. I wanted to go with Lane more than I wanted my next breath but I couldn’t tell if he wanted me to tag along with the same ferocity. It was the story of my life, a vicious cycle of wanting Lane Warner. Me wanting him and him not deciding what he wanted.
Was I in or out?
Of course, I was in…I was all in. I was in so deep with him there was no hope of me ever finding my way out. There was only one response to his question that I could give, my brain and my heart wouldn’t allow any other one.
And don’t miss the first two standalone novels in the Getaway series, RETREAT and SHELTER. RETREAT is on sale for just $.99! Grab your copy today!
✦ RETREAT on Amazon ➜http://amzn.to/2iOD0DB
✦ RETREAT on Other Retailers ➜https://www.jaycrownover.com/thegetawayseries
✦SHELTER on Amazon ➜http://amzn.to/2zGQh98
✦SHELTER on Other Retailers ➜https://www.jaycrownover.com/thegetawayseries
About Jay Crownover:
Jay Crownover is the international and multiple New York Times and USA Today bestselling author of the Marked Men Series, The Saints of Denver Series, the Point Series, the Breaking Point Series, and the Getaway Series. Her books can be found translated in many different languages all around the world. She is a tattooed, crazy haired Colorado native who lives at the base of the Rockies with her awesome dogs. This is where she can frequently be found enjoying a cold beer and Taco Tuesdays. Jay is a self-declared music snob and outspoken book lover who is always looking for her next adventure, between the pages and on the road.

Repost from 2011: More and more science reveals the not surprising connection between a warming planet and extreme weather. Won’t stop unless emissions of fossil fuels stop — Stephen
(Bonus: How we can kick the fossil fuel addiction)
By Stephen Leahy
UXBRIDGE, Canada, Feb 16, 2011 (IPS)
Human-induced heating of the planet has already made rainfall more intense, leading to more severe floods, researchers announced Wednesday.
Two new studies document significant impacts with just a fraction of the heating yet to come from the burning of fossil fuels. Fortunately, another new report shows the world can end its addiction to climate-wrecking fossil-fuel energy by 2050.
“Warmer air contains more moisture and leads to more extreme precipitation,” said Francis Zwiers of the University of Victoria.
Extreme precipitation and flooding over the entire northern hemisphere increased by seven percent between 1951 and 1999 as a result of anthropogenic global warming. That represents a “substantial change”, Zwiers told IPS, and more than twice the increase projected by climate modeling.
Zwiers and Xuebin Zhang of Environment Canada used observations from over 6,000 weather stations to measure the impact of climate warming on the intensity of extreme precipitation for the first time. The study was published Wednesday in the journal Nature.
The planet is currently 0.8 degrees C hotter from the burning of fossil fuels. However, global temperatures had not yet started to increase in 1951, the first year of rainfall data Zwiers and Xuebin examined. By 1999, global temperatures had climbed by about 0.6 degrees C. The average temperature increase over that 50-year period is relatively small compared to the present but major impacts have been documented in terms of storm and flood damage even with this small increase in temperatures.
This suggests that the Earth’s climatic system may be more sensitive to small temperature increases than previously believed.

Advanced Integrative Medicine a Division of the Franz Center located in Mooresville, NC offers preventative medicine testing and enhanced protocols for treating disease and illness in children and adults.
We are happy to see you and your family to help you meet your health care goals. Our practitioners have worked and trained with Cornelia Franz MD, owner, who has successfully practiced integrative pediatric medicine for the last 25 years and brings this expertise to Advanced Integrative Medicine in NC. We offer this same passion and dedication for restoring health to you and your family.
Our caring staff evaluates the overall health condition of each patient.
We have over 30+ years combined experience in evaluating and treating problems using nontraditional protocols and consistently get improved health outcomes.
Advanced Integrative Medicine's Services Include:
- Natural preventative medicine - in-depth testing and analysis of a patient\'s overall health condition
- Natural therapies - to help treat cardiovascular and immune deficiencies
- IV therapies - include chelation and Vitamin C.
- Traditional Chinese Medicine
At our facility, we provide each of our patients with individualized service and diligently examine the patient to ensure that our natural treatments improve the patient's overall well being.
Contact Advanced Integrative Medicine today at 704-799-9740 to make an appointment.

Friday Night Slashing Jeff the Killer Mod, or with the new name Friday Night Trepidation, is a Friday Night Funkin Mod that features 10 unique songs and three well-known creepypasta characters, including Jeff D. Woods, Slenderman, and Gold.
With the FNF Jeff The Killer Mod, you’ll see a lot of blood and violence. Developer Daynaze and his friends say that there is more to add to this FNF Mod. So, don’t forget about Friday Night Trepidation quickly, and check out FNFMods.net regularly to play new versions of the mod.
In the Friday Night Trepidation, formerly known as FNF Jeff The Killer Mod, there are 10 brand new songs in four FNF Weeks.
- In the Go To Sleep Week
- Sleeping Tragedies
- Endless Sleep
- Endless Nightmare
- In the He’s Looking Week
- White Noise
- In the IM Dead Week
- Lost Soul
- Uncertain Demise
- Beyond Death
Play FNF vs. Jeff The Killer Mod Online
What Is Friday Night Funkin?
Friday Night Funkin is an open-source free-to-play rhythm-based indie game developed by Newground users, including ninjamuffin99 and KawaiSprite. The fact that the game is open source has made many FNF fans able to create new mods for the game. And this keeps the game always up-to-date. In the story of the game, The Boyfriend will have rap battles against characters who don’t like him because he is dating The Girlfriend. Let’s see what you can do on this journey.
How to play FNF Jeff The Killer Mod?
You can play the game following the keyboard combinations:
Friday Night Funkin is a game played with [Arrow] keys.
[Enter] is used to make a selection in the menu,
[Space] key is used to pause the game and replay the last episode.

Please visit our Open House at 7811 22 STREET SE in Calgary.
Open House on Sunday, October 3, 2021 2:00PM - 4:30PM Semi Detached 2 Story 3 bedrooms, 1.5 bath with Amazing 3 Season West Facing Sunroom Addition, EAST/WEST exposure, Many Improvements! Great Neighborhood! Tons of amenities nearby!
Semi-Detached 2 story home is in MOVE IN READY condition. With 3 bedrooms, 1.5 baths and a BONUS 3 SEASON WEST FACING SUNROOM you will have plenty of space to spread out and ENJOY this FAMILY HOME which has been well taken care of, loved and improved upon over the years with a number of big ticket items complete like the Shingles (2017), Hi Efficiency Furnace ((2015), Windows & Coverings (2015), Washer & Dryer (2016/17), Paint, New Toilet, Pedestal Sink & Flooring in 2 PC Bath, Carpet & Baseboards (2021) & good portion of the fence (2017). (refer to supplement sheet) Facing East and Backing West you will have lots of sunshine in this home and the 3 Season Sunroom will be your new favorite space to relax & enjoy family & friends. Situated in a superior location within Ogden you will see you are surrounded with GREAT NEIGHBORS on a quiet & WIDE street with quick access to Deer Meadows Shopping, Schools & Deerfoot Trail. Future LRT stop coming soon. Hurry & Call your Agent before it's gone!

The continent of Asia boasts the oldest civilizations, the largest population, and the most populous cities. Asia is the largest of the 7 continents with over 4.4 billion people calling it home and speaking nearly 2,200 languages.
It’s never too early to start learning about Earth’s continents. Because we’re all in favor of early education at Science Trends, we’ve assembled 50 amazing facts about the continent of Asia, all of which will be suited for kids who are just learning their geography! Heck, we’re even willing to bet that quite a few adults will find these trivia-tidbits enjoyable. They glean an important understanding of Earth’s largest continent, as well as important facts about the people that populate it. And the information doesn’t end there, either!
If we’ve piqued your curiosity, read on to hear 50 amazing facts about one of the critical foundations of human civilization on this planet!
We regularly tackle every region of the world that our readers want to learn more about. And though Asia is our focus today, that could shift entirely tomorrow! If there’s a particular area of the world that you’d like us to shed some light on, let us know in the comments section at the end of this article! We’re always receptive to feedback, and happy to serve our readers’ interests!
Asia — the Continent
Before we dig deep into the 50 amazing facts that we’ve assembled below, let’s take a look at this continent in the broader sense. As you’ll soon learn, it’s the largest on our planet, in more ways than one. It contains many sovereign countries and territories, as well as some that are dependent.
Ironically, one disclaimer we have to offer with lists such as these has to do with being comprehensive. Even though we’ve endeavored to assemble a diverse collection of information, by no means is this all that you might want to know about Asia! The country is home to many diverse cultures, unique environments, amazing cities, and more that we cannot possibly pack into 50 questions! That said, everything that we have included is topical and up-to-date. So if you’re ready to learn, it’s time to dig in!
Location, Location, Location
Though most have a basic understanding of where the Asian continent is on our planet, there are many interesting facts about its boundaries and position that are worth further inspection. As a point of fact, many don’t realize that the borders of Asia don’t necessarily dictate the borders of the countries in Asia!
- Asia is bordered by three of the world’s oceans — the Indian Ocean to the south, the Pacific Ocean to the east, and the Arctic Ocean to the north.
- The continent of Asia shares borders with Europe and Africa. We’ve written about both of them on Science Trends, too!
- Because of where the continent is located on the planet, Asia is very diverse when it comes to climate. Southern regions, closer to the equator, can reach tropical temperatures, while northern regions, closer to the arctic circle, are quite frigid!
- Indians, Japanese, and Chinese frequently garner the most pop-culture attention, when it comes to Asian representation. But did you know that Iraqis, Siberian-Russians, and even New Guineans are all considered people of the Asian continent?
- The country of Bhutan, found in Asia, is the only country in the world to have exclusively banned the use of tobacco.
- China is the planet’s third-largest country. In spite of this fact, it only has one single time-zone!
- Asia is the center of the world’s most advanced economic growth and urbanization efforts. In spite of this, poverty resulting from wealth disparity is a problem that continues to grow.
- Both the highest and lowest points on Earth’s landmasses can be found in Asia — those being Mt. Everest and the Dead Sea, respectively.
- Due to widespread pollution in the heavily urbanized (and industrialized) areas of China, packaged air is actually available for purchase.
- The Asian continent has been the birthplace and cradle of the world’s most prominent religions, including Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Buddhism, and many others.
Cities of Asia
We’ll speak more, below, about the vast and massive population living on the continent of Asia, but before that, let’s take a look at the place with a wider lens — let’s examine the cities themselves, and the points of interest attached to many of them. After all, the population density in the largest of Asia’s cities is positively overwhelming, when you stack it up against the rest of the wider world.
- Remember, Asia is the biggest continent in more ways that one! It has the largest cities on the planet, as well!
- The largest city in the world belongs to the continent of Asia! That would be Tokyo, Japan, at approximately 39,800,000 people within the metropolitan area.
- Other major metropolitan areas in Asia are no slouch, either — Jakarta, Indonesia has 30.5 million people, Delhi, India has 25 million people, and Karachi, Pakistan has 24.3 million people.
- The largest cities of Asia boast some of the greatest population densities in the world.
- Seven of the ten largest cities in the world are located on the Asian continent.
- Ever wonder which cities in the world are most-toured? In 2013, it was Bangkok, Thailand!
- Think you’re pretty shopper-savvy? The ten largest shopping malls are all located in Asian cities! Better start packing!
- However, the largest shopping mall in Asia is tantamount to a ghost town, with a majority of its 2350 storefronts vacant.
- Interested in buildings and architecture? It might interest you to know that nine out of the tallest ten buildings in the world are located on the Asian continent!
- Due to skyrocketing obesity rates, Japan introduced laws meant to curb the trend in 2008. Now, it’s technically against the law to be fat. Men and women are required to have their waistlines checked yearly, and excess numbers result in citizens receiving weight-loss guidance.
When people say “the biggest continent on the planet,” they can mean that in quite a few different ways. Landmass? Population? City sizes? Population density? There are quite a few ways to measure “biggest,” but in the case of Asia, it tops many of these lists, regardless.
“Asia: four little letters, three billion little people.” — Stephen Colbert
- Asia is the largest continent on the planet Earth. It has a greater landmass than any other, by a significant margin.
- The continent covers almost 9% of the planet’s total surface area!
- Though many calculations of Asia’s landmass are approximations, they’re all relatively close to each other. Nearest estimates suggest that Asia is about 17,000,000 square miles or about 44,000,000 square kilometers!
- Asia also has the largest coastline of any of Earth’s continents.
- Only two countries in the world have populations of over 1 billion people, and both of them are in Asia!
- The population of China is approximately 1.37 billion people. In terms of population alone, this makes it the largest country in the world!
- Coming in second, the population of India is approximately 1.34 billion people! It has some of the most compact population density on the planet, and if population trends continue the way that they are, it will soon surpass China as the world’s most populous city.
- In total, the population of the entire continent is also considerably massive! How massive? Think over 4.4 billion people! Stack that up against the other continents of the world, and you’ll see what we mean by “biggest.”
- Just because China and India are the most populous countries doesn’t mean they cover the largest area of the continent, though. Russia is actually the country possessed of the greatest amount of the continent, at approximately 17,125,000 square kilometers.
- Combine the population of the entire rest of the world. Then compare it to Asia’s. Asia is still bigger.
Putting the “Wild” in Wildlife
Of course, the massive numbers of diverse peoples living in Asia aren’t the only aspect of “life” that we’re interested in. There’s a massive proliferation of unique flora and fauna living in the continent’s varied regions. Some of them, you probably know about. Tigers? Check. It’s important to remember just how vast the continent is compared to the other landmasses on Earth. In doing so, one can truly appreciate the wild diversity of Asia’s biomes.
“Southeast Asia has a real grip on me. From the very first time I went there, it was a fulfillment of my childhood fantasies of the way travel should be.” — Anthony Bourdain
- Though the Asian elephant isn’t as big as the African elephant, it is the largest land animal in Asia!
- Asian countries are largely responsible for perpetuating the practice of shark-finning—an act that threatens hundreds of species of sharks, bringing them ever-closer to extinction.
- The tiger, the giant panda, the king cobra, and other highly unique (and highly recognizable) animal species are native to Asian territories.
- The rhinoceros is popularly associated with Africa, but Asia is home to the single-horned Indian rhinoceros.
- Because urbanization is so prevalent (and spreading) across the Asian continent, there are more endangered species here than in other regions of the world.
- You likely know all about single-hump camels, but what about the two-hump Bactrian camel? It’s native to both desert and mountainous regions of Asia.
- Because of oceanfront development across the species’ critical habitats, the green sea turtle is on the verge of extinction.
- High commercial value around the world has spurred the illegal hunting of Asian pangolin species. In spite of legality issues, the animals are being severely threatened across nearly every region in which they’re found.
- At one point, tiger subspecies could be found across the Asian continent. Now, they’ve been made extinct (or nearly so) in as much as 93% of those territories.
- Once prolific in the wild, Asia’s giant pandas are now thought to have less than 2000 total surviving members of the species. It’s unclear if this unique animal will ever recover from the poaching and other destructive human acts that have irreparably changed its habitat.
A Numbers Game
Here are more fun facts about the continent of Asia. They’re not organized by topic, so much as they’re united by being impressive numbers that you’re sure to remember!
- Though the largest economy in the world isn’t in Asia, the second and third largest are! China and Japan occupy those ranks, respectively.
- Many countries throughout the world are home to a plethora of languages, belonging to very different cultures. India, a single country in Asia, has over thirty different languages!
- English is a popularly-spoken language around the world, and it’s what we publish in at Science Trends. But the world’s most popularly-spoken language is actually Mandarin Chinese!
- Asian countries — and by association the continent itself — are growing rapidly in terms of population. In twenty years, it’s predicted that another billion people will be added to the total population numbers on the continent!
- Calling all mango fans! Did you know that India produces over 12 million tons of mangos!
- The country of Japan has the highest median age of any country in the world, at 44!
- That’s not the only way that growing old in Japan can be a great thing — there are over 50,000 people in the country over 100 years of age!
- Children in China are frequently named after significant events, values, and other items of high cultural importance. Knowing this, perhaps it will surprise you less that thousands of children are named Aoyun, which translates to “the Olympic Games.”
- Within the continent of Asia, there are 48 different countries!
- In spite of Asia’s size, its impressive populations, and the rest of these interesting facts, there are two countries that have part of their borders in Europe — Russia and Turkey.
“In Asia, red is the color of joy; red is the color of festivities and celebration. In Chinese culture, blue is the color of mourning.” — Vincent Tan
That about settles it, doesn’t it? Of course, there’s far more to learn about the Asian continent than these 50 fun facts have indicated. And if you want to learn more, whether you’re a kid or an adult reader, check back with us at Science Trends!

Dick Martin: Fishing with the younger generation brings joy
Readers know by now that I like to fish, and I've enjoyed some good trips seeking finned quarry. I've fished off Nova Scotia using hand lines in a dory (Captains Couragous?) and gone after mackerel in Maine. I've enjoyed great catches of striped bass around Cape Cod and seeking barracuda in Key West, taking huge northern pike in Saskatchewan, and fishing for grayling and arctic char in the Northwest Territory.
But the truly wonderful fishing trips I've taken and remember best were on a much smaller scale. Like the time I took my small son and daughter for a morning on bluegill spawning beds, the outing I made with a very young niece to a farm pond for panfish, and the jaunt with my two very young grandsons to another farm pond for their first taste of bluegill fishing.
Those were indeed great trips. And did they truly pay off? My son and daughter still love to go fishing with me, the niece now takes her young son fishing at every opportunity, and when my grandsons visited me last week, their first question was "When can we go fishing, grandpa?" We went the next day.
I'm sure every outdoorsman would like to have his sons and daughters become partners on outdoor fishing adventures, but it doesn't always happen. I still remember a trip to a good sized pond where I was joined by another angler with his small son. He gave the youngster an old, barely working fishing rod, then hurried off to the opposite end of the pond to fish for bass. The kid tried to fish, but the rod would barely cast and the line quickly tangled. He ended up sitting on the bank almost crying while his dad totally ignored his plight for over an hour. I'm betting that little guy said "No" when his dad next invited him to go fishing.
For every youngster I ever took fishing I followed a battle plan a general would have admired. I never took a small kid fishing for muskies or largemouth bass - they're too hard for them to catch and too long between bites if they even happen. They were always taken to a carefully chosen farm pond, one that lacked briers or thorns, heavy brush or other obstacles. And on each occasion I never fished at all, remaining close to show them how to bait hooks, how to fish, and how to remove the bluegills they caught.
I made sure there were plenty of good sized bluegills waiting too, and the equipment they used was first class, not junk. They got lots of advice, but always caught plenty of fish because kids love fast action, and equally love words of encouragement and praise when they landed a good one. If their attention lagged after catching a dozen or two doughty fighters, we took a break to enjoy sandwiches and soft drinks, and usually a walk around the pond looking for frogs and tadpoles, and muskrat holes. And I limited the trips to just an hour or so before heading home for a session of cleaning and a good dinner they'd caught themselves.
Did it work? Like I said, the first words my grandsons offered was "When can we go fishing?"
Dick Martin is a retired biology teacher who has been writing outdoor articles for 30 years. You can reach him at email@example.com.

Futures market exchanges earn income from exact futures trading and the processing of trades, as well as charging merchants and companies membership or entry charges to do enterprise. For the same causes, companies will not commit to huge initiatives without knowing how a lot it is going to price; this is where a price estimator is available in. Value estimators collect and analyze information vital for accurately estimated time, cash, sources, manufacturing, and labor needed for a challenge’s completion.
Whether or not or not you choose Laptop Engineering Technology, Laptop computer Programming, Digital Media Technology, Networking Expertise, or Simulation and Recreation Growth – theres a world of alternative awaiting Sandhills Group Faculty graduates with instructing in pc methods.
Promoting Educated is a digital market and on-line promoting greatest multi vendor wordpress theme 2016 3a WordPress theme with 7 demos.Posted on Might 19 2016 by Marisa Tracie in Weblog Enterprise Enchancment WordPress Presently we preserve social media promoting in social media market we now have gone from paper flyers to on-line commercials and contained all by means of the remaining yr on-line product product product gross sales have skyrocketed on account of social media selling obtainable obtainable accessible on the market to.
Along with GW Regulation’sÂ location in Washington, DC and world-famend college supporting sturdy ties to the capital’s many governmental, regulatory, and non-profit establishments of significance to business and finance, the Enterprise and Finance Law Program maintains shut contact with the big and lively neighborhood of GW Law alumni in business and finance authorized practice in New York, and conducts common activities in New York, together with our flagship GW in New York residential program for choose JD college students.
Alternatives for students toÂ be taught exterior the classroom are supplied via our internship program and worldwide programs and numerousÂ networking and management opportunities by means of student organizations , such as the Financial Administration Affiliation and the Master of Finance Student Association , and our Closing Bell Speaker Series Generous scholarships help assist students along the way.

Join our newsletter
Be the first to hear about the latest Intern Supply news and Company listings
Bank of America
CA, CO, IL, MA, NY, WA
Not seeing the company you're looking for?
Curated resources to get you hired

The imposing Grade I listed parish church of St Peter in Raunds holds one of the most important series of wall paintings in England - including a remarkable one-handed clock.
The west clock tower paintings, dating to the late 14th century, and the north aisle paintings, dating from the 15th and 16th centuries, were in urgent need of conservation and protection prior to structural stabilisation works to the north-west corner of the church.
A team of conservators undertook remedial conservation works to the areas of exposed and friable, paint and plaster, before and during essential piling work. The wall paintings were monitored during the structural works.
A minimum intervention philosophy informed the conservation cleaning, plaster repair and paint consolidation also carried out in areas that surrounded these rare examples of polychrome ecclesiastical decoration.

From helping you find the right protection for your assets and income, to eliminating debt and investing for the future, we help you develop an actionable plan for improved financial health—supported with access to insurance and investment options.
We are working to enable the financial independence of middle-class America. We give our clients the ability to achieve, maintain, and improve their own financial wellness, so they can focus on what’s most important.
Our people and our clients choose every day to see opportunity in opposition. To focus on hard work, not hardship. To be hopeful, rather than hopeless. We don’t believe in leaving things to chance. We believe in making the choice.
After leaving corporate America in 1995, Dick and Sydney Kinnard knew there was more to be done to serve everyday, hardworking people and communities across America. Most companies in the financial industry focused only on the mega-wealthy, a focus that has only grown stronger in the wake of new regulation that makes serving everyday people "riskier" or less profitable. And those companies who claimed to serve this market focused more on selling them products, rather than serving the totality of their financial needs. The Kinnards wanted to do more — enable financial education, empower choice, and provide opportunity. They teamed up with six other individuals, and a year later, Capital Choice was born.
Now, the initial six has expanded to thousands of dedicated Capital Choice associates. Our team extends across the country, on a mission to help Americans take control of their financial future. We come from different backgrounds and span multiple ages and personality types, but we’re all passionate and driven to make a difference and shift the financial landscape of our communities.
Capital Choice is a team of independent, local associates who, supported by the strength and resources of a national brand, are committed to protecting our clients’ best interests.
Now you can become a part of this amazing team of individuals. While helping others find their financial independence through proven methods and solutions, you can increase your income and further support your own financial wellness. Take advantage of this unique business opportunity today!

When sabotage threatens the Rudin Sugar Factory, Detective Jasper Hollock believes this will be his first real case. But dear Mr. Rudin—the only father Jasper has ever known—holds a different assignment for his private investigator.
“I’ve struck a deal with God, Jasper, and you’re my angel.”
Mr. Rudin charges Jasper to build a “case” of reasons for his employer to continue his life. If he fails, Mr. Rudin will end it in suicide on Christmas night.
As the incidents at the factory become life threatening, Jasper’s attempts at dissuading Mr. Rudin prove futile. Time is ticking. Jasper must solve both cases by Christmas before Mr. Rudin and the company are dragged to perdition.
“Amber Schamel's engaging prose weaves together not one, but two edge-of-your-seat threads in this historical mystery. With the hero racing against time to solve the two cases readers will be kept guessing as they attempt to crack the case. “ ~ Laura V. Hilton author of Christmas Admirer (Whitaker House)

Simply Alaska Commissions
We provide top Simply Alaska commissions to our agents and also have an Agency Builder Platform where agents can earn MORE than street rates.
Simply Commission Benefits
When you contract with BenaVest, you get the best Simply commissions and benefits. We offer the Highest commission rates when you become a member of our agency builder program. BenaVest also gives you the flexibility to receive regular checks and direct deposit. Also you get paid every Month!
Get the best Simply commission rates by starting your own “Agency Builder” with BenaVest. Earn percentages based on how big you build your downline.
At BenaVest, we know how important it is for you to have your money on time. So we pay our Simply commissions out to you every month.
Multiple Payout Options
With the ability to receive payment through check and direct deposit. Your Simply commissions can be paid to you just the way you want them.
Simply Alaska Commission Chart
New | Renewal
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH DIRECT OPTIONS’ WEBSITES MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. DIRECT OPTIONS AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN DIRECT OPTIONS’ WEBSITES AT ANY TIME. ADVICE RECEIVED VIA DIRECT OPTIONS’ WEBSITES SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR PERSONAL, MEDICAL, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL DECISIONS AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE TAILORED TO YOUR SITUATION.
In the chart above, you will be able to see all of the commission rates for Simply per state. These amounts are paid per member per month (pmpm) unless stated otherwise. Please feel free to save this page as a reference.
Get Contracted with Simply and you will get appointed with Simply within days. Our AI Simply Broker and Agent Contracting system will keep you in the loop throughout the entire Simply Appointment Process. Also, check out the Simply Commission Schedule below to get started! We are one of the nation’s best FMO’s!
Simply Alaska Commissions FAQs
We have all of your questions answered before you ask them
How do I get contracted and appointed with Simply?
You can request contracting directly from this page. Simply contracting is taken care of by BenaVest’s Contracting Team. They will send out all the Simply contracting necessary for you to get contracted.
What are the commission rates for Simply?
Commissions can vary year by year and state by state for Simply. This page will be your best reference to our most updated numbers.
How often will my Simply commissions be paid to me?
BenaVest pays out all Simply commissions on a monthly basis. Payments are made at the beginning of each month for the previous month. For example, commissions from January will be paid in February. February payments will be made in March and so on and so forth.
What are the commissions and bonuses for selling Simply plans?
Bonuses vary from year to year with Simply. Once you are appointed with a carrier all the bonus schedules will become available to you.
Do I need to be certified to sell Simply Medicare On-Exchange plans?
Yes, you will need to complete your CMS/FFM Certification for that plan year. Before selling Simply Medicare plans through the federal Health Insurance Marketplace (FFM) on HealthCare.gov, you’ll need to register, sign agreements, and complete required training before you start selling any Medicare insurance.
Start Simply AlaskaContracting Today!
Get Started Today!
What are you waiting for? The best FMO you will ever work with wants you now!
One of the great things about BenaVest is the personalized website that you get! I have used it to contract agents under me and to collect a list of clients!
BenaVest has always helped me when I have needed it most!

Choosing Between the Tech Titans
There’s a really cool interactive article from Farhad Manjoo of the New York Times that made the rounds on the web last week, posing a really interesting hypothetical. Rank which of the following tech giants you could live without from easiest to hardest: Alphabet (Google), Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon. If you have a couple of minutes I suggest checking out the article and playing along. Farhad gives his choices and shows what others chose to drop first and last. I decided to use this article as a jumping off point to discuss the roles these huge tech companies play in my life, and how some of them have changed over the years. Like the article I’m choosing the companies in the order in which I’d drop them.
I know it’s not that difficult to live life without Facebook because I recently got off of the service for a three month span. The things I like about Facebook: easily staying connected to loved ones, forming small groups within my friends list for events like weddings and school reunions, and having access to the opinions of millions of people on demand, are the same things that I hate about it.
Still, there’s no denying that Facebook is a giant that is only starting to show just how big it can get. For many people Facebook is the only app that really matters on their phone. It’s how millions of people get their news and stay connected to the people they care about. I know people twice my age who basically exclusively use the service as their portal to the internet.
You also have to account for Instagram when you say you could live in a world without Facebook, which would be a harder sell for me. Instagram has become an oasis on my phone when I get to the point that I can’t stand reading bad news on twitter everyday. Sometimes I just want to stare at hi-res photos of cool sneakers or travel photos.
The other day I posted a story about a woman from the Philippines who lived her life as a slave in America, when I posted a link to the story on Facebook I got a handful of views from people who live in the Philippines, and that was pretty amazing. I think it speaks to the power of social networking, and that would be hard to give up, and yet it pales in importance compared to these other companies.
Oh how the mighty have fallen. If you would have posed this question to me a decade ago Microsoft would have been the last company I would have written off. I spent over two decades learning and working on Windows PCs and Windows Services. I didn’t even touch a Mac until I was well into my 20s, but when I did it was hard to go back. Every Windows machine I’ve ever owned has felt sluggish compared to their mac counterparts.
About a year ago my wife and I decided to buy a Windows laptop to have for when the other was working on the iMac. We got an Acer laptop with a current i5 processor and plenty of RAM, thinking it would be more than capable of suiting our rather modest computing needs. It’s a fine computer… it’s fine, but there are just these annoyances about the third party bloatware, slow boot up times, and general build quality that make it a bit of a bore to use.
Even when I am using the laptop it’s mostly just serves as a way for me to work in Google Chrome when I don’t want to be at my desk. The services that Windows offers are no longer best in class (unless you are an excel wizard, I guess). Perhaps if I was more into gaming I could see the value in building a nice Windows gaming rig, but that’s not my life. I only play a couple of games anymore and my PS4 runs them fine. For a product that I spent most of my life using I have absolutely no nostalgic ties to Microsoft, and only have them above Facebook because I do a fair amount of work on my laptop, but if I had the extra cash in my bank account to replace it with a Macbook I would in a heartbeat.
The biggest reason that Amazon has made it past Facebook and Microsoft on this list is because of the Echo Dot and how it has completely changed my daily life. I can’t think of the last time a completely new product had that kind of effect. I suppose you could argue smartphones, but even those were iterations (if not a transformative one) of a known commodity.
When I make my coffee in the morning I have Alexa set a timer and give me NPR’s daily news update. When my wife and I run out of something from the kitchen we have her put it on a shopping list — which has cut back on us forgetting stuff at the store by 200 percent. We use Alexa as a radio, bartender, scheduler and argument ender. What Amazon has created really does feel like having a personal assistant in the home.
One more antidote about the Echo. Today my wife was trying on the dress she is going to wear to the wedding we are attending this weekend. She looked beautiful, as always, so I seized the moment by telling Alexa to play our first dance song, “Let’s Stay Together” and we had a lovely couple of minutes dancing together in our kitchen. It was the kind of spontaneous moment that could have only happened with the Echo in the room. That’s my pitch for the device, and for AI in the home.
There are other things that I love about Amazon, but you’ve heard them all before. Yes, Amazon Prime is a great service that gets better the more you use it. They have a great selection of movies and TV you can watch using Amazon Prime Video, and I hear really good things about their music and photo services as well. All of that is a bonus to how amazing of a product they have in the Echo line.
The first Apple product I ever had was a second generation iPod Touch, which was given to me as a birthday gift and quickly became the best piece of tech I’ve ever used. I used that that thing every single day for seven years until I finally made the jump to Spotify as my go-to music service. Even now, two years after I’ve shelved it, the iPod will still boot up and work fine. Sure, one of the volume buttons sticks, and the home button isn’t 100 percent responsive, but for a device that has been used for tens of thousands of hours, through countless runs and workouts, I say bravo Apple.
Every Apple device I have owned has been the best version of that device I’ve ever used. My first Macbook Pro was by far the best laptop I’ve ever used. The iMac I do most of my daily work on is easily the best desktop I’ve ever used. The iPad Air 2 that I carry around the house all day with me is still as fast and beautiful as it was the day I took it out of the box. When I read that Apple is having a hard time selling iPads I can’t help but think that — of course they are having a hard time selling more iPads — once you buy an iPad you never really need another one. I’m almost afraid to buy an iPhone because once I do I will be fully invested into their ecosystem and I now I’ll never go back.
There are things not to like about Apple. They charge fairly outrageous prices for the products because they know that people will buy them. They force dumb standards on their customers about every other year, and are currently in a phase in which they feel that people don’t need more than one port on their devices. Let’s not even talk about how mad they’ve made pro users by not having updated the Mac Pro in years.
That all said — when people ask me what their first major tech purchase should be, no matter if it’s a tablet, laptop, desktop or phone I recommend Apple. Because the secret sauce of the company, by locking down their platforms and doing their own hardware and software, works. I go back to that raggedy, beat-up iPod Touch that still boots up. Apple makes great products that are a little overpriced but worth every penny. Maybe that is a little less true than it was ten years ago, but their standard is still higher than everyone else’s.
From the moment I wake up in the morning until the final minutes I spend awake, I am constantly using at least one of Google’s Services. You could strip away all of these other companies and the services they provide, but if I had internet and a device that could sufficiently run Google Chrome, my life would not change all that much.
It’s not just that I use Google Services that puts them at the top of his list, it’s that I really enjoy using them. I’m terrible at planning ahead, but adding events into Google Calendar is as easy as pulling up Google Assistant on my phone and telling it to schedule an appointment for “such and such time at “such-and-such place.” Google Photos is home to all of my photos online, and it’s a pleasure to use.
When my wife and I went on a trip to Grand Rapids we used Google Maps to navigate us both on the highway and while we walked from brewery to brewery. We used Google reviews to help us find a good lunch spot, and Keep to take notes when locals were giving us suggestions for great dinner place. When I would take dozens of photos throughout the day Photos would arrange the best shots into an album. All of the services worked in tandem to give us a better trip.
It was a difficult choice between Apple and Google because I use them in tandem much of the time. I feel like Google services run really well on Apple hardware. I’m writing this post on a gorgeous iMac screen in Google Docs that is running on a Chrome browser. I use the Mail app when I’m working but I exclusively use Gmail. The deciding factor is that I could also be writing this on the Windows laptop in my kitchen or on my Android Phone. I’m a sucker for a well designed piece of hardware but it feels like services are starting to pull ahead in the technological zeitgeist, and Google is to services what Apple is to hardware and software.
Would I miss having the high quality hardware, and the elegant OS of a Mac? Sure. But I could make it work. There’s a world in which the only computing device I have is a decent Chromebook and I’m still able to keep this blog running, check email, surf the web and watch Netflix. That makes Google the winner of this challenge, hands-down.

Explore a selection of our most anticipated new releases for October
This month: The story of the arcane table-top game that became a pop culture phenomenon and the long-running legal battle waged by its cocreators; an unsparing account of what went wrong in the search for an Alzheimer’s cure (and a roadmap that points us in a new direction in our journey); a visionary blueprint for tackling the climate crisis; and more. Explore these and a selection of our other new and soon-to-be-published titles below.
Electrify: An Optimist's Playbook for Our Clean Energy Future by Saul Griffith
Climate change is a planetary emergency. We have to do something now—but what? Saul Griffith has a plan. In Electrify, Griffith lays out a detailed blueprint—optimistic but feasible—for fighting climate change while creating millions of new jobs and a healthier environment. Griffith's plan can be summed up simply: electrify everything. He explains exactly what it would take to transform our infrastructure, update our grid, and adapt our households to make this possible. Billionaires may contemplate escaping our worn-out planet on a private rocket ship to Mars, but the rest of us, Griffith says, will stay and fight for the future.
“A radical but realistic take on the new direction of infrastructure, investment, and production, Electrify is required reading for an economy-wide green transition in the USA.” —Mariana Mazzucato, Professor in the Economics of Innovation and Public Value, University College London; author of Mission Economy
You might also like Extracting Accountability: Engineers and Corporate Social Responsibility by Jessica M. Smith
Game Wizards: The Epic Battle for Dungeons & Dragons by Jon Peterson
When Dungeons & Dragons was first released to a small hobby community, it hardly seemed destined for mainstream success—and yet this arcane tabletop role-playing game became an unlikely pop culture phenomenon. In Game Wizards, Jon Peterson chronicles the rise of Dungeons & Dragons from hobbyist pastime to mass market sensation, from the initial collaboration to the later feud of its creators, Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson. As the game's fiftieth anniversary approaches, Peterson—a noted authority on role-playing games—explains how D&D and its creators navigated their successes, setbacks, and controversies.
“Jon is the great gaming librarian, the dramaturg of D&D. He is always my first call when I'm researching anything related to the history of tabletop gaming. If he doesn't know, most likely no one else does, and this book is no exception. With it, Jon sets straight the 'canon' of the tragic history of how Dungeons & Dragons and TSR were ripped from the very grasp of the man who dreamed them up.” —Joe Manganiello, actor, producer, Dungeons & Dragons ambassador, and writer/game designer for Wizards of the Coast/Hasbro
You might also like Making Games for Impact by Kurt Squire
How Not to Study a Disease: The Story of Alzheimer’s by Karl Herrup
For decades, some of our best and brightest medical scientists have dedicated themselves to finding a cure for Alzheimer's disease. What happened? Where is the cure? The biggest breakthroughs occurred twenty-five years ago, with little progress since. In How Not to Study a Disease, neurobiologist Karl Herrup explains why the Alzheimer's discoveries of the 1990s didn't bear fruit and maps a direction for future research. Herrup describes the research, explains what's taking so long, and offers an approach for resetting future research.
Learn more about the book on the MIT Press blog: A close, critical eye on Alzheimer’s research
You might also like A Cultural Biography of the Prostate by Ericka Johnson
How We Give Now: A Philanthropic Guide for the Rest of Us by Lucy Bernholz
In How We Give Now, Lucy Bernholz shows that philanthropy is more than writing a check and claiming a tax deduction. For most of us—the non-wealthy givers—philanthropy can be a way of living our values and fully participating in society. We give in all kinds of ways—shopping at certain businesses, canvassing for candidates, donating money, and making conscious choices with our retirement funds. We give our cash, our time, and even our data to make the world a better place. Bernholz takes readers on a tour of the often-overlooked worlds of participatory philanthropy, learning from a diverse group of forty resourceful givers.
“With this book, Lucy Bernholz shows us that philanthropy is about much more than money. It is about enacting our values in the world. A vitally needed book, How We Give Now offers a fuller understanding of generosity, the foundation of our shared future, giving us a lot to consider, to be wary of—and to hope for.” —Asha Curran, CEO, Giving Tuesday
You might also like Just Money: Mission-Driven Banks and the Future of Finance by Katrin Kaufer and Lillian Steponaitis
The basis of competition is changing. Are you prepared? Rivalry is shifting from well-defined industries to broader ecosystems: automobiles to mobility platforms; banking to fintech; television broadcasting to video streaming. Your competitors are coming from new directions and pursuing different goals from those of your familiar rivals. In this world, succeeding with the old rules can mean losing the new game. Winning the Right Game introduces the concepts, tools, and frameworks necessary to confront the threat of ecosystem disruption and to develop the strategies that will let your organization play ecosystem offense.
“Winning the Right Game is a landmark contribution to the strategy literature. Any leader who does not understand their value architecture risks being blindsided by ecosystem disruption. Essential reading for anyone involved in setting strategy—or who wants to be.” —Rebecca Henderson, John and Natty University Professor, Harvard University; author of Reimagining Capitalism in a World on Fire
You might also like Open Strategy: Mastering Disruption from Outside the C-Suite by Christian Stadler, Julia Hautz, Kurt Matzler and Stephan Friedrich von den Eichen
Design to Live: Everyday Inventions from a Refugee Camp edited by Azra Aksamija, Raafat Majzoub and Melina Philippou
Featuring more than twenty projects created by Syrian refugees at the Azraq Refugee Camp in Jordan, Design to Live offers a new way of understanding design as a subversive worldmaking practice and as a tool for reclaiming agency in conditions of forced displacement. The projects—including a vertical garden, an arrangement necessitated by regulations that forbid planting on the ground; a front hall, fashioned to protect privacy; a baby swing, made from recycled school desks; and a chess set, carved from broomsticks—showcase the discrepancy between standardized humanitarian design and the real sociocultural needs of refugees, and highlights the power of art and design to create a life worth living.
You may also like Toward the Not-Yet: Art as Public Practice edited by Jeanne van Heeswijk, Maria Hlavajova and Rachael Rakes
Democratizing Our Data: A Manifesto by Julia Lane
Public data are foundational to our democratic system. People need consistently high-quality information from trustworthy sources. In the new economy, wealth is generated by access to data; government's job is to democratize the data playing field. Yet data produced by the American government are getting worse and costing more. In Democratizing Our Data, Julia Lane argues that good data are essential for democracy. Her book is a wake-up call to America to fix its broken public data system.
“This pithy volume is a must-read account of what the US federal statistical agencies are, what they do and why public statistics are vital to democracy. If we cannot be counted, we cannot be heard.” —Nature
You might also like Building the New Economy: Data as Capital by Alex Pentland, Alexander Lipton and Thomas Hardjono
Privacy Is Hard and Seven Other Myths: Achieving Privacy through Careful Design by Jaap-Henk Hoepman
We are tethered to our devices all day, every day, leaving data trails of our searches, posts, clicks, and communications. Meanwhile, governments and businesses collect our data and use it to monitor us without our knowledge. So we have resigned ourselves to the belief that privacy is hard—choosing to believe that websites do not share our information, for example, and declaring that we have nothing to hide anyway. In this informative and illuminating book, a computer privacy and security expert argues that privacy is not that hard if we build it into the design of systems from the start.
"Jaap-Henk Hoepman shows that privacy was wrongly declared dead. He offers the practical tools to guarantee privacy in the design process." —Marleen Stikker, Founder and Director, The Waag Society media lab
You might also like A New History of Modern Computing by Thomas Haigh and Paul E. Ceruzzi
Stories from Architecture: Behind the Lines at Drawing Matter by Philippa Lewis
Even when an architectural drawing does not show any human figures, we can imagine many different characters just off the page: architects, artists, onlookers, clients, builders, developers, philanthropists—working, observing, admiring, arguing. In Stories from Architecture, Philippa Lewis captures some of these personalities through reminiscences, anecdotes, conversations, letters, and monologues that collectively offer the imagined histories of twenty-five architectural drawings. The drawings, reproduced in color, are all sourced from the Drawing Matter collection in Somerset, UK, and are fascinating objects in themselves; but Lewis shifts our attention beyond the image to other possible histories that linger, invisible, beyond the page, and in the process animates not just a series of archival documents but the writing of architectural history.
"I read Lewis's stories over breakfast and they always make me smile." —Anthony Vidler
You might also like Sandfuture by Justin Beal
Banksy: Completed by Carol Diehl
Banksy is the world's most famous living artist, yet no one knows who he is. For more than twenty years, his wryly political and darkly humorous spray paintings have appeared mysteriously on urban walls around the globe, generating headlines and controversy. Art critics disdain him, but the public (and the art market) love him. With this generously illustrated book, artist and critic Carol Diehl is the first author to probe the depths of the Banksy mystery. Through her exploration of his paintings, installations, writings, and Academy Award-nominated film, Exit Through the Gift Shop, Diehl proves unequivocally that there's more to Banksy than the painting on the wall.
You might also like Negative Space edited by Peter Weibel
Digital Suffragists: Women, the Web, and the Future of Democracy by Marie Tessier
If you've read the comments posted by readers of online news sites, you may have noticed the absence of women's voices. Men are by far the most prolific commenters on politics and public affairs. When women do comment, they are often attacked or dismissed more than men are. In fact, the comment forums on news sites replicate conditions of the offline and social media world, where women are routinely interrupted, threatened, demeaned, and called wrong, unruly, disgusting, and out of place. In Digital Suffragists, Marie Tessier—a veteran journalist and a New York Times comment moderator for more than a decade—investigates why women's voices are outnumbered online and what we can do about it.
“Vividly argued, this book provides a clear and compelling understanding of why threats against women online—treated like issues of private safety—are political threats against civil rights and democracy.” —Soraya Chemaly, activist and author of Rage Becomes Her: The Power of Women's Anger
You might also like Data Feminism by Catherine D'Ignazio and Lauren F. Klein
Media Disrupted: Surviving Pirates, Cannibals, and Streaming Wars by Amanda D. Lotz
Much of what we think we know about how the internet “disrupted” media industries is wrong. Piracy did not wreck the recording industry, Netflix isn't killing Hollywood movies, and information does not want to be free. In Media Disrupted, Amanda Lotz looks at what really happened when the recorded music, newspaper, film, and television industries were the ground zero of digital disruption. It's not that digital technologies introduced “new media,” Lotz explains; rather, they offered existing media new tools for reaching people.
“Amanda Lotz is one of the keenest minds in, and writers about, media. This book is an essential diagnosis of how and why tech disruption changed the media ecosystem, and as a consequence, a must-read road map for the disruption ahead.” —Evan Shapiro, Producer; Professor of Media at NYU and Fordham University
You might also like The Demonstration Society by Claude Rosental

Pregnancy at 31 Weeks
Yes your baby is now moving a lot more and still putting on weight during this time of your pregnancy getting ready for his entrance into your world.
He now is probably over 16 inches long, weighing in at about 3 1/2 pounds and is about the size of a coconut. A growth spurt is about to begin. Fat is beginning to accumulate under his skin. He is able to move his head from side to side and you are probably feeling a lot of movement. His somersaults will keep you up at night…all of this activity is a sign of health.
Your pregnancy life:
- Braxton Hicks contractions are now part of your life. Your uterine muscles are tightening and relaxing getting ready for labor. These are irregular contractions and only last about 30 seconds, they are infrequent and painless although they may put pressure on your bladder and make you feel like you have to pee.
- Frequent contractions however could be a sign of pre-term labor and you should call your practitioner immediately if you have more than four contractions in an hour or any other signs of labor.
- Signs of Labor:
- Increase in vaginal discharge.
- Change in vaginal discharge (watery, mucusy, or bloody, pink or tinged).
- Abdominal pain.
- Menstrual cramping.
- Increase of pressure in pelvis.
- Low back pain especially if you didn’t have it before.
- You might have some leaking of colostrum, if so put some nursing pads in you bra to protect your clothes.
- You may have to buy a larger size bra.
Circumcision or not?
You might want to have this discussion now and discuss your questions with your doctor since he will be doing the procedure if you choose to circumcise your little boy.
“I’m 31 weeks along, and at my childbirth classes they’ve been telling us to concentrate on a focal point during labor. Anything from a picture to a crack in the wall or ceiling can work, so long as it helps Mom relax and distracts her from the pain.”
Wants and Don’t Wants:
- Pain medication during labor.
I have definite opinions about this as I was a L&D nurse. My advice is to think about your ideal labor and delivery and try to keep an open mind about medication since every labor is different and everyone perceives pain differently. Learn about your options, discuss with your practitioner, your doula, your nurse, whoever you have that you respect their opinions. Remember there is nothing wrong with wanting to be comfortable during labor and welcoming your baby.
Stuff to get done and out of the way.
- Packing your bag.
Although you don’t have to get this done right now you might want to gather your stuff and the little things that will make your hospital stay comfortable. Some things to have on hand.
- Going home outfit for your sweetie.
- Snacks, my favorite is lollipops during labor, Whole Foods has some organic fruit ones that are delicious.
- Socks and slippers.
- Your favorite pillow
- A nursing bra and nightie
- A camera, batteries.
- Clothes for you to wear home.
Annie and Isabel, a company owned by two nurses whom I know, makes beautiful special hospital gowns for new moms. These are my personal favorites. They are great for nursing moms and make any mom feel special after having a baby. They are wonderful for pictures too. Put them on your registry. You can also wear these gowns to doctors check-ups.
Adrienne will be wearing this one, I am gifting it to her…it is one of the prettiest gowns!
I have seen and personally worn Annie and Isabel Hospital Gowns.
Annie & Isabel Designer Hospital Gowns Are Great For… Pregnancy & Delivery Gift yourself, a friend, or family member a comfortable and gorgeous hospital gown to help the new mommy in your life feel beautiful during this precious time. There are many reasons why having your own hospital gown makes sense. There are even more reasons why having an Annie & Isabel hospital gown is the best choice.
Source: Pregnancy and Delivery

No, the apartment building doesn’t match the inside from the outside, and that’s fine.
“What always upset me was that they were in a hurry to film and found this picture of a building in New York with arched windows on the top floor,” says Shaffner. “And that’s why I always explain it like this, well, their apartment was in the back. And they were lucky because they were on a floor that had only two apartments.”
Although Monica’s apartment was bigger, purple, and had a balcony and bricks in the kitchen, the apartments were designed to look like they might be in the same building. The moldings, all based on Shaffner’s real New York apartment, all go together and have similar floor plans.
Shaffner was also accused of giving the apartment a balcony and window that New York didn’t have.

Top Secret: Spies, Codes, Capers, Gadgets, and Classified Cases Revealed (Hardcover)
usually available in 3-7 days
Oh, didn't realize you were leaving behind a trail of evidence? You will after you read this book! In fact, you'll know all the tricks of the spy trade, get the scoop behind sleuthing, and discover all kinds of skills, like how ninjas walked on water. You'll read about cold cases and hidden places, cool disguises and wicked surprises, menacing mysteries, undiscovered histories, and so much more!
From the world's most elite spy agencies to the coolest spy gadgets of today and the most spine-tingling conspiracies and covert cover-ups ever, this book is jam-packed with everything that's allowed to be revealed. You'll get to take a crack at codes that leave even the world's most elite code breakers totally stumped, get behind-the-scenes access to how movie magic really happens, take a sneak peek at the world's most covert recipes, unravel the tricks magicians use to astonish their audiences, and get up close with the world's most mysterious places. With tongue-in-cheek "How to Be a Spy" activities, you and your friends will get to put your budding spy skills to the test. And when you're all done ... don't forget to wipe this book for prints and store it safely with your secret stash. After all, you don't want it falling into the wrong hands!
About the Author
CRISPIN BOYER is the author of dozens of National Geographic Kids books and magazine articles. His specialty is making learning fun and humorous.
SUZANNE ZIMBLER has spent more than a decade creating resources for teachers and writing and editing nonfiction content for kids. Prior to working in publishing, she taught fifth and sixth grade in New York City public and charter schools.

Lindocatgo to website
Lindocat is our brand of cat litters dedicated to the specialized channel. 30 years’ experience, raw materials of the highest quality and a wide range of new and improved products and accessories that will satisfy the need of every cats, especially those having a strong nature!
Join us in the magical world of Lindocat: only for Very Important Cats and very special shops!
Signor Gattogo to website
Signor Gatto is our brand of cat litters dedicated to mass retail channel. “daily hygiene. Naturally.” is our creed. We developed a completely new range of products, wider and deeper, improved in quality and in design of packaging, with a particular focus on the health of your cat and the environment.
Discover our products!
Carlo Laviosago to website
Carlo Laviosa Srl shipping and forwarding service Company has a long tradition, which began in 1922. The company has presently reached an excellent level of specialization in providing services to all kinds of ships, with dedication to the optimization of in-port services.

You've updated your addresses in Vipps since your last visit. Should we update our records?
Veng - The reasonable alternative
We supply a comprehensive selection of car parts. Our main product is body parts and lamps, and in Norway alternative body parts is often called "Veng parts". In addition to body parts and lamps we also import exhaust systems, catalytic converters, DPF-filter, tow-bars, radiators, window mechanisms, oil sumps, mirrors, suspension parts, brake discs and pads among others.
Quality in focus
Some alternative body parts from the 80s and 90s had too bad quality. The last 15-20 year the serious producers has taken action so be certain that quality and fitment is optimal. Today there are very few of our products that do not hold matching quality regarding fitment, priming and steel quality.
There has also been implemented a new seal of quality: A1. These parts have been controlled and certified by independent test centers like TÜV in Germany and Thatcham in England. The prices for alternative body parts is very favorable compared to OE-Prices, so it would often be interesting for the car owner to use these parts, when the car is 5-6 years and older. We are among the best in the business regarding warranties and complaints. We also have a warehouse of over 4500m2 and also a close cooperation with Norway's leading transporters. We also transport parts ourselves in great Oslo, Drammen and Østfold.
During the last few years, we have expanded our product lines. This includes Sidem suspension parts and SBS brake parts. These are products that have been well received by our customers. Both Sidem and SBS are great quality parts, and are very affordable alternatives.

It’s no surprise that taking the plunge at the local pool has been a favored form of exercise for older adults. It’s easy on joints, reduces the risks of injury and improves cardiovascular strength. But there are other advantages to swimming as we age.
Studies show that hitting the pool is just as beneficial to the mind as it is the body. Here are five reasons why you could feel happier if you swim for exercise. Read more

We sure love the ATmega328 here at Adafruit, and we use them a lot for our own projects. The processor has plenty of GPIO, Analog inputs, hardware UART SPI and I2C, timers and PWM galore - just enough for most simple projects. When we need to go small, we use a Metro Mini or a Trinket M0, but when size isn't as much of a concern, we reach for an Adafruit METRO.
New! We've updated this product to our Adafruit Metro 328, a fully assembled Arduino-compatible. If using with the Arduino IDE, select "Arduino UNO" in the board selection drop down.
This is the Adafruit METRO with headers. It comes with headers soldered on. It's a fully assembled and tested board with through-hole headers attached. If you don't want a Metro with the headers attached for super-slimness, check out our Metro without Headers.
METRO is the culmination of years of playing with AVRs: we wanted to make a development board that is easy to use and is hacker friendly. At the heart is an ATmega328P, with 32KB of flash and 2KB of RAM, running at 16 MHz. It comes with the Optiboot bootloader already installed, and is Arduino IDE compatible.
- Power the METRO with 7-9V polarity protected DC or the micro USB connector to any 5V USB source. The 2.1mm DC jack has an on/off switch next to it so you can turn off your setup easily. The METRO will automagically switch between USB and DC.
- METRO has 19 GPIO pins, 6 of which are Analog in as well, and 2 of which are reserved for the USB-serial converter. There's also 6 PWMs available on 3 timers (1 x 16-bit, 2 x 8-bit). There's a hardware SPI port, hardware I2C port and hardware UART to USB. Logic level is 5V but by cutting and soldering closed a jumper, you can easily convert it to 3.3V logic
- USB to Serial converter, there's a hardware USB to Serial converter that can be used by any computer to listen/send data to the METRO, and can also be used to launch and update code via the bootloader
- Four indicator LEDs, on the front edge of the PCB, for easy debugging. One green power LED, two RX/TX LEDs for the UART, and a red LED connected to pin PB5
- Easy reprogramming, comes pre-loaded with the Optiboot bootloader, which is supported by Arduino IDE, and avrdude and only uses 512 bytes - so you have lots of space for your code!
- Arduino IDE compatible, you can use this with the Arduino IDE (both desktop and cloud version) by selecting 'Arduino UNO' in the Boards menu.
- Works with all Adafruit shields!
We also include 4 rubber bumpers to keep it from slipping off your desk. Metro shown with our 12x capacitive touch shield attached just to demonstrate the headers, but that shield is not included!
Mac & Windows People! Don't forget to grab & install the CP2014 VCP drivers from SiLabs to make the COM/Serial port show up right! The default drivers may not support this USB/Serial chip
- ATmega328 microcontroller with Optiboot (UNO) Bootloader
- USB Programming and debugging via the well-supported genuine CP2104
- Input voltage: 7-9V (a 9VDC power supply is recommended)
- 5V regulator can supply peak ~800mA as long as the die temp of the regulator does not exceed 150*C
- 3.3V regulator can supply peak ~150mA as long as the die temp of the regulator does not exceed 150*C
- 5V logic with 3.3V compatible inputs, can be converted to 3.3V logic operation
- 20 Digital I/O Pins: 6 are also PWM outputs and 6 are also Analog Inputs
- 6-pin ICSP Header for reprogramming
- 32KB Flash Memory - 0.5K for bootloader, 31.5KB available after bootloading
- 16MHz Clock Speed
- Compatible with "Classic" and "R3" Shields
- Adafruit Black PCB with gold plate on pads
- 53mm x 71mm / 2.1" x 2.8"
- Height (w/ barrel jack): 13mm / 0.5"
- Weight: 19g
- Derivative of "Arduino UNO R3 Reference design"
- Open source hardware files on github!
- As of March 30, 2018 we now have changed this item to be an Arduino-compatible Adafruit Metro 328 with SiLabs CP2104 USB serial chip
Payment & Accreditations
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.

Christmas, Lunar New Year and the Winter Olympics
December 2021 - Despite the gradual recovery of operations following Covid-19 lockdowns in South East Asia, ports continue to suffer from equipment shortages and space constraints. Meanwhile in Greater China, while the Air Freight market may cool off following a boom in testing-kit demand, Christmas, Lunar New Year and the upcoming Winter Olympics in Beijing may pose other challenges. In China, the Lunar New Year holiday will run from Monday 31st January to Sunday 6th February.
Click the regions below to find out more.
- The Sea Freight market is unlikely to improve before the Lunar New Year holiday, with Oceania trade and the East Coast of the USA having the potential to become even more fraught. A large number of blank sailings are expected between December and January. Precise forecasts are advised in order to prepare for any uncertainties or postponements.
- In Hong Kong, vessel space is available for North Europe trade, but tightening for South America trade lanes. Covid-19 continues to impact operations, and therefore space and equipment availability, in South East Asia, leading to a remarkable increase in BAF level effective from Dec 1st ahead of the Christmas holidays.
- The Air Freight market rose by up to 20% during the month of November due to high levels of Covid-19 test kits leaving little room for general cargo. The market may remain at this level for another couple of weeks before cooling down into January. Operation capacity remains stable across major Chinese airports with no severe congestion, but operations continue at a reduced level due to the quarantine controls on staff and cargo.
- Some airports are opening new scheduled flights or taking on more charter flights such as TAO, CGO and more.
- Serious backlog is expected at Taoyuan International Airport (TPE) due to year end and peak season. Some airlines have also cancelled flights to South Africa from the end of November due to reported cases of the Omicron strain of Covid-19.
- Rail services are available but with extended transit times, including 30-35 days from CN to EU. However, eastbound services from EU-CN are considerably better at an estimated 20-24 days station to station. Space challenges seen in Q3 have now calmed.
- Carriers are yet to release information if any regarding the potential impact of the Beijing Winter Olympics on local operations, although there could be the potential for increased security around airports and certain transport routes, as well as delayed deliveries. Customs operations are not expected to be affected at this time.
- We are currently arranging export business in advance with customers in anticipation for the Lunar New Year. Driver shortages are expected as trucking personnel may take up to 15 days holiday.
- FCL booking capability from Korea to USA, interested customers are encouraged to contact our Korea team for more information.
- Advanced booking is highly recommended prior to the Lunar New Year as operations will be at a reduced capacity with delays during the holiday.
- There is a heavy backlog at Bangkok International Airport (BKK), and the local Air Freight market continues to face expensive rate increases and some cancelled flights. There are also reports of flight offloading due to space restriction, causing further delayed departures and arrivals.
- No major improvements as of yet for the Sea Freight market. Oceania trade is at critical with vessel omissions at Sydney port and other AUS ports also fully booked until the end of December.
- Air Freight space remains critical towards the end of the month and into the New Year. Rates continue to rise.
- Sea Freight space is limited with equipment shortages being the main challenge.
- Tan Son Nhat Airport (SGN) is facing a heavy backlog among limited capacity and high demand across Vietnam’s Air Freight market.
- Mobility restrictions are to be applied to select areas as indicated by the Ministry of Transportation between December 20th – January 2nd in anticipation of Christmas and New Year.
- As of yet, no indication of improvement with regards to port congestion in South East Asia. Vessel schedules are therefore expected to remain unstable with ongoing delays and port omissions.
- LCL products are still in demand and operations remain normal. Customers who provide forecasts are currently able to load shipments smoothly.
- While there are no current disruptions to Air Freight operations, rates are currently higher than one would expect in terms of space available. This trend is expected to continue into late December.
DISCLAIMER - All information is provided in good faith for guidance and reference purposes only. It is of a general informational nature, and Röhlig Logistics GmbH & Co. KG takes no legal responsibility for the accuracy of the information provided via this document. Röhlig Logistics GmbH & Co. KG makes no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained herein and accepts no liability for any loss arising from the use of the information provided.

$500 via Verizon e-gift card (sent w/in 8 wks). Activation of 4G LTE/5G phone on 5G Get More plan req’d. Device must remain active for 45 days. $500 charge back if service cancelled w/in 12 mos or eligibility req’s are no longer met. See vzw.com/bring-your-own-device for details.
Elipsis tablet keeps shuffling all the music I copy from computer. Shuffle on computer is NOT turned on. All songs are in order when I sync but when I go to My Music on tablet and open an album Every song is shulffled.

In November 2020, messenger RNA catapulted into the public consciousness when the first COVID-19 vaccines were authorized for emergency use. Around the same time, an equally groundbreaking yet relatively unheralded application of mRNA technology was taking place at a London hospital.
Over the past two decades, there's been increasing interest in harnessing mRNA — molecules present in all of our cells that act like digital tape recorders, copying instructions from DNA in the cell nucleus and carrying them to the protein-making structures — to create a whole new class of therapeutics.
Scientists realized that artificial mRNA, designed in the lab, could be used to instruct our cells to produce certain antibodies, turning our bodies into vaccine-making factories, or to recognize and attack tumors. More recently, researchers recognized that mRNA could also be used to make another groundbreaking technology far more accessible to more patients: gene editing. The gene-editing tool CRISPR has generated plenty of hype for its potential to cure inherited diseases. But delivering CRISPR to the body is complicated and costly.
"Most gene editing involves taking cells out of the patient, treating them and then giving them back, which is an extremely expensive process," explains Drew Weissman, professor of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, who was involved in developing the mRNA technology behind the COVID-19 vaccines.
But last November, a Massachusetts-based biotech company called Intellia Therapeutics showed it was possible to use mRNA to make the CRISPR system inside the body, eliminating the need to extract cells out of the body and edit them in a lab. Just as mRNA can instruct our cells to produce antibodies against a viral infection, it can also teach them to produce one of the two components that make up CRISPR — a cutting protein that snips out a problem gene.
"The pandemic has really shown that not only are mRNA approaches viable, they could in certain circumstances be vastly superior to more traditional technologies."
In Intellia's London-based clinical trial, the company applied this for the first time in a patient with a rare inherited liver disease known as hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis with polyneuropathy. The disease causes a toxic protein to build up in a person's organs and is typically fatal. In a company press release, Intellia's president and CEO John Leonard swiftly declared that its mRNA-based CRISPR therapy could usher in a "new era of potential genome editing cures."
Weissman predicts that turning CRISPR into an affordable therapy will become the next major frontier for mRNA over the coming decade. His lab is currently working on an mRNA-based CRISPR treatment for sickle cell disease. More than 300,000 babies are born with sickle cell every year, mainly in lower income nations.
"There is a FDA-approved cure, but it involves taking the bone marrow out of the person, and then giving it back which is prohibitively expensive," he says. It also requires a patient to have a matched bone marrow done. "We give an intravenous injection of mRNA lipid nanoparticles that target CRISPR to the bone marrow stem cells in the patient, which is easy, and much less expensive."
Meanwhile, the overwhelming success of the COVID-19 vaccines has focused attention on other ways of using mRNA to bolster the immune system against threats ranging from other infectious diseases to cancer.
The practicality of mRNA vaccines – relatively small quantities are required to induce an antibody response – coupled with their adaptable design, mean companies like Moderna are now targeting pathogens like Zika, chikungunya and cytomegalovirus, or CMV, which previously considered commercially unviable for vaccine developers. This is because outbreaks have been relatively sporadic, and these viruses mainly affect people in low-income nations who can't afford to pay premium prices for a vaccine. But mRNA technology means that jabs could be produced on a flexible basis, when required, at relatively low cost.
Other scientists suggest that mRNA could even provide a means of developing a universal influenza vaccine, a goal that's long been the Holy Grail for vaccinologists around the world.
"The mRNA technology allows you to pick out bits of the virus that you want to induce immunity to," says Michael Mulqueen, vice president of business development at eTheRNA, a Belgium-based biotech that's developing mRNA-based vaccines for malaria and HIV, as well as various forms of cancer. "This means you can get the immune system primed to the bits of the virus that don't vary so much between strains. So you could actually have a single vaccine that protects against a whole raft of different variants of the same virus, offering more universal coverage."
Before mRNA became synonymous with vaccines, its biggest potential was for cancer treatments. BioNTech, the German biotech company that collaborated with Pfizer to develop the first authorized COVID-19 vaccine, was initially founded to utilize mRNA for personalized cancer treatments, and the company remains interested in cancers ranging from melanoma to breast cancer.
One of the major hurdles in treating cancer has been the fact that tumors can look very different from one person to the next. It's why conventional approaches, such as chemotherapy or radiation, don't work for every patient. But weaponizing mRNA against cancer primes the immune cells with the tumor's specific genetic sequence, training the patient's body to attack their own unique type of cancer.
"It means you're able to think about personalizing cancer treatments down to specific subgroups of patients," says Mulqueen. "For example, eTheRNA are developing a renal cell carcinoma treatment which will be targeted at around 20% of these patients, who have specific tumor types. We're hoping to take that to human trials next year, but the challenge is trying to identify the right patients for the treatment at an early stage."
Repairing Damaged mRNA
While hopes are high that mRNA could usher in new cancer treatments and make CRISPR more accessible, a growing number of companies are also exploring an alternative to gene editing, known as RNA editing.
In genetic disorders, the mRNA in certain cells is impaired due to a rogue gene defect, and so the body ceases to produce a particular vital protein. Instead of permanently deleting the problem gene with CRISPR, the idea behind RNA editing is to inject small pieces of synthetic mRNA to repair the existing mRNA. Scientists think this approach will allow normal protein production to resume.
Over the past few years, this approach has gathered momentum, as some researchers have recognized that it holds certain key advantages over CRISPR. Companies from Belgium to Japan are now looking at RNA editing to treat all kinds of disorders, from Huntingdon's disease, to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, and certain types of cancer.
"With RNA editing, you don't need to make any changes to the DNA," explains Daniel de Boer, CEO of Dutch biotech ProQR, which is looking to treat rare genetic disorders that cause blindness. "Changes to the DNA are permanent, so if something goes wrong, that may not be desirable. With RNA editing, it's a temporary change, so we dose patients with our drugs once or twice a year."
Last month, ProQR reported a landmark case study, in which a patient with a rare form of blindness called Leber congenital amaurosis, which affects the retina at the back of the eye, recovered vision after three months of treatment.
"We have seen that this RNA therapy restores vision in people that were completely blind for a year or so," says de Boer. "They were able to see again, to read again. We think there are a large number of other genetic diseases we could go after with this technology. There are thousands of different mutations that can lead to blindness, and we think this technology can target approximately 25% of them."
Ultimately, there's likely to be a role for both RNA editing and CRISPR, depending on the disease. "I think CRISPR is ideally suited for illnesses where you would like to permanently correct a genetic defect," says Joshua Rosenthal of the Marine Biology Laboratory in Chicago. "Whereas RNA editing could be used to treat things like pain, where you might want to reset a neural circuit temporarily over a shorter period of time."
Much of this research has been accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has played a major role in bringing mRNA to the forefront of people's minds as a therapeutic.
"The pandemic has really shown that not only are mRNA approaches viable, they could in certain circumstances be vastly superior to more traditional technologies," says Mulqueen. "In the future, I would not be surprised if many of the top pharma products are mRNA derived."
The first thing Jeroen Perk saw after he partially regained his sight nearly a decade ago was the outline of his guide dog Pedro.
“There was a white floor, and the dog was black,” recalls Perk, a 43-year-old investigator for the Dutch customs service. “I was crying. It was a very nice moment.”
Perk was diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa as a child and had been blind since early adulthood. He has been able to use the implant placed into his retina in 2013 to help identify street crossings, and even ski and pursue archery. A video posted by the company that designed and manufactured the device indicates he’s a good shot.
Less black-and-white has been the journey Perk and others have been on after they were implanted with the Argus II, a second-generation device created by a Los Angeles-based company called Second Sight Medical Devices.
The Argus II uses the implant and a video camera embedded in a special pair of glasses to provide limited vision to those with retinitis pigmentosa, a genetic disease that causes cells in the retina to deteriorate. The camera feeds information to the implant, which sends electrical impulses into the retina to recapitulate what the camera sees. The impulses appear in the Argus II as a 60-pixel grid of blacks, grays and whites in the user’s eye that can render rough outlines of objects and their motion.
Smartphone and computer manufacturers typically stop issuing software upgrades to their devices after two or three years, eventually rendering them bricks. But is the smartphone approach acceptable for a device that helps restore the most crucial sense a human being possesses?
Ross Doerr, a retired disability rights attorney in Maine who received an Argus II in 2019, describes the field of vision as the equivalent of an index card held at arm’s length. Perk often brings objects close to his face to decipher them. Moreover, users must swivel their heads to take in visual data; moving their eyeballs does not work.
Despite its limitations, the Argus II beats the alternative. Perk no longer relies on his guide dog. Doerr was uplifted when he was able to see the outlines of Christmas trees at a holiday show.
“The fairy godmother department sort of reaches out and taps you on the shoulder once in a while,” Doerr says of his implant, which came about purely by chance. A surgeon treating his cataracts was partnered with the son of another surgeon who was implanting the devices, and he was referred.
Doerr had no reason to believe the shower of fairy dust wouldn’t continue. Second Sight held out promises that the Argus II recipients’ vision would gradually improve through upgrades to much higher pixel densities. The ability to recognize individual faces was even touted as a possibility. In the winter of 2020, Doerr was preparing to travel across the U.S. to Second Sight’s headquarters to receive an upgrade. But then COVID-19 descended, and the trip was canceled.
The pandemic also hit Second Sight’s bottom line. Doerr found out about its tribulations only from one of the company’s vision therapists, who told him the entire department was being laid off. Second Sight cut nearly 80% of its workforce in March 2020 and announced it would wind down operations.
Ross Doerr has mostly stopped using his Argus II, the result of combination of fear of losing its assistance from wear and tear and disdain for the company that brought it to market.
Second Sight’s implosion left some 350 Argus recipients in the metaphorical dark about what to do if their implants failed. Skeleton staff seem to have rarely responded to queries from their customers, at least based on the experiences of Perk and Doerr. And some recipients have unfortunately returned to the actual dark as well, as reports have surfaced of Argus II failures due to aging or worn-down parts.
Product support for complex products is remarkably uneven. Although the iconic Ford Mustang ceased production in the late 1960s, its parts market is so robust that it’s theoretically possible to assemble a new vehicle from recently crafted components. Conversely, smartphone and computer manufacturers typically stop issuing software upgrades to their devices after two or three years, eventually rendering them bricks. Consumers have accepted both extremes.
But is the smartphone approach acceptable for a device that helps restore the most crucial sense a human being possesses?
Margaret McLean, a senior fellow at the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University in California, notes companies like Second Sight have a greater obligation for product support than other consumer product ventures.
“In this particular case, you have a great deal of risk that is involved in using this device, the implant, and the after care of this device,” she says. “You cannot, like with your car, decide that ‘I don’t like my Mustang anymore,’ and go out and buy a Corvette.”
And, whether the Argus II implant works or not, its physical presence can impact critical medical decisions. Doerr’s doctor wanted him to undergo an MRI to assist in diagnosing attacks of vertigo. But the physician was concerned his implant might interfere. With the latest available manufacturer advisories on his implant nearly a decade old, the procedure was held up. Doerr spent months importuning Second Sight through phone calls, emails and Facebook postings to learn if his implant was contraindicated with MRIs, which he never received. Although the cause of his vertigo was found without an MRI, Doerr was hardly assured.
“Put that into context for a minute. I get into a serious car accident. I end up in the emergency room, and I have a tag saying I have an implanted medical device,” he says. “You can’t do an MRI until you get the proper information from the company. Who’s going to answer the phone?”
Second Sight’s management did answer the call to revamp its business. It netted nearly $78 million through a private stock placement and an initial public offering last year. At the end of 2021, Second Sight had nearly $70 million in cash on hand, according to a recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
And while the Argus II is still touted at length on Second Sight’s home page, it appears little of its corporate coffers are earmarked toward its support. These days, the company is focused on obtaining federal approvals for Orion, a new implant that would go directly into the recipient’s brain and could be used to remedy blindness from a variety of causes. It obtained a $6.4 million grant from the National Institutes of Health in May 2021 to help develop Orion.
Presented with a list of written questions by email, Second Sight’s spokesperson, Dave Gentry of the investor relations firm Red Chip Companies, copied a subordinate with an abrupt message to “please handle.” That was the only response from a company representative. A call to Second Sight acting chief executive officer Scott Dunbar went unreturned.
Whether or not the Orion succeeds remains to be seen. The company’s SEC filings suggest a viable and FDA-approved device is years away, and that operational losses are expected for the “foreseeable future.” Second Sight reported zero revenue in 2020 or 2021.
Moreover, the experiences of the Argus II recipients could color the reception of future Second Sight products. Doerr notes that his insurer paid nearly $500,000 to implant his device and for training on how to use it.
“What’s the insurance industry going to say the next time this crops up?” Doerr asks, noting that the company’s reputation is “completely shot” with the recipients of its implants.
Perk, who made speeches to praise the Argus II and is still featured in a video on the Second Sight website, says he also no longer supports the company.
Jeroen Perk, an investigator for the Dutch customs service, cried for joy after partially regaining his sight, but he no longer trusts Second Sight, the company that provided his implant.
Nevertheless, Perk remains highly reliant on the technology. When he dropped an external component of his device in late 2020 and it broke, Perk briefly debated whether to remain blind or find a way to get his Argus II working again. Three months later, he was able to revive it by crowdsourcing parts, primarily from surgeons with spare components or other Argus II recipients who no longer use their devices. Perk now has several spare parts in reserve in case of future breakdowns.
Despite the frantic efforts to retain what little sight he has, Perk has no regrets about having the device implanted. And while he no longer trusts Second Sight, he is looking forward to possibly obtaining more advanced implants from companies in the Netherlands and Australia working on their own products.
Doerr suggests that biotech firms whose implants are distributed globally be bound to some sort of international treaty requiring them to service their products in perpetuity. Such treaties are still applied to the salvage rights for ships that sunk centuries ago, he notes.
“I think that in a global tech economy, that would be a good thing,” says McLean, the fellow at Santa Clara, “but I am not optimistic about it in the near term. Business incentives push toward return on share to stockholders, not to patients and other stakeholders. We likely need to rely on some combination of corporately responsibility…and [international] government regulation. It’s tough—the Paris Climate Accord implementation at a slow walk comes to mind.”
Unlike Perk, Doerr has mostly stopped using his Argus II, the result of combination of fear of losing its assistance from wear and tear and disdain for the company that brought it to market. At 70, Doerr says he does not have the time or energy to hold the company more accountable. And with Second Sight having gone through a considerable corporate reorganization, Doerr believes a lawsuit to compel it to better serve its Argus recipients would be nothing but an extremely costly longshot.
“It’s corporate America at its best,” he observes.
Lori Tipton's life was a cascade of trauma that even a soap opera would not dare inflict upon a character: a mentally unstable family; a brother who died of a drug overdose; the shocking discovery of the bodies of two persons her mother had killed before turning the gun on herself; the devastation of Hurricane Katrina that savaged her hometown of New Orleans; being raped by someone she trusted; and having an abortion. She suffered from severe PTSD.
“My life was filled with anxiety and hypervigilance,” she says. “I was constantly afraid and had mood swings, panic attacks, insomnia, intrusive thoughts and suicidal ideation. I tried to take my life more than once.” She was fortunate to be able to access multiple mental health services, “And while at times some of these modalities would relieve the symptoms, nothing really lasted and nothing really address the core trauma.”
Then in 2018 Tipton enrolled in a clinical trial that combined intense sessions of psychotherapy with limited use of Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, or MDMA, a drug classified as a psychedelic and commonly known as ecstasy or Molly. The regimen was arduous; 1-2 hour preparation sessions, three sessions where MDMA was used, which lasted 6-8 hours, and lengthy sessions afterward to process and integrate the experiences. Two therapists were with her every moment of the three-month program that totaled more than 40 hours.
“It was clear to me that [the therapists] weren't going to heal me, that I was going to have to do the work for myself, but that they were there to completely support my process,” she says. “But the effects of MDMA were really undeniable for me. I felt embodied in a way that I hadn't in years. PTSD had robbed me of the ability to feel safe in my own body.”
Tipton doesn’t think the therapy completely cured her PTSD. “But when I completed the trial in 2018, I no longer qualified for the diagnosis, and I still don't qualify for the diagnosis today,” she told an April workshop on psychedelics as mental health treatment by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, or NASEM.
Rick Doblin has been a catalyst behind much of the contemporary research into psychedelics. Prior to the DEA clamp down, the Boston psychotherapist had seen that MDMA and other psychedelics could benefit some of his patients where other measures had failed. He immediately organized efforts to question the drug rescheduling but to little avail. In 1986, he created the nonprofit Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS), which slowly laid the scientific foundation for clinical trials, including the one that Tipton joined, using psychedelics to treat mental health conditions.
Now, only slowly, have researchers been able to explore the power of these drugs to treat a broad spectrum of severely debilitating mental health conditions, including trauma, depression, and PTSD, where other available treatments proved inadequate.
“Psychedelic psychotherapy is an attempt to go after the root causes of the problems with just a relatively few administrations, as contrasted to most of the psychiatric drugs used today that are mostly just reducing symptoms and are meant to be taken on a daily basis,” Doblin said in a 2019 TED Talk. Most of these drugs can have broad effect but “some are probably more effective than others for certain conditions,” he added in a recent interview with Leaps.org. Comparative head-to-head studies of psychedelic therapies simply have not been conducted.
Their mechanisms of action are poorly understood and can vary between drugs, but it is generally believed that psychedelics change the activity of neurons so that the brain processes information differently, says Katrin Preller, a neuropsychologist at the University of Zurich. A recent important study in Nature Medicine by Richard Daws and colleagues used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) of the brain and found that “functional networks became more functionally interconnected and flexible after psilocybin treatment…implying that psilocybin's antidepressant action may depend on a global increase in brain network integration.”
Rosalind Watts, a clinical investigator at the Imperial College in London, believes there is “an overestimation of the importance of the drug and an underestimation of the importance of the [therapeutic] context” in psychedelic research. “It is unethical to provide the drug without the other,” she says. Doblin notes that “psychotherapy outcomes research demonstrates that the therapeutic alliance between the therapist and the patients is the single most predictive factor of outcomes. [It is] trust and the sense of safety, the willingness to go into difficult spaces” that makes clinical breakthroughs possible with the drug.
Excitement and Challenges
Recurrent themes expressed at the NASEM workshop were exciting glimpses of the potential for psychedelics to treat mental health conditions combined with the challenges of realizing those potentials. A recent review paper found evidence that using psychedelics can help with treating a variety of common mental illnesses, but the paper could identify only 14 clinical trials of classic psychedelics published since 1991. Much of the reason is that the drugs are not patentable and so the pharmaceutical industry has no interest in investing in expensive clinical trials to bring them to market. MAPS has raised about $135 million over its 36-year history to conduct such research, says Doblin, the vast majority of it from individual donors and none from foundations.
The workshop participants’ views also were colored by the history of drug crackdowns and a fear that research might easily be shut down in the future. There was great concern that use of psychedelics should be confined to clinical trials with high safety and ethical standards, instead of doctors and patients experimenting on their own. “We need to get it right this time,” says Charles Grob, a psychiatrist at the UCLA School of Medicine. But restricting access to psychedelics will become even more difficult now that Oregon and several cities have acted to decriminalize possession and use of many of these drugs.
The experience with ketamine also troubled Grob. He is hoping to “mitigate the rush of rapid commercialization” that occurred with that drug. Ketamine technically is not a psychedelic though it does share some of their potentially euphoric properties. In 2019, soon after the FDA approved a form of ketamine with a limited label indication to treat depression, for profit clinics sprang up promoting off label use of the drug for psychiatric conditions where there was little clinical evidence of efficacy. He fears the same thing will happen when true psychedelics are made available.
If these therapies are approved, access to them is likely to be a problem. The drugs themselves are cheap but the accompanying therapy is not, and there is a shortage of trained psychotherapists. Mental health services often are not adequately covered by health insurance, while the poor and people of color suffer additional burdens of inadequate access. Doblin is committed to health care equity by training additional providers and by investigating whether some of the preparatory and integration sessions might be handled in a group setting. He says it is important that the legal aspects of psychedelics also be addressed so that patients “don't have to go underground” in order to receive this care.

We push boundaries on every major release, for the maintenance release we worked on feedback from customers and addressed some of the issues they have encountered.
In particular, Cypher has been extended with support for the new Bidirectional Traverser Framework, meaning query times are in some cases cut down to a third of what they used to be. Also, Andres spent time optimizing memory consumption, so you can run more and larger Cypher queries faster than ever before!
We got started on extending JVM and Java version support by eliminating compilation issues for Java 7 on both Oracle JVM and OpenJDK – a good first step. We still have some way to go, notably rigorous testing as part of our continuous integration pipeline, and community feedback – this is where you come in. We have had some confusion over this, so we have now inserted checks and warnings that state clearly: we currently only support JDK 6.
For our enterprise customers we have added a new consistency checker that both runs faster and catches more problems, to ensure your backups are always in a good state. And we straightened out some behaviours in our HA protocol around cluster formation that were confusing.
With that and various other fixes we strongly encourage you to upgrade to Neo4j 1.8.1 at your earliest convenience. See also the release-notes.
Lasse, for the Neo4j Team

Top positive review
Watch the doco, read the book
Reviewed in Australia on 23 January 2022
I am not one of those people who collect books for coffee table display reasons......I read the books (gasp). Do watch the doco, and read this book either alongside or after. Great photos, though Linda's were not that flash compared to the other photographer.

COVID-19 councillor check-in
City Hall Watcher #64: talking to Councillor Brad Bradford about working during a pandemic, some transit charts for future reference & more!
Hey again. This week: a new recurring feature that will recur for as long as this whole thing recurs. I’m going to chat with members of Toronto Council about how they’re holding up during the pandemic.
Up first is Councillor Brad Bradford, who tells me how Beaches-East York is handling COVID-19. We talk about how he’s doing his job from his kitchen table during these times of physical distancing, the need to cut back on red tape at City Hall, and what makes him feel optimistic during these turbulent times. Also: he’s got a book recommendation.
In addition to the interview, I’ll dig into the archives for some charts about transit ridership and transit funding.
Watcher/Talker: Brad Bradford on a councillor’s life during COVID-19
Brad Bradford’s temporary office in his home. Photo courtesy Brad Bradford
This past Thursday I spoke to Councillor Brad Bradford, who reps Ward 19 (Beaches-East York). We talked on the phone. Obviously. I was curious about what the day-to-day is like for councillors during these very strange and turbulent times.
This interview has been edited for length.
Matt Elliott: So how is Beaches-East York doing?
Brad Bradford: Well, these are obviously unprecedented times. But, you know, panicking is really a complete waste of time. The challenges are totally different. Communication and the way that we’re communicating with residents is different. But in many respects, the job is the same. It’s responding to people and responding to your constituents, then building capacity and working through the challenges to try to find solutions.
You’re trying to address the concerns of people in Ward 19, but you’re also trying to respond to challenges that are very much citywide issues. And that is how I try and approach the job every day. First and foremost, it’s taking care of the community, but also making sure that we’re responding and moving the needle on the citywide issues. So in that respect, it’s very much the same. But the way we’re doing it and the responses that are needed right now are different.
ME: Walk me through your day — I assume you’re working out of the house.
BB: Yeah, primarily out of the house. I’m still doing curbside drop-off or pick-up for food to support local businesses where possible. But generally, I’m in the home office here, which is just the kitchen table.
Right now we’re receiving between 100 to 150 individual e-mail correspondences every day. So that is high. And a lot of people in uncertain times are reaching out for clarification. They are looking for certainty. And that’s challenging for everyone because we are in uncertain times.
So my team is working through that. You start to build out capacity on status updates on the different files: people who are reaching out because they’re concerned about rent, local businesses concerned about whether or not they are essential services, young families concerned about whether or not it’s safe to go to a park. So you get a lot of the same sort of questions and you build that capacity and then you’re able to provide them with the most current information.
The challenge, of course, is that everything is so fluid and dynamic right now. You could have an update at 10 a.m. and that response could change by 3 p.m. So the rate and the pace at which updates are happening is the challenge that I think is universal right now. For likely all of my colleagues, as well as all levels of government — it’s just communicating the most recent most up-to-date information for something that is moving extremely fast and is extremely fluid.
The top issues that I’m generally hearing about are supporting local businesses, supporting self-employed people, concern around a lack of social distancing, people requesting a stiffer or more stringent approach to the lockdown — I’m actually hearing a lot of calls for that —and assistance for renters.
So what does my day look like? I do a 9 a.m. call. I do an 11 a.m. call. I do a 3 p.m. call. Those are mainly teleconferences with small businesses. Then in the evenings, I’m talking to residents. Last night, I had a Bengali teleconference — I have a very large Bengali population here in the ward. And again, you think of new Canadians and those communities. It’s challenging enough for people to understand what’s going on right now. And now add language barriers or barriers related to technology to the mix. You really need to make extra effort to ensure that we’re communicating effectively to all Torontonians.
ME: You were sounding the alarm about small businesses and retail businesses before this happened. This kicks that into overdrive.
BB: This gets back to how I’m working on both the small things and the big things. Like here’s a small thing: I have Michael Garrett Hospital in my ward. It’s one of the COVID-19 testing centres. People are working around the clock there. Additional staff and resources have been called in. So I was able to secure additional parking spaces for hospital staff. That’s a small thing, but it makes a big difference for those people who are showing up every day to take care of us.
On the bigger picture, it’s about relief and support for small business. So as part of the mayor’s Economic Support Recovery Taskforce, I’ve been tapped to lead our response on local business, and it’s obviously a topic I’m really passionate about. But it’s also something that I think is so desperately needed. And I’m really concerned that so many of our main streets and our local businesses are not going to make it through this. And that’s the emotional part of this. I’m on the phone hearing firsthand about the heartbreaking impacts.
And they’re worried that what they’re hearing from government right now is not going to adequately address the problem. When you hear the federal government going on about airlines and hotels, I understand that those are big employers and big sectors of our economy, but if you talk to residents about what they care about most, it’s the community and it’s the local businesses on the main street.
So as part of the task force I've been reaching out and I set up a survey. I’ve had 232 responses as of 1 p.m. [Thursday] just telling me what the impacts are for them personally right now, and what short term measures would help. And when we get to the other side of this, what can we do to help then?
ME: The short-term response is obviously the priority right now, but are there longer term things that, when things do get back to some kind of normal, you’re going to be looking at in terms of policy or report requests — lessons that you’ve learned in this?
BB: I think on the other side of this it really is an opportunity for us to modernize, to streamline and to simplify our processes. There’s lots of opportunity to reduce red tape. I don’t mean that in a clichéd way. I just mean the fact that there are so many layers of process that are just additive. You know, year after year, we just add another process to things that shouldn’t be so difficult.
Whether that’s street permits or park permits or licensing from MLS, it shouldn’t be so challenging to get the basic city services done and delivered. And yet right now, this has obviously thrown us a loop and we’re seeing just how challenging all that is. So we need to improve our coordination. We need to improve our process. And this may be the catalyst that we need to do that.
But we also need attitudes to change — we need an open mindedness and a willingness to make that change.
ME: To end on a positive note, what are the things that you’ve seen in Beaches-East York that made you stop and think, well, hey, people are good? Tell me about some moments of optimism.
BB: I think you’re seeing it in Beaches-East York and across the city. In this community, neighbours are coming together to help each other out in a time of need — recognizing that it’s difficult when we have requirements for physical distancing.
There are some really creative responses to show support and keep morale up. On my street, for example, one of my neighbours coordinated a window art display where each day we have a theme of artwork. And the kids and parents and people like me are drawing artwork and posting it up in the window so that when they take a walk outside, they can see that we’re all in this together — and it’s something productive to do in the house with the kids. And it’s a feel good moment.
So yesterday’s theme was animals. I think today’s theme is travel. And you’re getting all these different pictures put up in people’s front windows on our street.
There has also been a huge outpouring of support from residents just wanting to get involved and get engaged. So we’ve been helping to coordinate that. But I think you’re seeing an outpouring of support across the city from people who have time, capacity and resources to help. I signed up to donate blood, and I know many of my residents are doing the same. And a lot of the time slots are full. So people are responding to that call from Canadian Blood Services to donate blood.
I think that you’re seeing a lot of support online as well, because that’s where a lot of our communication has been directed. Some social media, Facebook groups, people just reaching out, looking to support and making sure that we’re all checking in on our neighbours. I was on that call with the Bengali community last night and what they’re doing is making phone calls for people who can’t get groceries, and then people who are able-bodied are going out and getting groceries and just dropping them off in front of their door.
We have a local supermarket, Victoria Supermarket on Victoria Park, and they’re offering meat and rice for families who need a little bit of extra support — and that’s just free. You don’t need to buy anything. They’re just giving it away. We also have small businesses who are coordinating to deliver perishables to food banks. Now with all the restaurants closed, there’s a lot of perishable goods and supplies that are not needed right now. And they’re coordinating to drop those off and make sure that we’re getting them into hands of people.
In times of crisis we come together as a community. People step up. They know that it’s collective action that’s going to get us through this.
ME: Last question. I know you’re probably too busy right now for this kind of thing, but a lot of people are stuck at home and maybe getting a bit bored. Any TV, movie or book recommendations you can drop on us?
BB: I’ve been reading Samantha Power’s book, The Education of an Idealist. I also saw that Netflix just dropped a Hillary Clinton documentary. I haven’t gotten into that yet, but I saw that that’s one of the new releases. That’s probably something that I would check out. But you know, truthfully, the days are actually pretty jammed.
Vicious cycle: a cautionary tale for the TTC — in charts
The Toronto Star’s Ben Spurr published a piece last week with updated numbers on how much the TTC is losing each week due to low ridership. The tab so far? $18 million a week.
That’s a staggering sum. It’ll require a massive bailout. And it is likely at some point to raise the spectre of cutting transit expenditures, especially if ridership is slow to recover on the other side of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In Spurr’s article, Councillor Gord Perks warns against service cuts, citing the potential for a vicious cycle.
Some transit watchers say they’ve seen this scenario before, and it didn’t play out well for the TTC. Councillor Gord Perks (Ward 4, Parkdale-High Park), said that when the recession of the early 1990’s started to eat into TTC ridership, the city responded by reducing transit service and raising fares.
According to Perks, that caused a vicious cycle in which transit became less reliable, leading to fewer people riding, which in turn was used to justify further service cuts.
I was curious about whether anyone had ever looked into the TTC service cuts of the 1990s and the eventual recovery, and it turns out someone did.
This is going to sound a bit egotistical, but it was me.
In 2011, I published Karen Stintz and Rob Ford’s TTC problem: there are too many riders.
The post includes this chart, showing the decline of TTC ridership in the 1990s:
And this chart, showing the decline of government subsidies for the TTC in the same period:
And then this chart, which I made myself, showing the huge investment that led to a major ridership recovery — eventually breaking records — in the aughts.
Might be worth keeping these handy for transit funding debates that could crop up in the months ahead.
More from Matt: on how the COVID-19 shelter crisis could have been less disastrous
For the Toronto Star last week, I wrote about how governments could have taken steps to decrease crowding in the shelter system long before COVID-19 became a pandemic. The things shelter workers are doing now are incredible — and heroic — but this crisis lays bare the systemic issues that were left unaddressed for years.
This week, I’ll turn my attention to Airbnb. Landlords are abandoning the service and scrambling to find long-term tenants! And I’m feeling pretty good about it. Look for it tomorrow.
In other news
The CityMapper Index measures the volume of trips planned with their mobility app. It does a good job of showing the effect of the COVID-19 shutdown — we seem to have stabilized at around 20% of typical levels. You can see how Toronto compares to other cities here.
Post City’s Real Estate Roundtable is one of my favourite annual editorial features, bringing together people like former chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat and condo king Brad Lamb to talk about the city’s housing market. This year’s edition obviously takes place under very atypical circumstances, but it’s still very much worth a read. (Or a listen! They’ve got a podcast version this year.)
Something to look forward to: The Toronto Star’s Jennifer Pagliaro brought word Thursday that the Supreme Court of Canada has agreed to hear Toronto’s appeal of Premier Doug Ford’s cut to the size of Toronto Council.
With Universal Basic Income back in the spotlight, TVO’s John Michael McGrath has a smart take on ways to get money to people who need it: a government credit card. “The federal government should make a federally registered and insured zero-interest line of credit available to every adult Canadian.”
With the risk of spread of COVID-19 in the shelter system, the Globe & Mail’s Jeff Gray tells us that some charities are literally distributing tents to homeless people, encouraging them to opt for camping in ravines over chancing the city’s shelter system.
The week at Toronto City Hall
It’s back! After a brief hiatus, the Bid Award Panel — responsible for awarding contracts to bidders — will resume meeting this Wednesday over teleconference. It’s the last bastion of the old municipal structure. I’ve missed it.
WEDNESDAY: 🏆 Bid Award Panel contract award of the week: $15.7 million for the construction of a childcare facility at 1234 Weston Road.
City Hall Watcher #64
In honour of the 64th issue, here’s a quick list of my favourite Nintendo 64 games: Legend of Zelda: Majora’s Mask, Paper Mario, Goldeneye 007, WCW/nWo Revenge, Jet Force Gemini.
Thanks for reading! Hope you dug the interview with Councillor Bradford. If you have suggestions for other councillors I should talk to, I’d love to hear them! Just reply to this message to get in touch with me.
Next week: good news — staff are still updating the Lobbyist Registry! So I’ll bring you a fresh edition of LOBBYIST WATCH. See you on Monday. Until then, stay safe and stay home.

Tea is a tradition that dates back centuries, and while our own tradition is a little young by comparison, our ideals are in harmony with the great tea masters of antiquity. We employ only the finest black teas, real honey, cinnamon and other authentic spices to create subtle infusions that foster the values of tranquility and meditation. Starting in 1992 as the market's first instant chai mix, we have become the official taste of peace and quiet.
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.

Throughout his tenure at Bain, Kiran has advised clients across sphere on strategy, mergers & acquisitions (M&A), corporate finance, customer strategy & marketing and digital transformations.
His sector expertise spans working with digital natives, broadband access and network service providers, as well as integrated, cross-platform and wireless network operators.
Prior to initially joining Bain in 2013, Kiran used to head the Asia operations for another top consulting firm.
He holds an MBA from the University of Michigan Stephen M. Ross School of Business and from HEC Paris.
- “Covid-19: A Moment of Truth for Southeast Asian Telcos,” Infographic, junio 25, 2020

A Beacon Valley orphanage is working with food activists to fight hunger in homes right on its doorstep.
Baitul Ansaar Child Care Centre, a non-profit, launched its food garden, which is part of its 100 Home Project, earlier this month after finding that poverty and hunger were stalking families in the area.
The orphanage, with the help of University of the Western Cape (UWC) medical students, did a survey in the neighbourhood late last year, and what it found was disturbing.
“Many of the homes did not have food during the last week of the month,” said project co-ordinator Zahra Sadeghi.
“Many of the children from the orphanage who were fostered in this community usually return because their foster parents are not fit to look after them properly. We identified these issues and came up with interventions to address them.”
Bushra Razack, the orphanage’s managing director, said they had identified 100 nearby homes that were in need.
The project runs on a value-exchange principle. “If a resident is a carpenter; he or she will help us by maybe fixing a door of one of the needy residents identified within the project,” said Ms Razack.
The food garden is next to the orphanage and residents tend to it.
“We planted vegetables and medicinal plants that help residents with the chronic illnesses they suffer from,” said Ms Razack.
“A few plants will reach harvesting stage in the next several months.”
An auxiliary social worker, who cannot be named due to the sensitive nature of the cases she deals with, said many of the children at the orphanage came from homes were they had either been abused or neglected.
The Slow Food Youth Network is helping the orphanage by teaching people about all things food-related.
Slow Food, a proponent of small-scale agriculture and ethical, environmentally friendly food production, was founded in 1989 as a push back against the growing fast food culture and the unchecked might of food industry giants.
Zayaan Khan, a Slow Food national co-ordinator said the organisation connected young people working in the food industry and aimed to make the food system more sustainable.
“I play a role in the food security component of the 100 Home Project. The information we convey to residents is not prescriptive. We workshop issues identified by the 100 homes and collectively bring about solutions,” said Ms Khan.
She said they taught residents about healthy eating, while helping them revive old recipes and look at the way they spend money on food.
The orphanage, with help from other organisations, hands out food to the 100 homes four times a week. It also hosts girl empowerment workshops and runs fitness classes. Woodstock photographer Mads Norgaard, who replied to a call for photographers to help with the project in early 2016 has documented its progress and shot portraits of the families involved in it.
Ms Razack said the photographs relayed a sense of family. “Our project focused a lot on the collation of raw data and the photographs add a lighter touch to the project,” she said.

Proposed Human Rights Act reforms would fundamentally undermine the rights of humanists
Yesterday, the Government published its long-awaited proposals on reforming the Human Rights Act. If passed into law, these reforms will have a devastating impact on the fundamental rights of humanists.
The Government has announced it wants to reform section 3 of the Act to severely curtail the ability of public authorities and the courts to ‘read in’ human rights-compliant interpretations to legislation, where it is possible to do so. This will stop them from being able to address human rights abuses themselves, instead meaning that a change in the law would be required. An example of such a reading in that has been made regularly by the courts and public authorities before is reading references to ‘religion’ in old laws as being inclusive of non-religious worldviews such as humanism. This crucial power of interpretation is what has underpinned almost all positive developments in the freedom of belief and equal treatment of humanists and the non-religious in the last twenty years.
Without the courts and public authorities having this power, humanists would not have been able to successfully campaign for many important changes. In 2005, humanist marriages became legally recognised in Scotland after the registrar general decided he had to make just such a reading in. In 2018, legally recognised humanist marriages in Northern Ireland were brought about after a judge read into existing marriage law an interpretation that humanist marriage should be understood to be included. Similarly, in 2018 the Welsh Government concluded that humanism had to be equally included in RE for this reason. The same law also applies in England, and dozens of local authorities have made exactly the same reading in in their RE provision. There have also been countless instances where individual humanists have won equality for the non-religious without having to go to court, including challenging the exclusion of humanists from the advisory bodies that set RE syllabuses and securing the provision of humanist and nonreligious pastoral care for the nonreligious in prisons and hospitals.
The Government proposals run directly counter to the recommendation of the Independent Human Rights Act Review Panel’s report into reform of the Act which was also published yesterday. The Panel specifically cautioned against reform of section 3 stating,
‘there is no substantive case for its repeal or amendment other than by way of clarification or for altering either the balance between sections 3 and 4 achieved by the [Act]… any damaging perceptions as to the operation of section 3 are best dispelled by increased data as to its usage.’
Humanist UK Chief Executive Andrew Copson commented,
‘We are extremely concerned by proposals to remove this aspect of the Human Rights Act. Much UK law that today should apply to non-religious citizens as much as to religious ones is wording in an archaic way. Without the existing power of interpretation, freedom of belief for the non-religious will be severely undermined to the detriment of millions of people in the UK.’
Humanists UK leads a coalition of over 230 charities, trades unions, and human rights organisations calling for protection of the Human Rights Act and judicial review. It is believed to be the largest ever UK coalition of groups to campaign on human rights.

If you don't leave your past in the past it will destroy your future. Live for what today has to offer, not for what yesterday has taken away.
When you truly love someone, you don't judge them by their past. You leave it there. Just be happy that their future belongs to you.
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence and face your future without fear.
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
One cannot divine nor forecast the conditions that will make happiness; one only stumbles upon them by chance, in a lucky hour, at the world's end somewhere, and hold fast to the days, as to fortune or fame.
I'm treating you as a friend asking you to share my present minuses in the hope that I can ask you to share my future pluses.
In love, unlike most other passions, the recollection of what you have had and lost is always better than what you can hope for in the future.
What lies behind us, and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
I got my grammar correct today. I always faced problems in present, past and future tenses. I loved you. I love you. I will love you forever.
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains and look forward to what's coming next.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future and accepts you just the way you are.
Look closely at the present you are constructing: it should look like the future you are dreaming.

The Art Of Getting Ready
Just getting to the end of Firestarter... and I'm already starting to read a new book. What is it about Margaret Atwood and Stephen King with 1984? Writers use old ideas and now I'm starting to read a stirring tale set in WWII. It's punny, because it'll be an absolute thrill-ride to go to Thrillerfest, to take a master class with Andrew Gross and work on Lionheart Leaks.
More matter-of-fact, I'm going to The Windsor International Writers Conference around the same time in July and I'll be pitching my latest manuscript. I recently sent-in the query, synopsis and first chapter for Sam Hiyate as I'll be meeting one-on-one with him. It's preparation time, but I'm actually driving my wife nuts and rambling on about The Stoned Theory Of My Own Destruction.
I'll let you know in the next blog why my mind deviates to short fiction, from the aimless middle-aged dude being watched by a poisonous spider to an old dude in a hospital room imagining pink bunny rabbits. In the meantime, I love to receive little big books and really cool stuff for the baby.

Since 1983, Spirit Movers have provided leading Sarasota storage services for both residents and businesses in the area. Whether you're in need of a temporary solution for your seasonal décor or a long-term storage service for your archived company files, trust in the professionals at our Sarasota storage company for a comprehensive solution to your needs for space. Our experts offer flexible services that can be customized in a plan to work for your benefit when you work with one of our storage specialists. Read on below to discover how our storage services can accommodate any sized requirement.
Sarasota Storage Solutions
For personalized customer-oriented support, depend on our storage company in Sarasota. From small loads to large high-value equipment, our professionals have the experience and expertise, along with the capabilities required to keep your belongings safe and secure. Simply drop off your items at our facility or request to have our moving professionals come to your home or business to pack them properly for you. Whether its delicate fine art or bulky industrial equipment, trust in the moving and storage professionals who make your satisfaction a top priority. Learn more about the storage options we provide below:
- Household Storage – From unused dinnerware to knick knacks and collectibles, whatever you need to make room in your house for, consider the storage services from our household storage experts.
- Commercial Storage – High-value equipment, computer systems, and modular furniture… whatever your office or company needs to store, have peace of mind our secure commercial storage solutions will keep your belongings safe.
- Portable Storage - Whether you need temporary storage during a remodel or a personal unit, use our portable storage option for stress-free convenience.
For secure storage solutions in Sarasota, depend on the reliable experts from Spirit Movers. We offer personalized services that can be customized and scaled to fit any need. Contact us today by calling us or filling out our online form to receive your FREE, no-obligation estimate. We look forward to working with you!

Convert to Geometry
Reference – Довідка
- Mode – Режим
Object Mode – Режим Об’єкта
- Menu – Меню
In the 3D Viewport, sketches on the active layer can be converted to geometry, based on the current view settings, by transforming the points recorded when drawing (which make up the strokes) into 3D space. Currently, all points will be used, so it may be necessary to simplify or subdivide parts of the created geometry for standard use. Sketches can currently be converted into curves in Object Mode.
Options – Опції
- Type – Тип
The type of object to convert to.
- Path – Шлях
Create NURBS 3D curves of order 2 (i.e. behaving like polylines).
- Крива Безьє – Bézier Curve
Create Bézier curves, with free «aligned» handles (i.e. also behaving like polylines).
- Polygon Curve
Bézier curve with straight line segments (auto handles).
Converting to Mesh
If you want to convert your sketch to a mesh, simply choose NURBS first, and then convert the created curve to a mesh.
- Bevel Depth
The Bevel Depth to use for the converted curve object.
- Bevel Resolution – Роздільність Скосу
The Bevel Resolution to use for the converted curve object.
- Normalize Weight
Will scale weights value so that they fit into the (0.0 to 1.0) range.
- Radius Factor
Multiplier for the points“ radii (set from the stroke’s width).
- Link Strokes
Will create a single spline, i.e. curve element, from all strokes in active Grease Pencil layer. This is especially useful if you want to use the curve as a path. All the strokes are linked in the curve by «zero weights/radii» sections.
Часування – Timing
Grease Pencil stores «dynamic» data, i.e. how fast strokes are drawn. When converting to curve, this data can be used to create an Evaluate Time F-Curve (in other words, a path animation), that can be used e.g. to control another object’s position along that curve (Follow Path constraint, or, through a driver, Curve modifier). So this allows you to reproduce your drawing movements.
Link Strokes has to be enabled for all timing options.
- Timing Mode
This control lets you choose how timing data is used.
- No Timing
Just create the curve, without any animation data (hence all following options will be hidden).
- Linear – Лінеарно
The path animation will be a linear one.
The path animation will reflect to original timing, including for the «gaps» (i.e. time between strokes drawing).
- Custom Gaps
The path animation will reflect to original timing, but the «gaps» will get custom values. This is especially useful if you want to shorten large pauses between some strokes.
- Frame Range – Діапазон Кадрів
The «length» of the created path animation, in frames. In other words, the highest value of Evaluation Time.
- Start Frame – Кадр Старту
The starting frame of the path animation.
When enabled, the path animation will last exactly the same duration it has taken you to draw the strokes.
- End Frame – Кадр Кінця
When Realtime is disabled, this defines the end frame of the path animation. This means that the drawing timing will be adjusted to fit into the specified range.
- Gap Duration
Custom Gaps only. The average duration (in frames) of each gap between strokes. Please note that, the value will only be exact if Realtime is enabled, otherwise it will be scaled, exactly as the strokes“ timing is.
Example – Приклад
Here is a simple «hand writing» video created with curves converted from sketch data.
The blend-file from the above example can be found here.

The development of cryptocurrencies has opened a whole new universe of possibilities for individuals and companies. People can transmit money across borders without paying a High Commission or risk...
Forgot your password?
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.
Back to login

This is the perfect gift for the Chicago Blackhawks fan that's ready to Rock the Madhouse on Madison this season. Officially licensed by the NHL, this sweater is a V-neck Women's design with a large Blackhawks logo on the front, holiday decor throughout the sleeves and back. Black, Red and White never looked so good.
Size: XS, Small, Medium, Large, XL
Free Shipping is Available! Order Now - the Chicago Blackhawks sweater sold out faster than any other team last holiday season, so get your Ugly Sweater on now!

Cancer can cause uncertainties in your work life. You may not know how it will affect work in the short term or in the future. We know it can be difficult to know where to start or what to say.
We provide a range of information and services to help you understand your options and rights as well as emotional and financial support to help you find your best way through.
Related Stories & Media
If you have or have had cancer, you are protected by law from unfair treatment at work for the rest of your life. This means that it is unlawful for an employer to treat you less favorably (discriminate against you) because of cancer. Under equality laws, employers should try to support you. This includes making reasonable adjustments to help you stay in or return to work when you are ready and able.
We have further detailed information on your rights at work.
Our Work Support Service helps people understand their rights at work after a cancer diagnosis. We offer guidance on how to talk to employers, negotiate adjustments at work, sick pay and taking time off. We can also refer people who need it to one-off legal advice.
You can contact the Work Support Service using the Macmillan Support Line for free on 0808 808 00 00.
Our work support advisers are available Monday to Friday, 8am to 6pm.

What little girl wouldn't love a bracelet named for her favorite princess?
Made with Swarovski crystals,pearls and sterling silver beads.Finished off with what? A tiara of course!*
Add her name to make the bracelet extra special
* charm design subject to change without prior notice. However charm will always be a tiara/crown
Your Account  ::
Shopping Cart  ::
Copyright © 2006-2010 Drama Queen Bows. All Rights Reserved.
Web Design: Simply Creative

Both are convinced
that a sudden surge of emotion bound them together.
Beautiful is such a certainty,
but uncertainty is more beautiful still.
Since they’d never met before, they’re sure
that nothing was happening between them.
What of streets, stairways and corridors
where they could have passed each other long ago?
I’d like to ask them
whether they remember–
Perhaps in a revolving door
ever being face to face?
An “excuse me” in a crowd?
A curt “wrong number” in the receiver?
But I know the answer:
No, they don’t remember.
They’d be greatly astonished to learn
that for a long time
Chance had been playing with them.
Not yet wholly ready
to transform into fate for them
it approached them, then backed off,
stood in their way,
and, suppressing a giggle,
jumped to the side.
There were signs and signals,
even if they couldn’t read them yet.
Perhaps three years ago
or just last Tuesday
a certain leaf fluttered
from one shoulder to another?
Something was dropped and then picked up.
Who knows, maybe the ball that vanished
into childhood’s thicket?
There were doorknobs and doorbells
where one touch had covered another
Suitcases checked and standing side by side.
One night, perhaps, the same dream,
forgotten in waking.
is only a sequel, after all,
and the book of events
is always open halfway through.

The author order is alphabetical, and the authors made equal contributions to the work.
Article first published online: 9 JUL 2008
Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Volume 18, Issue 4, pages 437–456, April 2009
How to Cite
Crossley, T. F., Hurley, J. and Jeon, S.-H. (2009), Physician labour supply in Canada: a cohort analysis. Health Econ., 18: 437–456. doi: 10.1002/hec.1378
This article was published online on 9 July 2008. An error was subsequently identified. This notice is included in the online and print versions to indicate that both have been corrected (16/07/2008).
- Issue published online: 5 MAR 2009
- Article first published online: 9 JUL 2008
- Manuscript Accepted: 14 APR 2008
- Manuscript Revised: 3 MAR 2008
- Manuscript Received: 4 JUN 2007
- labour supply;
- cohort analysis
This paper employs a cohort analysis to examine the relative importance of different factors in explaining changes in the number of hours spent in direct patient care by Canadian general/family practitioners (GPs) over the period 1982–2003. Cohorts are defined by year of graduation from medical school. The results for male GPs indicate that there is little age effect on hours of direct patient care, especially among physicians aged 35–55, there is no strong cohort effect on hours of direct patient care, but there is a secular decline in hours of direct patient care over the period. The results for female GPs indicate that female physicians on average work fewer hours than male physicians, there is a clear age effect on hours of direct patient care, there is no strong cohort effect, and there has been little secular change in average hours of direct patient care. The changing behaviour of male GPs accounted for a greater proportion of the overall decline in hours of direct patient care from the 1980s through the mid-1990s than did the growing proportion of female GPs in the physician stock. Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.

No, I am saying that the Bible is stating that to be the case. All I did was look at Strong's Concordance, searched the word "clay" & came up with a list of all its' occurances & noted it was always in reference to the House of Israel, the northern ten tribes that were scattered into the nations of the western world at the time of the Assyrian captivity.
So then the Jews would be iron? It says they don't 'mingle.' I guess that could mean that even though they are joined together, they don't lose their identity as separate?
41 Whereas you saw the feet and toes, partly of potter's clay and partly of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; yet the strength of the iron shall be in it, just as you saw the iron mixed with ceramic clay. 42 And as the toes of the feet were partly of iron and partly of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong and partly fragile. 43 As you saw iron mixed with ceramic clay, they will mingle with the seed of men; but they will not adhere to one another, just as iron does not mix with clay. Dan 2
In the Bible, "iron" is the element of which most of the weapons of war are made, just look at the history of the use the Christian west has made of this element to wage war against it's internal as well as external foes
So could we conclude that the warlike elements are coming from the Jews [or maybe on behalf of the Jews], not the [fragile, claylike] Christians? I'm just wondering where you are going with this.
Anyway, it's a fascinating theory.
No, the Jews are not "iron", there are Jews & House of Israel living among Christians who maintain their distinct identity apart from the Christian population among whom they live. Judaism is very distinct from Christianity, but Judaism gave birth to Christianity, which is the reason Jews usually live in relative peace with that segment of the world's religious organizations. If you've noticed there are few Jews living in Moslem, Buddhist, or Hindu cultures; Jews are not permitted to live in those cultures.
Where I'm going with this is very simple to follow: using the Biblical explanation to interpret the symbology of the "clay", you can at the same time understand who the legs & feet of "iron" are. So wherever you find Jews living outside of Israel at the "end time", that is where you discover who the "ten toes" are. And what did you discover? You discovered the world's most powerful Navies (ships of Chittum) & armies did you not?
When you allow the Bible to explain its' own symbols, this disallows wiggle room semantics by those who would seek to insert their own opinions about the interpretation of any of the symbols in the Bible, especially when it comes to Bible prophecy. However, it has been my experience that this only makes the "wiggle room semanticists" very peeved at me to suggest only the Bible can be used to explain the Bible.
The second most basic key to understanding anything in Bible prophecy, is to not "interpret the interpretation". One of the most outstanding examples being the 7 ecclesias of the opening chapters of Revelation. The messenger to John clearly states in Rev 1:9-11 that these are endtime congregations located in specific cities, and what do all the wizards of smarts with books to sell do but twist the clearly stated words of Holy Writ, & falsely declare them to be 2000 years of Christian church history.

Minneapolis, MN Metro >
274 W Travelers Trl,
Best takeout in the area!.
General Tso's & Seseme Chicken are great. Spring rolls are yummy too.. They are always very quick here & have a great selection. Employees are very friendly!
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Facebook to see what your friends are up to!
Get the Citysearch Mobile app so you can spend less time searching for great places, and more time enjoying them.
Get it Now

Log In | Join Now
Home > Acura > CL > 1997 > mugenmule420's Acura CL
Want to become a Fan?
Login or Register
Login to Message
View the Ride
Forward to a Friend
Updated on Jan 29, 2013
Before New Headlights:
After New Headlights:
IF YOU LEAVE ME 5 STARS AND COMMENT I WILL DO THE SAME FOR YOU
pg.1 Current Car pictures pg.2 Pictures of the car in the past pg.3 Random installation pictures
Displaying entries 1-5 of 206
very nice looking ride,5*****.
Damn I want that car! 5*s bro
SicK! 5*s Lovin The"ACURA" Thats Whats Up! PEACE!
very nice car 5s
Show Older Comments
You must be logged in to post a comment
Copyright © 1998-2013
CarDomain Network, Inc (a Source Interlink Media LLC Company). All rights reserved.
Part of the SIM Automotive Digital Network.
No, please link my existing CarDomain.com account with
for quick, secure access.
Forgot your password?
Yes! I would like to create a CarDomain.com account with my

IEEE University of Tulsa Student Branch History
History of IEEE Fields at University of Tulsa
Prepared and maintained by the IEEE Student Branch at University of Tulsa.
About the IEEE Student Branch
The IEEE Student Branch at the University of Tulsa was established in NNNN to serve students in the Electrical Engineering Department, but now welcomes students in all IEEE Fields. A list of the current officers with contact information and a description of the current activities of the Student Branch are to be found on its website
[insert link to website]
A year-by-year list of its officers and a summary of its activities can be found on the IEEE Global History Network for prior years. Each of the years in the following table which is a linked to the archived formation for that year.
[upload the annual reports; create the table with links to the uploaded reports]

Spice launches D-1111 dual SIM PDA phone
Spice Mobile launches a dual SIM PDA phone for the Indian market, compatible with both GSM and CDMA technology
Spice Mobiles today launched a dual SIM, GSM and CDMA, PDA phone in the Indian market.
The model D-1111 is compatible with both GSM and CDMA technologies and users can use both SIM cards with a single phone at the same time.
The Spice D-1111 runs on Windows 6.0 OS and is aimed at working professionals. The phone features a 2 mega pixel camera and a memory back up up to 2GB.
The phone also comes preloaded with various value added applications like Nimbuzz, Mitr, Reuters and Opera mini browser.
Though the phone is not a touch screen phone, it features a touchpad for accessing emails.
Spice Mobile is the first country to introduce dual SIM phones in the country, D-88 being its first dual SIM phone. The company had also launched a dual SIM PDA phone D-1100 earlier but it can incorporate two GSM SIMs only.
The Spice D-1111 is priced at Rs 18,499

That is really a big task to support via email. I'd suggest the following:
RedHat 8 and 9 are no longer supported by RedHat. No new updates or patches are being created. Only RedHat Enterprise is supported now and you have to pay for updates & support. That may be difficult from India.
If cost & support are limiting factors, then I'd upgrade to Fedora Core 1 which looks just like RedHat, RPMs and all. It is partially financed by RedHat and they seem to be incorporating Fedora features into their Enterprise edition. Fedora Core 2 is too unstable at the moment. My mail server runs on Fedora Core 1 quite well.
Creating a replacement mail server can be tricky. If users use POP to get mail from the server, then you'll have to recreate all their linux usernames on the new server. I don't know what you need to do if they use IMAP, I've never used it before, but it is the default email system used by Microsoft Exchange.
At the very least you'll have to make sure the files in /etc/mail on the new server matches that of the old one.
DNS & IP addresses will be another issue. You'll probably want to have the new mailserver have a different IP address from the old server. When everything is ready for the switch, then change DNS to point mail to the new server. This link should give you a guideline:
You'll also have to consider other applications running on the mail server. It may not just handle mail, but other things as well. Make sure you do a lot of research just to make sure.

The varsity boys team finished second overall with good showings from several lifters.
Three Trojans captured first place medals at the event. At 165 pounds, Tristan Pelitire took home the gold with a three-lift total of 1,350 pounds. Dillon Torres won the 181-pound division with a total of 1,295 pounds. Cameron Ellerbee in the 275-pound class captured first place with a combined total of 1,415 pounds.
Hilario Luna captured a second place in the 132-pound class with a three-lift total of 960 pounds. Samuel Navarro was fourth at 148 pounds with a total of 1,095. Jacob Flores also placed fourth in the 198-pound division with a three-lift total of 1,305 pounds.
The Lady Trojans had two girls place for a medal. Ashley Olivarez won the 200-pound class with a total of 820 pounds. Alexis Pelitire was third in the 165-pound class with an 805 total.

A successful career search happens one step at a time. Check off tasks related to each academic year to be exceptionally equipped academically, experientially and professionally for life after Fisher.
- Freshmen - Cultivate Connections.
Explore Different Classes and Activities
Try out new subject areas to discover interests and passions. Branch out to join clubs and activities that will allow you to develop your natural skills & strengths.
Attend Freshman Focused Events and Workshops
- Major/Minor Exploratory Fair - Held Fall Semester
- Exploring Majors Workshop - Held each semester
Research Other Majors
- Research different academic majors and career-related fields
- Attend various departmental meetings to learn about expectations
- Talk with fellow students & professors
Get to Know One Faculty Member per Semester
Take advantage of being at a small college, build relationships. One good contact a semester means eight professors to glean advice and recommendation letters from when you graduate!
- Sophomores - Investigate your Identity.
Complete Career Assessments
'Discover your Code' - Take assessment through the Career Center.
- Get debriefing by career counselor
- Get a 14 page report about YOU, your skills, and career fields that match
Participate in Activities
Continue to join activities that relate to your interests, including sports, community service, clubs and extra curricular involvements.
Choose a Major
- See Choosing Your Major [pdf] pamphlet to help you clarify your direction
- Talk to faculty, fellow students and career counselors
- Juniors - Find Your Focus.
Meet with a Career Counselor
Meet with a Career Counselor to discuss:
- Internship options
- Set your job search time line and strategies
Research Fields and Jobs of Interest
Utilize online and hard copy resources to such as:
- Occupational Outlook Handbook
- ‘Fisher Connects’ alumni mentors
- Hoovers Online
Get an Internship and update all Job Search documents
- Go to CareerZone and academic department to get valuable internship advice
- Update resume and create eye-catching cover letter
- See sample resumes on front page of Career Center website
Attend Career Center Events
Attend events such as:
- Rochester Area Career Expo (RACE)
- Mock Interview Night
- Career and Internship Fair
- Graduate School Fair
By attending, you sharpen your professional discussion skills, gain a better idea of what to do after college and obtain helpful advice for the job search.
- Seniors - Become Outward Bound
Meet With a Career Counselor
- Meet with a Career Counselor to update and finalize resumes and cover letters
- Go over your time-line and set specific goals
Fine-Tune Your Career Search Skills
- Attend workshops on interviewing, transition, job search techniques, social media, etc.
- Attend Mock Interviewing Evening
- Research different fields
- Research positions within fields
Network, Network, Network!
- Commit time to go to networking events in your department and sponsored by Career Center
- Ask professors for advice
- Utilize 'Fisher Connects' on the CareerZone to find alumni mentors
- Talk to parents, friends, former bosses...
Target Specific Job Positions/Schools and Start Applying
- Narrow down list and target specific companies/organizations/schools
- Begin application process
- Keep networking!
- Learn about negotiating and salaries

Alternate Ending or not the one posted on ffnet anyway. This makes it completely set pre-series for Supernatural.
The gang wanted Buffy to take the night off, but the Slayer insisted on patrolling. She told them she had taken enough time away from her duties and nothing would keep her mind off Dean Winchester like 'dusting some vamps'.#*#*#*#*#*#
As she strolled through the alleys of Sunnydale, Buffy contemplated having Willow do her spell to make her forget Dean and their summer together, but making Willow return to magic was too dangerous. Buffy wasn't willing to risk her best friend just for a little comfort.
The sky was beginning to brighten and the sounds of the coming dawn filled the air. Buffy was about to return home when she saw a strange tattooed man attack a woman who must have just gotten off work.
Buffy didn't care if it turned out to be random human on human violence; it was not going to happen on her watch. She raced over, grabbed the man by his collar and tossed him like a WWE wrestler off the woman. Keeping her grip on his shirt, she noticed his glowing blue eyes and the way his fingertips sparked.
The man's eyes grew huge with fright as he recognized the Slayer. Instantly, he cowered behind his hands.
"What are you? What did you do to her?" Buffy demanded.
"Nothing, I did nothing to her, gave her a little dream is all," the djinn babbled. "I promise. You arrived before I could do anything else."
"What kind of nightmare did you give her?" Buffy demanded as she checked the unconscious woman.
"Not a nightmare, I assure you. I only give good dreams," the djinn argued. "She's dreaming about her little girl. The child had died of leukemia and this woman has never stopped aching from her loss."
Buffy's raised a skeptical brow. "A monster handing out good dreams. Call me jaded, but I don't believe you."
As the Slayer advanced on him again, the djinn scampered back, pleading, "No, I do, I swear, I only give them what they want, only good dreams. It isn't until after they are peacefully asleep that I can begin to drain their life force."
In a blink of an eye she was on him, throwing him into the nearby bushes.
"Please, Slayer, let me live. I can help you."
"Help me?" Buffy repeated, as she continued her attack. "How can you help me?"
The djinn was backed into a tree; he saw no escape from his death at the hands of the girl towering over him. "You, too, have suffered the loss of a loved one. I can ease your pain."
"Right. You think I'm going to let you feed off me, you're as crazy as those tats on your face." Buffy knew she didn't know how to kill this creature, but she wasn't one to give up a challenge.
She drew her stake up to strike, when the djinn yelled, "Wait! If you let me live, I will ease your pain and I won't feed, I promise."
"Sorry, I don't take the word of monsters."
The djinn grabbed her wrist as she made to drive the spike into his chest. As his hand touched the bare flesh of her wrist, Buffy's actions slowed and she felt a slight sense of comfort. "There, see, that's just a small taste of what I can do, if you spare my life."
Gasping, Buffy withdrew. "Wh-why should I trust you?"
"Because a Slayer's blood is like poison to me, just like my venom has little power over you," he argued. "I am able to help you forget your loss, but it will leave me drained, vulnerable to your attack. But, I am willing to take that risk if you let me return to my children."
"You can't feed from me?"
"It would kill me."
"But you can make me forget Dean?"
"He will be like a long forgotten dream. Locked deep behind a wall in your mind," the djinn promised.
"Okay, do it."
The sun was peeking over the horizon when the djinn slumped against the tree in exhaustion. He was barely alive, but helping the Slayer meant returning to his children. Buffy sat on the dew damp grass watching the sunrise feeling content. She had no memory of Dean Winchester.
The moment consciousness hit him, Dean knew something was horribly wrong. His entire body was in pain. He kept his eyes closed and tried to listen for a clue to tell him what was different. He could hear muffled voices and a quiet, constant beeping. Panic was beginning to grip him.
He knew he was no longer in the motel room with Buffy and he didn't know where she was or if she was okay. He didn't know if whoever had him had done something to her, if they did, he would kill them.
Slowly, he opened his eyes to see his father's very relieved face. "Dean, hey buddy, it's okay. You're going to be okay."
"Dad?" he croaked. "Where -"
"Don't try to talk, yet. You're in the hospital, but you're going to be okay."#*#*#*#*#*#
John snapped shut his phone and tried to give Dean a hopeful look. "Sam must be in class. I'll try again later."
Dean snorted. Sam wasn't in class; Dad and Sam still weren't speaking. "I'll call him when we get to Bobby's."
John nodded and helped Dean into the wheelchair as the nurse entered his room. She handed John some paperwork and gave Dean a cheerful smile. "Take care of yourself, Dean. No more driving in tornadoes, you hear me? We brought you back twice. Don't go testin' whether the third time's a charm."
"Yes, ma'am." Driving. Dean remembered driving during a storm; he remembered the lightening. As he waited for his dad to drive the truck to the hospital entrance, he wondered pointlessly what had happened to his car.
On the drive to Sioux Falls, John hated how quiet Dean was. The boy who usually never shut up, now wouldn't talk at all.
Dean stared out the window. Had all that been a dream? The whole summer, meeting Buffy, taking her home, falling – Dean refused to accept that none of it had happened, that he had imagined all of it. The ache was real. The feeling of losing everything was real. How could Buffy not be real? She couldn't be just some girl he imagined.
Growing up, Dean's fantasy girls had always been helpless Playboy bunny types that needed him to rescue them. They had never been girls like Buffy. They had never been hunters. Why would his mind suddenly create someone like her? She had to be real. Those fantasy girls were never about love, but Dean knew he had been in love with Buffy.#*#*#*#*#*#
Dean jerked away from his father's helping hand when they arrived at Singer Salvage. "Dad, I got it, I'm not a frickin' invalid," he groused as he hopped out of the truck.
"Fine," his father said as patiently as he could. He held out the crutches for Dean to take. "The doc said you're not to put your full weight on it."
Dean snatched the crutches with an angry huff, but hobbling up Bobby's steps took more effort than he realized. Even though it was late autumn, his short journey from the truck to the door made him sweat.
There was something off in Bobby's welcome, but Dean was too tired to worry about it. All he wanted to do was sleep; when he slept, he had amazing dreams.
After getting Dean settled into a room, Bobby said, "The car's coming along. She's got a date with a paint outfit next week. Then she'll be looking good as new."
"Thanks, Bobby," Dean replied quietly, though his expression showed his true gratitude.
Bobby shot a quick look over his shoulder at John. Then asked in a low voice, "Hey, do you happen to remember what happened to you?"
Dean's eyes fell. He remembered everything, but he knew that's not what Bobby meant. "I remember driving in a bad storm and waking up in the hospital."
"Right, well, I'll let you get some rest. Holler if you need anything."
Dean watched Bobby shut the door. Was it just his imagination or did Bobby seem disappointed by his answer? Dean knew he had been to Bobby's twice with Buffy, but there was no way Bobby knew that, was there?
Just as every night since he'd been 'back', Dean dreamed of Buffy.
The Texas heat didn't bother them. The music was loud, but it was a slow song. Dean pulled Buffy up against him and began to sway to the music.
Dean's hands held her tightly to him even as one slid further down her back. The way their bodies slotted together made Dean feel a different kind of heat and Buffy pressed against him, loving the warmth that seeped through his shirt.
He didn't want to be dancing anymore. He wanted to be in their room, in their bed, showing her how much he loved her. Buffy slowly dragged her nails down his back, loving how his muscles felt under her fingers and making him groan softly. "God, I want you," he whispered into her ear.
Buffy met his eyes but didn't have words. He kissed her softly, but it wasn't enough for Buffy, she dragged him into one of the Owl's Nest's backrooms and pressed him against the wall. She sucked on his lower lip and tugged at his shirt in order to touch bare skin.
Dean spun them so she was against the wall. Suddenly, her shorts were gone, his jeans were at his knees, and her legs were wrapping around him. In the next instant he was inside her, practically knocking the breath out of her as his every thrust slammed her into the wall. He slipped a hand under her shirt and cupped her breast and teased her nipple. Buffy had to stop kissing him in order to moan loudly. She panted his name as her body quivered around him.
Dean jolted awake in bed, cursing at empty room.
Even though the caller I.D. Read 'Bobby', Sam was nervous to answer. "Hey, Bobby, how's it going?"
"Hey, Sammy, it's going good now that you've finally answered your phone," Dean said with humor evident in his voice.
"Dean! Ohmigod! Is it really you?"
"Yeah, kid, it's me.-"
"And you're at Bobby's? How? What happened to you? Where were you? Geez man I thought you were dead."
Dean chuckled at Sam's obvious relief and excitement. "Yeah, I'm at Bobby's. Dad found me in a Texas hospital. I guess a tornado got the best of me or something. As to where I was? I don't know. Over the rainbow or in a coma. Take your pick." He decided not to tell Sam about dying.
"Dude," Sam sighed, "you have no idea how good it is to hear your voice."
"You, too, Sammy. But, enough about me. Tell me all about Stanford and the chicks you're scoring with. Lie if you have to. I don't mind."
"I don't know, Bobby, he just seems so miserable," John said staring into his coffee cup.
"You didn't see 'em, John, I'd never seen him so happy," Bobby replied.
"I saw him. He wanted to help me with a case in Alabama."
"Them, John, you didn't see them
, together. They were," Bobby paused, as he remembered how Buffy and Dean looked at each other. "He loved her."
"A Slayer." John shook his head. "And you're sure she's dead?"
"Well, as sure as anyone can be. I have her obit in the other room and I got the same story from that council over in England. The question is, do we tell him?"
John stared at his friend. "I don't know. I guess I'm hoping he won't remember." Then John asked what was really concerning him. "Bobby, Dean wasn't dead. So, where'd we pull him back from? How could they have even … crossed paths?"
"I don't know. That kind of thinking is way above my pay grade."
Dean knew he had been here with Buffy just a few weeks earlier. He could remember it clear as day. He just needed proof; something that told him he didn't imagine the whole thing.
He carefully picked through Bobby's things, careful not to disturb anything that would give his search away. He found nothing on the desk that mentioned him or Buffy. On bookshelf number three he found what he was looking for: VAMPYR
. That was the book Bobby showed Buffy that made her remember everything. Carefully, Dean took the book from the shelf in order to flip through it, but he didn't get far. The obituary for Buffy Summers was tucked in the end page.
He collapsed into Bobby's ratty armchair and read it. He read it a hundred times, until tears blurred his vision, but he didn't believe a word. Buffy wasn't dead. She wasn't. She couldn't be.
How could he have memories of being with her, of seeing this book, if she were dead? How could he have met her if he was in a coma?
He didn't hear his dad come in the room. He only realized John was there when he felt a comforting hand on his shoulder. "I'm so sorry, Dean," John murmured. "I couldn't let you die, son." He moved a few steps away, but kept his eyes on Dean. "I only knew you were lying in that hospital bed, broken and slipping further away every minute."
"I know Dad." Dean wiped his eyes and looked up at John. "The thing is, how does Bobby have this if she and I weren't here this summer? How does he even know who she is?"
"You were here," Bobby said from the doorway. "You were like a spirit. You would just appear and then she would be there, too. When I found out she was a Slayer, we were scared silly."
John and Bobby looked at each other before answering. "A Slayer is very powerful and even though she fights on our side, she's made from demonic energy. We didn't know why she'd be after you."
Dean shook his head. "Buffy wasn't 'after me'. I was helping her remember who she was and where she was from."
"We were worried that she'd harm you or take you with her," John said. "We knew she was dead."
Dean wasn't ready to believe that, yet. "Dad, you would have liked her, she was awesome."
After dinner that night, Dean announced, "When the car's done, I'm leaving for California."
Both Bobby and John were shocked. "You're what?" John asked.
Bobby asked, "Why?"
"Because that is where she and I were headed. Buffy had a sister. I've got to make sure she's all right."
John looked like he didn't approve of Dean's plan. "Dean, don't do this to yourself."
"Dad, she's just a kid. She's living on a hell-mouth. I gotta make sure she's okay."
John nodded slowly. "Then I'll go with you." Seeing Dean's eyes widen in surprise, John added, "Maybe I'll check on Sammy while you check on the girl." The look on Dean's face was the closest to a smile John had seen.
Dean crouched and carefully placed the flowers by Buffy's head stone. "Saved the world a lot," he read. "I bet you did, sweetheart," Dean sighed and stood up. "I'm sorry, Buffy, I'm so damn sorry. I wish I was with you. You gotta know I didn't want to leave, my dad pulled me back. I never would have left you. You've got to believe that."
"I should have told you how much... I should have told you that I loved you long before that last day. It's like some part of me knew I wasn't good enough. A guy like me doesn't get a girl like you, Buffy. Not for keeps anyway." His throat was tightening as his sadness began to grip him. "I miss you so much, Buffy. I'd do anything to..." he stopped himself.
"I hope you're not fighting anymore. I hope you're finally at peace. Don't worry about your sister. I'm going to make sure she's okay. I promise I'm not going to let anything happen to her." He wiped his face. "I hope, wherever you are, you're happy, you deserve to be happy."#*#*#*#*#*#
Dean followed Dawn for two days before he felt confident that she was safe. The girl never seemed to be alone. She'd get rides to and from school and at school she had a small group of friends.
Dean tapped the steering wheel nervously after parking. He read a scrap of paper then checked the address. "1630, just like it was five minutes ago," he complained to himself. "C'mon Winchester, grow a pair. Go knock on the door and check on the sister. Worry about explaining who you are later."
Dean climbed from the car before he chickened out again. Walking up to the door, Dean felt a tightness in his chest. Three quick knocks and he stood back, waiting.
From inside he heard a muffled, "Got it!"
Then, the door flew open and Buffy was standing there with an expectant expression. "Hi."
Dean's mouth fell open and he couldn't answer, he could only stare in shock.
Buffy waved her hand in front of his face. "Hello? Can I help you?" You okay? Do you need something?" She asked with a touch of concern for the mute man on her door step. She looked around him, but saw nothing that looked dangerous.
"B-Buffy? You're – you're..."
"Alive? Yeah," she laughed like her death was an inside joke. "Like Burt Reynolds, the reports of my death were exaggerated. Just trying to avoid the debt collectors," she stopped herself. "Crap, you're not a debt collector are you?" she joked nervously.
Dean's expression fell as his heart broke. She didn't know him at all. There wasn't the slightest recognition in her eyes. "No, I, uh." A noise from behind her drew their attention.
"Who was at the door, love?" Spike asked, as he rummaged through a drawer looking for a match for the cigarette hanging from his lips.
Dean stared at the man and completely missed Buffy's eye roll at Spike's phony endearment. She turned back to Dean and made a rotating motion with her hand to tell him to hurry up. "So, what did you say you wanted?"
Dean gave her a tight lipped smile. "Nothing," he answered quietly. "I'll let you get back to your – life."
"Oh-kay," Buffy drew out the word as she wondered why the guy had knocked if he didn't want anything. Did he need her help? But, before she could ask, he turned and hurried down the steps of her porch. "Hey, wait," she called after him. "Are you sure you're okay?"
She easily caught up with him on the sidewalk. Once again, Dean found himself staring, unable to speak. "Do you need help?" she asked with true concern in her voice.
She looked different. She had cut her hair and Dean ached to touch it. "Yeah, no, I'm fine. I, uh, got the wrong address." He could tell from her expression she didn't believe him, but he didn't know what to say. He tried to give her a reassuring smile, but he was dying inside. He simply had to get away from her.
The thought of her not knowing him hurt nearly as much as the thought of her being dead. He knew she'd forget him, but he had hoped it wouldn't be so completely or so quickly. He told himself to be happy; Buffy's alive. She's alive and back with her family and friends. She didn't know him, she didn't need him, she wasn't pregnant... she was fine. He would have been a complicated mess to explain.
Buffy felt a strange buzzing in her brain as she watched him drive away. Where had she seen that car before? But, if she worried about every odd thing in Sunnydale, she'd never get rest.
Feeling like a creeper, Dean spent the next two nights stalking Buffy. Loaded with weapons, he followed her at what he hoped was a discreet distance. The first night, he watched in horror as she was surrounded by three vampires. He rushed forward with his gun drawn, but she turned them to dust before he could take aim. The encounter left Buffy unscathed and it left Dean in awe. He remembered her saying she had wanted to quit, had wanted a normal life, but this Buffy looked like she was born for the job.
The second night was the last Dean spent in Sunnydale. He followed her again. But on this night, instead of battling evil creatures, he watched as she argued with 'Billy Idol'. When the argument turned into a passionate make-up make-out, Dean left.
Buffy had her life back - her sister, her friends, her boyfriend, her 'job'; she didn't need him.#*#*#*#*#*#
In Palo Alto the next day, Dean wasn't surprised to hear that Sam hadn't seen John. It was like their father to 'check on' Sam without actually talking to him. Dean pretended not to remember anything about his summer. When Sam told him about a girl that had come looking for him, Dean gave him a knowing smirk. "Girls are always looking for me, Sammy."
July, 2003 – Athens, Ohio
"You know Dean, if you wanted out of this relationship; you just had to say so. You don't have lie or make up crazy stories about ghosts and monsters."
"I'm not lying Cassie, and I don't want out!"
"Yeah, right. Well, guess what? That's what I want! You out!"
"Fine!" Dean grabbed his duffel and the jacket that had been hanging on the rack and walked out the door.
He slammed the lid of his trunk, Cassie slammed the door to her place, and Dean knew he had made a mistake. No girl was ever going to replace Buffy; he had been stupid to try with Cassie.
He met Cassie two months after watching the news coverage of the small town of Sunnydale, California being swallowed by a 'sink hole'. He was sure Buffy would have died before letting that happen to her town.
He pursued Cassie because she was nothing like Buffy; from the way she looked to the way she talked, Cassie couldn't have been more Buffy's opposite if she tried.
Dean had foolishly thought that would be enough to help him forget his feelings for the Slayer.
September, 2003 – Apalachicola, Florida
Tourist season was over and the small town was suddenly peaceful. Buffy no longer had to wait for out of town drivers to find their way and there was no waiting for service at the small cafe she frequented.
She was a Slayer taking a much deserved break after saving the world, again
. However, this time stopping the apocalypse also meant moving cross country to Cleveland, Ohio. Once everyone was settled, Buffy took off. She packed a bag and headed south and didn't know where she was going 'til she got there. 'There' was a vacation bungalow in Apalachicola, Florida and Buffy was planning on staying as long as she could. Dawn and Giles checked in every other day, but for the most part, Buffy was allowed to peacefully recharge.
After nearly six weeks of non-stop hunting, Dean was burned out. But more than that, he was tired of his father. Six weeks of being forced to follow his father's constant orders made Dean ready to kill the man. It was too much for both of them, and when John announced he was going to help Martin Creaser with a job in Michigan, Dean jumped at the chance for a much needed break from hunting and from his father.
He drove all night, his goal being the Florida Keys; however, the news of a hurricane forced him to stop in Apalachicola, at the first motel he saw.
"Hi! Welcome to the SandDollar. What can I do you for?" the woman wearing a Shannon name-tag asked.
"I need a room for the night, day, whatever," Dean babbled as he got out a credit card.
Shannon grabbed his card and gave him a sugary smile. "Well, Mr. Bonham, I'd love to give you a room, but check in's not 'til three." She handed him a form to complete.
Dean stared blankly at her for a moment. "That's fine, you can charge me for two days, I don't care. I just need to crash."
"I don't think that's our policy," Shannon replied with a tight fake smile. Didn't this guy know there was a storm heading their way?
Dean groaned. Checking her name tag he said, "Okay, Shannon, is there another place nearby that will rent me a room before three?"
"Well, sure, there's lots of them."
Dean held out his hand for his card. "Great, if you return my card, I'll be on my way."
"But, most of them are closed, now. Season's over and there's a hurricane comin'. So, most places just shut down. We were in the process of stripping the rooms ourselves."
Dean sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. "Got it. My card?" he repeated hoping to have it returned so he could be on his way to the next motel.
Shannon took pity on the exhausted man. "Tell you what, hun, I can get you in by one o'clock if you don't mind a room by the road."
Dean checked his watch. That would be just under three hours. "Great, I'll take it."
Shannon smiled and began his paperwork.
"Is there a decent diner still open? I just need some coffee."
"No, but that's only because this town doesn't have a decent diner in the first place. But, if it's coffee you want, there's a little place down about three blocks with the best coffee and bakery in the panhandle."
Dean saw her as he absentmindedly held open the door of the bakery/coffee shop. She nodded her thanks and smiled, then went to place her order at the counter. But, Dean did a double take. He knew his eyes were playing tricks on him, not every petite blond was Buffy, but that wasn't going to stop him from watching the girl's every move.
He sat on the bench outside the store, pretending to read the local 'penny pincher' paper and waited for her to leave. When she did, she walked straight to him, leaving him with no doubt that she was Buffy.
"Hey," she said with a smile that made Dean stare in shock.
"Uh, hey," he said uncertainly.
"You got the last beignets."
"Oh, uh, sorry, you want them?" he asked holding out the small bag.
"No," she laughed. "Just eat them while they're still warm. Don't let them go to waste."
Dean swallowed dryly and tried to smile. "Okay, thanks, I guess."
"Have a nice day," she called cheerfully as she strolled away.
Dean smacked himself in the face. Okay
, he repeated to himself in a mocking tone. You don't see her for two years and all you say is 'okay'?
He instantly began to look for her, spotting her walking into a shop across the street.
He took a couple of deep breaths. Stay here; see where she goes next,
he told himself. But, after two minutes and a beignet, Dean found himself crossing the street, heading for the store she entered. It was of course at that moment, Buffy chose to leave the shop.
If she noticed him, she didn't let on. Instead, she hopped in a white Jeep and drove off, leaving Dean staring after her.
Knowing he couldn't follow her on foot, Dean headed back to the SandDollar for the Impala. He planned to casually drive around until he spotted her Jeep. For the next hour, he drove up and down each street hoping to spot her, but he had no luck. Finally, he stopped at a small drug store to pick up some supplies before he returned to the motel.
On his way out of the store, he saw Buffy at a different register. He slowed his walk to a near shuffle, allowing her to catch up to him. But, she breezed right passed him like she didn't see him.
However this time, he followed her successfully. She drove to her rented bungalow, and put the top on her Jeep before going inside. Dean made a note of the address. He'd go back, he told himself, once he knew what to say.
From inside the house, Buffy watched the sleek black car cruise by. She had seen that car before. She was almost certain she had seen that guy before, too. No one was supposed to know where she was, so how did this guy find her? She wasn't one to believe in random coincidences.
She called her sister. "Dawn, did you tell anyone where I am?"
"No, Buffy, I swear. Why? What happened?" Dawn knew her sister wouldn't ask if there wasn't a reason.
"It might be nothing, but, a guy was following me, today."
"What kind of guy?"
Buffy rolled her eyes. "A guy – guy. He didn't seem evil, You know – no setting off my spidey senses but he had kind of a strange vibe. He was definitely following me and I got the weird feeling I've seen him before."
"You think he was a vamp? Or a demon?"
"Not a vamp – daytime. But I'm not ruling out demon. Is Giles around?"
"Yeah, I'll get him."
After telling Giles the same thing she had told Dawn, she waited for his advice.
"Well, it could be a coincidence, you said yourself there aren't many places open. Perhaps the two of you just happened to be at the same place."
"Is that what you really think Giles?" Buffy asked, barely disguising her doubt.
"No," he begrudgingly admitted, "but you're supposed to be on vacation, so I'd rather it didn't involve you facing a demon."
Buffy sighed. "Well, vacation's almost over. Maybe this guy is just what I need to ease back into slaying."
"Buffy, be careful."
"Giles, you know me. I'm the queen of careful."
Dean had slept for hours, and he was now wide awake. He showered and decided to drive over to Buffy's and... and there's where his plan stopped. He had no clue what to say to her. 'Hi, I'm Dean. Remember me? We were in love with each other.' Yeah, that would work. If she didn't remember him before, why would she know him now?
He sighed, "I might as well hit a bar and see if that helps me think of something."#*#*#*#*#*#
Dean watched the muted weather report, and drank a bottle of Hurricane Reef beer, his thumb nail scratching at the label's edge. He had just nodded to the bartender for another one when he heard. "Hey, you must be following me!" He turned to see Buffy.
When he finally found his voice, it came out in a dry cough, "I'm not."
Buffy squinted at him. "You sure? I mean, first, you're at the bakery, then the drugstore and now you're at the same bar as me?"
Dean blinked dumbly for a moment. "I'm -"
Buffy began to grin playfully. "I know. After all, you were here first, and at the bakery first. Maybe I'm following you," she teased with a soft push on his arm.
Dean tried to smile as he nodded.
"I'm not stalking you, I swear," she said when she saw his somewhat nervous face.
"Didn't think you were. I mean, why would you, right?" Dean asked sounding as nervous as he looked.
The bartender saved him by delivering his beer and placing a napkin in front of Buffy. "What'll it be, Buffy?"
"Margarita on the rocks, no salt."
Her order made Dean smile to himself. "Careful, those can be stronger than you think. I knew this girl who got sloppy drunk on those and I had to carry her home."
"Oh, I know my limit. And maybe that girl was looking for an excuse to get you to carry her?" Buffy asked as the bartender delivered her drink.
Dean's only response was a small smile. He motioned to his money. "I got it, here."
"No, you don't have to buy me a drink. I got it," Buffy said fumbling for her purse, hoping to get her wallet without letting him see the stake she carried.
The bartender rolled her eyes at Dean and Dean motioned to his money again. She was at the register by the time Buffy had her wallet in hand.
"Oh," she pouted, "Thank you." She shifted in her seat as if she were a little shy. "Well if you're going to buy me a drink, can you at least tell me your name?"
"I'm Buffy. Nice to meet you, Dean." She raised her drink in toast and clinked Dean's beer bottle.
Watching her suck at her straw sent Dean's mind to the gutter so fast it should have caused motion sickness. He quickly looked away and back to the television.
Buffy twisted in her seat. "So, Dean, what brings you to lovely Apalachicola in the off season?"
"Uh, sort of an impromptu vacation. My job got a bit, um, stressful, I guess. I kinda wanted some time off. How about you? What brings you here?"
Buffy gave him a small smile; maybe he wasn't a demon. "Kinda the same thing. Work got like beyond stressful but, despite that, I had a very
successful year, big
year, accomplished a lot. So, I thought I'd treat myself to a vacation."
Dean studied her for a moment, basking in the fact that she was there and not in the sink hole that Sunnydale had become. "Good for you, sounds like you deserve it." He tipped his beer to her.
She gave him an honest smile. "Thanks, Dean." Buffy stirred her drink so that she didn't have to look at him. Okay
, she told herself, this guy is the cutest guy you've seen in months, maybe years. Don't blow it. Make sure he's not evil.
"So, uh, where are you staying? I mean, how long are you staying?"
Dean wrinkled his brow in thought. "Uh, I don't know the name of the place. It's the one with the big, um," his hands formed a circle to illustrate his point, "sand dollar looking thing on the sign."
Buffy chuckled. "That's because it's called the SandDollar."
Dean grinned in slight embarrassment, "Right. I knew that. The SandDollar. And I'm not sure how long I'm staying."
Buffy nodded. "With the season over, this town got pretty quiet. You'll probably find it boring. The storm must have chased away some people, too."
"I don't mind quiet." Dean glanced at the radar on the television. "And it looks like the worst of the hurricane is going to miss this place." They sat quietly for a minute then Dean asked, "What about you, where are you staying? Or do you live here?"
"I rented a bungalow because I planned on staying for a while. It's small, but it's exactly what I wanted."
"Must be nice." Dean said implying that it must have cost a lot.
"Well, remember the 'way stressful job'? I made them pay for it." Dean moved back looking impressed. "Like I said before, very
successful year. Lots
accomplishments. Let's just say they owed me."
Dean nodded and noticed that Buffy had nearly finished her drink. He really hoped that didn't mean she was leaving. He did a quick look around the bar hoping to find a reason for her to stay there. Dart board, definitely not playing darts, could be awkward. Pool table... "Hey, Buffy, do you play pool?"
Buffy made a face thinking that at least pool gave her a weapon. "I'm not very good, but I'll play if you want."
Dean smiled widely and called, "Hey, bartender, can I get some change over here?"#*#*#*#*#*#This is both the best and the worst idea you've ever had, Winchester,
Dean told himself as he watched Buffy bend over the table for the break.
Buffy was never so happy to be bad at something. Her lack of pool playing skills meant Dean was spending most of the time bent over the table, and that was definitely okay by Buffy. She wished she had acted like she didn't know how to play, so that Dean would wrap around her to 'teach' her how to make a shot, but her competitive side hadn't let that happen. It didn't make her stop thinking about the feel of his arms around her, though.Whoa, find out whether he's evil first. Besides, you're not the kind of girl that jumps random guys in bars,
she told herself. Then, Dean winked at her as he sank another shot. For one night you could be that girl, Buffy, come on, you're on vacation. Just look at that guy, it would be so worth it,
she pleaded with herself. She gave herself a mental slap. Remember, might be evil not just cute.
When Dean won the game, Buffy said, "I should buy you a drink for how easily you beat me." She hoped that didn't seem like a desperate attempt to keep his company, but there was something in the way Dean's eyes shifted from hers to her lips and back, that made Buffy tingle all over.
When Dean had no reaction to the Holy Water Buffy added to his beer, the Slayer relaxed. She hoped he wasn't a creepy human, but that was easier to handle than a demon. The moment Buffy began to let down her guard, Dean would touch her or look at her a certain way and she would feel a strange buzzing in her mind like a swarm of angry hornets.#*#*#*#*#*#
Dean began to relax as the evening went on. Buffy may not remember him, but it was still fun to hang out with her.
"Hey, Buffy, better hope you have the top up on that jeep. It's coming down a like a sonuvabitch out there," the bartender called to her.
Buffy peeked out the window to see the rain, and muttered, "Crap."
"What's wrong? Forget to put the top up?" Dean asked.
"The jeep's fine. I walked here." She scowled when a quick look at the radar on the TV informed her the rain wasn't going to be over soon.
"I can give you a ride," Dean suggested, hoping it sounded like an innocent offer.
Trapped in a car with the guy, Buffy mused, not the best idea; but the weapons she carried in her purse would stop a human as easily as they'd stop a vampire.
"Thanks, I really appreciate it," she finally said.
Dean had hoped she'd let him take her home. He thought the more time they spent together the better the chance that she'd remember him.
Together they raced to the Impala. The moment she was inside the car, the swarm of angry hornets started buzzing even louder. Buffy winced and put a hand to her head. Somehow, she knew the door would creak when she opened it. She looked around the interior and knew if reached under her seat she'd find a Motley Crue cassette jammed in the rail.
Finally, she said, "Do you ever get deja vu?"Yeah, all frickin' night.
Dean shrugged, "Yeah, I guess, why?"
Buffy shrugged it off. Where had she seen this car before today?
"Which way do I go?" Dean asked, even though he knew exactly where her bungalow was.
"Follow Beach Front Road. I'm just a little ways down the street." Buffy leaned over to turn on the heat, knowing that if she did, she'd hear a rattle from the front vent.#*#*#*#*#*#
The buzz of hornets was drowned out by the racing of her heart. As they neared her house, her every nerve was on edge. "Here!" she nearly shouted. "Pull in here."
The moment the car stopped, Buffy turned to him with wide eyes. "Who are you? What are you? What do you want from me?" She held her stake in her hand, but kept it hidden from Dean.
Dean stared at her in shock, not knowing what had made her question him like an attacker. "I'm nobody, Buffy. I don't want anything, I swear."
"Bullshit. You were following me today, I saw you drive by." She tried to growl menacingly, but the annoying buzzing in her brain was driving her crazy.
"I wasn't -" Dean began to explain, but Buffy cut him off.
"And I've seen this car before. I know this car. I knew the door would creak, I knew that vent would rattle, I know Doctor Feelgood
is stuck under this seat!"
"I, I don't know," Dean stammered in shock. "We never met before today."
Buffy's eyes narrowed. "You seem like a nice guy, Dean, and I don't want to hurt you, but you better start telling the truth."
"I am. You don't know me." Dean looked away from her. "You should get inside. It's coming down pretty hard." When Buffy didn't make a move to leave, he added, "I'm not going to hurt you. Heck, if you want, I'll leave town in the morning. You can forget you ever saw me." Again.
The sadness in his expression tugged at something inside Buffy. Somewhere deep down, she knew she hadn't wanted to hurt him in this way. "Tell me who you are. How do I know you?" she demanded, grabbing his arm gently. The moment she touched his bare arm, the buzzing increased to a painful level. She hissed and her hands flew to her temples.
She fumbled for the door handle and practically fell out of the car. The buzzing was so loud, so painful, she could barely open her eyes and she began to stumble in the rain.
Dean rushed over to her, wrapping an arm around her to support her. "Buffy? What's wrong?"
She shoved him. "Get away from me!"
As Dean fell back, so did she. "Buffy, I'm trying to help you. I would never hurt you,” he said, pushing himself up.
An image of Dean saying those same words flashed in Buffy's mind. It felt like the buzzing was going to tear her head in two. She winced and held her head.
Confused at seeing her pain, Dean whispered, "Buffy?" and rushed to her aide.
She tried to look at him, she tried to push him away, but the pain was too intense and she fell.
Dean picked her up and carried her to her porch. He rifled through her bag for her keys, so he could get her in the house.
The moment he set her down, Buffy fought against the pain. Seeing his attention wasn't on her, she tried to move so she could attack, but instead, she crumbled against him.
"Buffy!" Dean grabbed her, unlocked the door, carried her into her house, and lay her on a couch. He tried the lights, but nothing had power. In a frantic search of the room, he found a jar candle and pulled his lighter from his pocket.
As he did, Buffy said, "Your lighter is gold and it's one of those old kinds that flip open. And you have a scar on your hand."
Dean faced her, staring at her in the near complete darkness. He was too stunned to speak.
"Dean, tell me how I know these things. Tell me who you are, please," she begged. The painful buzzing was quieter, but now she had the feeling of being in a thick fog.
With shaking hands, Dean lit the candle and set it on the table. Buffy had moved on the couch giving him a space to sit. He sat at the edge, ready to leave the moment she told him to. "I don't know how you know those things, because we never actually met before tonight," he said.
"Then, how do I know those things?"
"I saw you in Sunnydale once, but we only said a few words to each other." He watched the candle flicker so he wouldn't have to look at her. "You don't know me."
Buffy stared at him in the soft light from the candle, she knew there was more. She was struck with the sudden feeling that she knew exactly how his lips felt against hers; she knew the soft noise he made when she kissed his neck; she knew how that slight scruff - not quite beard felt under her fingers and beneath her lips.
She knew she was one step away from all the answers.
"That's not true," she whispered; moving closer to him. When he turned to her to argue, she kissed him. It was just a peck, but it didn't hurt and the buzzing was silenced. That was the answer. She blinked then leaned in and kissed him again.
This time as they kissed, Buffy was flooded with memories, every moment they shared that summer came rushing through her mind like a private clip reel.
"Dean," she gasped. "Dean."
He pulled back, wanting so much more, but she didn't know who he was. He would apologize, but the ache he felt kept him from speaking.
"Dean?" she gently stroked his cheek and he finally looked at her again.
Dean sucked in a breath when he saw recognition in her eyes. They stared at each other for what felt like an eternity. She knew him.
The next instant, Dean had Buffy in his lap. She was kissing his lips, his jaw, his neck and murmuring his name over and over.
"Why didn't you tell me who you were?" she asked, at last, though she didn't move out of their embrace.
"I didn't know how," he admitted, his eyes pleading for understanding. "What was I supposed to say? 'You don't know me, but I dreamt we spent this incredible summer together?' I didn't know if it was real."
Buffy continued to stare at him as she ran her fingers through his damp hair. "I thought you were dead."
"I went to see you in Sunnydale. Do you remember?" Buffy shook her head and fought her tears. "I went to check on your sister, like we had planned, but there you were, alive and you had cut your hair," he said quietly, taking up a blond lock and letting it slide through his fingers. Then, he smiled sadly. "And you were living with Billy Idol."
Buffy was confused for a moment. "Billy? – Oh. That was Spike. Not a -" How could she describe that relationship? "Spike was a friend."
Dean couldn't believe this was happening. He looked at her in awe. Tucking a strand of her damp hair behind her ear, he asked, “I'm not dreaming right? You're real. This is really happening?”
“Yes,” Buffy answered, kissing him again.
"We were going to have a baby," she whispered. She remembered the look on his face when she told him the news and tears formed. "Dean, our baby."
"I'm so sorry, Buffy," he whispered on a tight breath. Thinking of the last time they had been together, he thought about how ready he had been to give everything up to be with her. He gently caressed her cheek, wishing he could take away all the pain the memories caused her.
Buffy shook her head, Dean didn't have to apologize. "Ever since I came back, I felt like I had this, this hole, this big bottomless hole inside me, like I was missing something, something important, but I didn't know what it was." Buffy framed his face in her hands. "But now I do. It was you." She kissed him again, gently, willing him to believe her.
She crawled off his lap and curled up next to him. "Dean, I missed you so much that I had some type of demon block my memories of you. I would have these wonderful dreams about you, about us. Even after the demon did his magic, I would still see you in my dreams, sometimes, I just didn't know who you were," Buffy confessed.
"Me, too," Dean said. "I kinda hated those dreams. Everything would be great, then I'd wake up."
Buffy laughed in agreement. "I so
know what you mean." She wrapped his hand in hers. "How long is this 'vacation' of yours?"
"I don't know. Today was the first day."
Buffy smiled to herself. "I have this place for ten more days."
"I could spend a day or two here, if you want," Dean suggested casually.
“I'd like that.” Buffy stood and pulled him up after her. "We should get out of these wet clothes before we catch a cold." Her hands were already tugging on his t-shirt.
Dean grinned and worked the buttons on her shirt. "Do you remember our favorite way to spend a rainy day?" he whispered as he peeled off her shirt and kissed her neck.
Buffy moaned softly as their damp bodies pressed together. "Remind me," she replied in a throaty whispered that made Dean's insides stir.
"I intend to make it something you never forget."
Thank you so much for reading. All your thoughtful reviews have really meant a lot to me. Thanks to TwistedSlinky who made some gorgeous art for the story over on lj if you care to look her up over there.

► Build recognition
► Meet the right people
► Expand your business
► Strengthen your network
► Learn about business opportunities
► Business development
► Education and Information
► Communications & Research
Lost Your Password?
Your browser does not support iframes.
September 5th, 2013
Double Eagle Awards Gala Dinner
Each year, the Mid America cha...
June 11th, 2013
Mexico, the U.S. and the Road Ahead, with Shanon O'Neill
Two Nations Indivisible tells ...
To learn about Mexican Cultural events in the Chicago area please click here…
© 2013 USMCOC - United States-Mexico
Chamber of Commerce Mid America Chapter . All rights reserved

Do you have questions about our company or products? Please email us at one of the appropriate email addresses below. All inquiries are usually answered within 24-72 hours during business days.
email@example.com - For all general company and product related questions.
firstname.lastname@example.org - For all Order and Sales related questions
email@example.com - For all Product Support questions, but first visit our our Support Section
Review our Return Policy before buying - We reccomend trying a product before buying.

Latest Team Rankings
Free Text Alerts
|ShopMobileRadio RSSRivals.com Yahoo! Sports|
|College Teams||High Schools|
September 7, 2010Each Tuesday during the fall Huskeronline.com will sum up the weekly press conference with a "five things we learned" feature.
Nebraska held their second press conference of the year today and here are five things we learned heading into the Idaho game week, along with the quote of the day and the funniest moment from Tuesday.
1 - Responding to adversity
Everybody saw what redshirt freshman quarterback Taylor Martinez did on Saturday against Western Kentucky, but the real next step in his career will be responding to adversity
Ultimately this is what separates the good quarterbacks from the great ones. Last year at times Zac Lee did not handle adversity well, particular in early season losses to Virginia Tech and Iowa State.
Offensive coordinator Shawn Watson said this will be a huge hurdle for Martinez to cross and the staff has done their best to prepare him for the adverse times in practice.
Expect a tougher test this week against Idaho, but nothing like he'll see on Sept. 18 at Washington.
2- Becoming better communicators on defense
A year ago we saw almost this exact same thing happen with the defense. NU's young linebackers struggled at times to get the defensive calls and checks to the front four and secondary.
With two fresh faces at linebacker on the field this past Saturday, we saw nearly the exact same thing from Alonzo Whaley and Lavonte David.
Head coach Bo Pelini said this is an area that has to get better. There's no reason it shouldn't either, as the WKU game was the first ever action Whaley and David have ever seen in their careers.
3 - Enderle will challenge Husker secondary
I always wondered why teams like Colorado, Kansas and Kansas State passed up on North Platte native Nathan Enderle at quarterback. Former Nebraska head coach Bill Callahan even made a late run at Enderle after Josh Freeman decommitted from the Huskers days before the early signing period in December of 2005.
Enderle could have chosen to follow his lifelong dream of being a Husker, but he decided to stay loyal to the Vandals and not pull a Josh Freeman and back out at the last moment. Anybody that was around Enderle at North Platte could tell you they knew he would be successful. He was a 4.0 student in the classroom and he scored a 32 on the ACT. He also possessed one of the strongest arms in the country and he held the longest ball competition record at Nebraska's quarterback camp for several years with a mark of 70 yards.
There hasn't been a better NFL prospect at the quarterback position to come out of the state of Nebraska in the last several years. Most experts project the 6-foot-5, 240 pound Enderle to go anywhere from rounds four to seven.
Expect Enderle's arm strength and experience to challenge Nebraska's defense on Saturday. He has the ability to make all the throws.
4 - Thenarse thrives in underdog role
Most of us counted senior Rickey Thenarse out of the mix at safety this fall. For the first time in Thenarse's Husker career he was considered an underdog and not much was expected out of him other than being a special teams contributor.
That all changed though when Thenarse returned back to practice this spring after tearing his ACL a year ago. Thenarase has become a smarter football player and his year off has helped him understand the game of football better.
Thenarse's hard work has paid off and he won the starting job at safety this past Saturday alongside DeJon Gomes. Maybe the most interesting thing with Thenarse now is he's no longer on kickoff and punt coverage, areas where he thrived before as a Husker.
Thenarse said the reason why he's no longer covering kicks is because of the injury risk. All of his major injuries have happened on kickoff coverage when he's laid his body on the line to make a play. The coaching staff decided it was best for him to concentrate on just defense and not risking himself on making a play in kick coverage. If anything, this should show people how valuable Pelini and Marvin Sanders consider Thenarse on the defense that they no longer want him on kickoff coverage.
5 - Caputo is sometimes undervalued
I found it interesting that Watson said there hasn't been much of a drop off at the center position after losing Jacob Hickman a year ago.
Watson said that junior Mike Caputo played great this past Saturday and he has the ability to be a very good center.
Pelini also commented on Caputo and said you don't have to be a big guy to be a good center. Pelini said most of the great centers he was around at places like LSU were all 260 to 270 pounds and somewhat undersized just like Caputo. Pound for pound there may not be a stronger guy on the football team right now.
I'll have to give to Millard North head coach Fred Petito when Caputo first walked on here. Despite the fact Caputo had no Division I offers in hand, Petito always referred to Caputo as one of the best linemen to come through his program and he felt pretty good about his chances to see the field at NU some day.

By Andrea Lynn Should you want to revisit your youth in the midst of the wintry chill and curl up with a few good children's books, you have an additional 58,000 to choose from since the UI Library received an early Christmas present. With the 43,000 children's volumes already on its shelves, plus its nearly 48,000 volumes of classroom texts, the UI Library now has a children's and young adult collection second only to that of the Library of Congress. Yet another 14,000 books came to the university's library school a year ago, when the Center for Children's Books was transferred from the University of Chicago to the UI The new free cache also came from Chicago - from the Center for Research Libraries. Among other things, the national association of research libraries wanted to place the collection where it could better serve scholarship. CRL got proposals from 14 sites and in the end chose the UI. "Illinois had a good proposal," said Patricia Finney, head of stack management at the center. "One of the criteria was the strength of pre-existing children's collections and dedication to that genre of literature, and Illinois most certainly met that criterion. It also intends to make the collection available to the rest of the world." Most of the CRL books, which are neither cataloged nor inventoried, are U.S. titles published after 1950; about 15 percent of the titles are pre-1950 or British imprints. The nearly comprehensive CRL collection was formed over decades from deposits primarily by the Center for Children's Books, which received review copies of every children's book published in the United States. While many - if not most - people would be appalled by the idea of 1,120 boxes of uncataloged books being dropped on their curb one Saturday in November, Nancy O'Brien, a professor of library administration and the acting head of the university's Education and Social Science Library, is delighted. "It will be just marvelous for everybody in the world to have access to these materials," O'Brien said, noting that access to UI collections can be made through national data bases, as well as through the Internet, the international electronic network. In addition to heavy national and international scholarly use of Illinois' cataloged children's collection - Denmark borrows "rather regularly," O'Brien said - the collection often is tapped by students and teachers. The collection, which includes books from the early 1800s, is particularly strong in such areas as Aesop's fables, alphabet books, biographies of Abraham Lincoln and Benjamin Franklin, pop-up books, fairy tales from around the world, and Dr. Seuss books.

Subject: Re: [RFC] New fl_BlockLayout::findPointCoords implementation
From: sam th (email@example.com)
Date: Mon May 29 2000 - 17:10:17 CDT
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
On Mon, 29 May 2000, Jesper Skov wrote:
> Anyhu, if Sam is going to make some changes that might invalidate that
> (or even the work I've already made), I'd rather wait and see.
I'm not going to invalidate anything when I get the better acessor
functions written. It will just make it lots cleaner to manipulate the
state of the formatting. But it won't break anything that works
currently, and probably shouln't have much impact on the line calculations
you are talking about. In short, go for it.
It's exciting to see so many different people coding major improvements in
AbiWord at once.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.0.1 (GNU/Linux)
Comment: For info see http://www.gnupg.org
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
This archive was generated by hypermail 2b25 : Mon May 29 2000 - 17:10:47 CDT

Farmers Markets and Direct-to-Consumer Marketing
: conducts regular data collection and analysis of farmers market operations and other direct-to-consumer marketing outlets on a national and regional scale, in order to help market planners, managers, participants and interested stakeholders better understand evolving influences on market performance and profitability, and be able to incorporate these considerations into their strategic and business plans.
Food Hubs and Other Aggregation Models
: monitors the growth and conducts case study analysis of an emerging sector of food enterprises that seek to ramp up the amount of source-identified local and regional food product available to retail, commercial food service and institutional customers by providing aggregation, storage, processing and/or distribution services on an affordable basis to small and mid-scale producers, along with targeted training and guidance aimed at improving their ability to supply larger-volume wholesale buyers.
Wholesale Markets and Facility Design
: provides targeted site assessment and design services for food market planners, managers and community stakeholders to improve the efficiency of permanent food market facilities.
USDA Farmers Market
: The Department’s own “living laboratory” for farmers market operations, the farmers market at USDA headquarters has been running strong for 17 years and counting on a seasonal basis, and currently operates throughout the year in both outdoor and indoor locations. Posted here are schedules of upcoming market days and special programs/events for USDA headquarters along with materials that provide transferable lessons about market management, layout and organizational self-assessment for use by farmers market stakeholders across the country.

All you knee-jerky flag conservatives can pour out your French wines in protest if you wish. But even Toby Keith fans have to admit that the French know their desserts. What other country has done so much for (and with) flour, eggs, sugar, and chocolate? Pair that culinary tradition with a perfectly picturesque Las Olas location and you've got Caf la Bonne Crepe and its Paris-ready sidewalk tables, all packed with those who choose to linger over coffee and something sweet. Whether you're tempted by a classic crepes Suzette drizzled decadently with Grand Marnier sauce, you prefer the purity of bananas and ice cream coated in a caramel sauce, or you'd be happy just to have any of the other 16 items on Caf la Bonne Crepe's dessert menu awaiting your fork, then sit, stay, stop counting calories, and rediscover why, about 60 years ago, we thought those Frogs were worth saving -- or perhaps why, about 220 years ago, they thought it would be a good idea to help us gain our independence in the first place.

Controversy sells. In the early '90s crusade against gangsta rap, politicians and lobbyists made Dr. Dre's "The Chronic" and Snoop Doggy Dogg's "Doggystyle" the poster children for the type of violent, misogynist, crude albums that deserved to be censored or shelved completely for the good of society. It wasn't that "The Chronic" and "Doggystyle" were the most extreme or explicit records of their kind—in fact, far from it—but as two of the most infamous, influential, bestselling, and flat-out best gangsta rap albums of all time, it was easiest to point the finger at them. What the politicos failed to realize was that these albums did not sell millions simply because they were explicit, but because they were artistic masterpieces marked by revolutionary production and lyrical stylings. In any event, the controversy surrounding the label's early releases is just one factor that made Suge Knight's Death Row Records the most infamous and controversial rap label of its era, and when combined with the company's inner turmoil, run-ins with the law, coastal warfare, and business tactics that were unusual to say the least, it left behind a legacy unlike any other music company.
Tha Dogg Pound's heavily-anticipated debut "Dogg Food" was scheduled for a July 1995 release, but a shareholder protest by Death Row's distributor resulted in organizational restructuring and delayed the street date a full three months. As only the fifth project to emerge from Death Row (following the aforementioned "The Chronic," "Doggystyle," and the "Above the Rim" and "Murder Was the Case" soundtracks), it moved nearly 300,000 units in its first week on shelves and shot to the number one spot on the Billboard charts. An ideal combination of attention garnered by the shareholder protest and the acclaim of its predecessors no doubt led to its initial success, but listeners soon found that the controversy may have been somewhat misdirected—while similar in content and style to the label's earlier output, "Dogg Food" was hardly more violent or vulgar than its forerunners and even tame compared to some of the other Death Row records.
With nearly three dozen releases between them, millions of albums sold, untold label drama and even in-house beef, Daz Dillinger and Kurupt have led two of the most turbulent careers in rap history, but they started out a pair of deft if humble rappers from Long Beach who had the good fortune of appearing on both "The Chronic" and "Doggystyle." As Tha Dogg Pound, they worked with Death Row's successful musical blueprint established by Dr. Dre and engineered it to great results. "Dogg Food" is seventeen tracks deep of posse cuts, W-Balls interludes, West Coast anthems and good old gangsta rap.
Tha Dogg Pound's sound is reminiscent of Dre's—the deep, rumbling bass, soul sampling, cheap, whiny synthesizers, frequent guest appearances, and shrieking vocals from female R&B singers Michel'le and Nancy Fletcher—but it's the differences that make their sound most appealing. Even at a young age, Daz Dillinger was a phenomenal producer in his own right, and one who molded the label and the larger West Coast's signature sound in the years that followed. His tracks tend to be bouncier and generally sunnier than Dre's, embodying a trademark gangsta-boogie flavor that he would expand upon for the next decade, and his rigid, funky drum patterns and sparkly piano keys are also quite distinctive. On the mic, he sports an impenetrable delivery and commanding presence, especially next to his more technical and lyrical counterpart. The young Kurupt is a slick gangster capable of bending syllables into complex rhyme schemes like a seasoned pro with a nimble, versatile flow, tongue-in-cheek sense of humor, and sheen that would lead to his becoming one of California's most celebrated MCs by the late '90s.
Despite a long running time and somewhat top-heavy tracklist, "Dogg Food" is a landmark LP and a frequently brilliant piece of music. Few records offer such a vivid mood or are as distinct a listening experience as "Dogg Food," with its focused sound, longwinded instrumentals, hilarious skits that cleverly enhance the atmosphere, and long list of guests consisting almost completely of Long Beach rappers and affiliates that makes it feel like a block party or family reunion. With appearances from Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, Tray Deee, Lady of Rage, Big Pimpin' Delemond, Mr. Malik, Big C Style, and Val Young with additional production by DJ Pooh and Soopafly, "Dogg Food" establishes the precedent for the DPGC brand that would dominate West Coast rap into the new millennium.
Perhaps what's most impressive about "Dogg Food" is how well the duo's various talents come together. From the opener "Dogg Pound Gangstaz," Daz and Kurupt make clear that equal priority is granted to the impeccable production and profound raps, resulting in an unusually balanced and complete product. The thick, contagious funk of "Respect" is accentuated by menacing, flawlessly arranged rhymes from the pair, who display exemplary chemistry, chiming into each other's verses between the ragga toasts of Prince Ital Joe. Snoop appears on the consecutive DJ Pooh productions, both iconic tracks among the group's finest. "New York, New York" features three rich verses of Kurupt's posturing the likes of which fans wish he'd produce today, and while his rap makes no mention of the five boroughs, the song was perceived as a subtle attack at the East Coast for Snoop's infamous chorus. "Smooth" is a slow, speaker-pounding West Coast banger with a classic outro, but it's Young Gotti's marathon verse that's the showstopper, not too conceptual but numbingly complex nonetheless:
"...vandalize, I reprimand MCs to freeze
You can guarantee the temperature decrease degrees
Frozen stiff, 'cause what I'm holdin' lifts the soul
This mental automatic weapon keeps me in control
Never fold, I scald like water in order
To let these MCs know I slaughter so time's gettin' shorter
It sort of limits ya, but to me the sky's the limit
No, I diminish ya to dust takes sinister
Bust one rhyme, it's like a voodoo hex
Connect complex styles, my vast high tech flex
'Cause when there's an MC like me who's in there like swimwear
Don't despite me 'cause a lot of hoes like me mashin' them Nikes
I done seen niggas on TV dissin' the ga-deels
Now I got one question nigga, how does it feel
Check your game, but I ain't even saying no name
Proclaimed lyricists dissin' us for fortune and fame
Did I do something to ya, did we serve your hoes
'Cause you're on TV rapping like ya knew me, ya know me
But you don't really know me
That muthafuckin' nigga from the D-P-G
The K-U-R-U-P-T, I'm too smooth"
Performances such as these provide ammo for those who maintained that Daz and Kurupt were among the left coast's most vicious MCs in the '90s, and the timid thump of tracks such as "Cyco-Lic-No (Bitch Azz Niggaz)" and "Do What I Feel" certainly help substantiate these claims. Along with the warm Cali funk of "Do What I Feel" and "Ridin', Slipin' and Slidin'," a smooth narrative, and the trademark lewdness of "If We All..." and "Some Bomb Azz...," DPG manages to display more style over seventy-one minutes than most rappers do in a career.
The classic single "Let's Play House" remains the duo's most irresistible song to date. Daz's production and Michel'le and Nate Dogg's vocals bring to mind a rich, full-bodied soul jam from the seventies, but the rappers' humorously sexualized lyrics give it the feeling of a playful, good-natured parody:
Daz: "I'm in the shack bout to blaze up a sack
Yeah we grown, all alone, posted up in the back
There's no mistakin', I can have the whole house shakin'
Young Daz in that ass baby doll, no fakin'
Don't get me wrong, tell me what's the flavor of the song
You know it's Daz in your drawers when ya momma ain't home
Ring the alarm, I got ya buzzed, lovin' me
Physically and mentally, I knew that it was never meant to be"
Kurupt: "I know you know this girl by the name of Danielle
Body of a goddess face from hell
But oh shhh...this wasn't the average trick
(She got the bomb) and she like gobblin' and swallowin'
A whole nine-and-a-half on that black ass
Groupie, now all the hoochies wanna do me from the past
To the present (Say what?) let me rep and present
(Who?) the biggest nigga hittin' all the hoes in your clique
Fast as lightnin', runnin' through like the breeze
In the summertime out on the corners makin' G's
It's the thirst, but I can show ya somethin' much worse
Than the thirst, if worse came to worse, but first thing's first
Brenda, I can remember, how hot y'all be gettin'
Eighty-seven, eighty-six, and, yeah, the year a young man grows
Some women become ladies, some turn into hoes
Young hoes grown, find a way to stay wit' me
In the cut wit' Kurupt, come and play with me"
While the tracklist does lose steam toward the end, "Reality" and "Sooo Much Style" are deep highlights, and Nate Dogg returns for the glorious "I Don't Like to Dream About Gettin' Paid," featuring some of Dillinger's musical best. Building from a simple drum pattern, the song gradually becomes an upbeat masterpiece through its woozy synth, bouncy bassline, piano chimes, and shiny percussion. Daz spins a tale of a rise and fall from wealth attained through hustlin':
"Workin' L.A., just tryin' to get paid the right way
But somehow the right way don't pay
I'm comin' home late every night, gotta struggle and fight
With the baseheads on the late night hype
Tryin' to creep in the house through the cut (For what?)
So I won't be seen by none of the homies, but
The homey Nate Dogg spots me, and say 'Yo what's happenin'
Oh, you don't know me no more when ya pass me the satin'
I said, 'Aw, naw, it ain't like that G
I'm trying to go straight and have a J-O-B'
'You need to quit that faggot-ass job,' that's what he said
Showed me his grip and took some satin to the head
Damn that nigga had at least two G's
And he was clockin' it with so much ease
I told him I was gone so I'm headin' in the house
Everybody knocked out, so I'm locked out
I go back to the front where my homies is hangin' at
They offer me a cavy sack so I can start slangin' that
They say, 'You ain't a hustler,' I say 'Don't doubt it
Hold that thought and I'll think about it'"
It's probably true that "Dogg Food" could not have existed without "The Chronic" and "Doggystyle," a reason that Daz and Kurupt never became the icons that Dre and Snoop did, but "Dogg Food" is a landmark album on its own. It is a brilliant exercise in style—Kurupt's smooth flow and sly humor, Daz's thumping production—and their appeal is much more subtle than their mentors'. Showcasing the best of the duo, their label, their city, and their coast in the great year of '95, "Dogg Food" is an essential debut from two can't-miss talents with splendid production, excellent rapping, classic singles, and a whole lot of fun.
Music Vibes: 8.5 of 10 Lyric Vibes: 8 of 10 TOTAL Vibes: 8 of 10
Originally posted: August 3, 2010

The Barack Obama campaign has a new gimmick on its web site that strikes me as slightly creepy. It showcases how "Julia" fares under President Obama and President Romney. It begins when Julia is three years old:
Under President Obama: Julia is enrolled in a Head Start program to help get her ready for school. Because of steps President Obama has taken to improve programs like this one, Julia joins thousands of students across the country who will start kindergarten ready to learn and succeed.
Under Mitt Romney: The Romney/Ryan budget could cut programs like Head Start by 20%, meaning the program would offer 200,000 fewer slots per year.
It goes on. How does President Obama do things when Julia is 17, 18, 22, 23, 25, 27, 31, 37, 42 ... you get the point. He's even still the president when she's 65:
Under President Obama: Julia enrolls in Medicare, helping her to afford preventive care and the prescription drugs she needs.
Under Mitt Romney: Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance coverage, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan.
That's kind of weird, right?

Two days ago I had a discussion with Barbara and cteresa about jasmine teas and I was saying I stupidly never think to drink Jasmine teas except when I am in a Chinese or Japanese restaurant.
Then I remember I had an untasted sample from a swap with LaFleurBleue and decide to rectify the affront I make to Jasmine teas.
The smell of the dry pearls has nothing especially noticeable, the liquor smells very delicate.
Jasmine is not overpowering vs the tea base, the mix is perfectly balanced.
In spite of my fear with green teas, there is absolutely none hint of astringency with this tea.
Looking the small pearls opening is a real pleasure too
I really appreciate this tea even if Jasmine isn’t my favorite floral tea – I am very rose and very violet (and strangely this is exactly the same with Perfumes) thank you LaFleurBleue to permit me to taste this lovely tea.

I was never a fan of what MYP did with Grayskull, but more and more I'm liking what MATTEL is doing with him. They are tweaking the story bit by bit to make it fit in better with the classic mythology, without purposefully ignoring or stepping on the toes of that which came before him. I also like the use of him in the alleged movie script.
There are still a few holes that need filling - such as the Eternia Towers and why Grayskull Tower existed before Castle Grayskull; and there's still no clear-cut answer for how She-Ra fits into the mix, not to mention the whole Keldor time travel debacle. But I'm sure the marketing folks at Mattel are trying to figure out answers to these questions and more.

First, a little story. My dear friend Charlotte had (has?) juvenile arthritis as a child and had to spend time in the hospital when she was three. On the day of discharge, Charlotte’s mom said, “ok kiddo, when we get out of here, we can do anything you want. Anything at all!” with visions, I’m sure, of an ice cream stand or a toy shop. Charlotte looked at her mom and asked confidently, “can we go home and put on some David Bowie records and dance in the living room?!” and that’s exactly what they did. That makes me love children even more. (And Charlotte. And David Bowie.)
What I’m trying to say here is that we’ve got some changes happening around the Walton world. Drew is plugging away in his Nurse Practitioner program at UVA in addition to being on the faculty for the school of nursing and working full time. Saying that Drew is busy is kind of like saying that chocolate is the greatest food that has ever been invented, which is to say, it’s indisputably true. Drew’s week starts when he heads in for the night shift on Sunday evenings and ends in May of 2013. The amazing thing about Drew though is that he’s on this crazy 24 hour schedule that involves working, learning, AND teaching, and yet he’s still here. He’s still on the floor playing with trains, he’s still leaving me the random love note, he’s still reminding me that we have so much to be thankful for.
In this way, I’m tightening up too. I’ve also got some changes ahead and for the first time in a long time I’m feeling like I have two feet under me, two eyes on the horizon, two hands able to make it all happen. We’re all digging in around here. Eyes on the prize.
Right now we sit at the table before Drew heads to work and we sit as a family of three and hold hands and say ‘Thank you for our blessings’. Asher loves this and we often have to stop about every minute and half as Asher reaches for our hands again and smiles at his captive audience before coyly saying, ‘dank doo bessing’ with a giant grin. I realized for the first time last night that we hadn’t actually talked about what we were saying when we said thank you like this every day and so I started chatting with Asher about everything around us that is a blessing. Asher caught on quickly and started pointing to everything around him and asking…Milk, blessing? Water, blessing? Chicken, blessing? and then more shyly, Mama, blessing? Papa, blessing? and for each of these we would say yes! we are so lucky to have milk, we are so fortunate to have water, we are so blessed to have food, etc. When he started asking about the people we said that yes, all of the people in our life were so special and then he looked at us and without a hint of question he said, Asher! Blessing!
And Drew and I looked at each other and we looked at our joyous little son with bar-b-que sauce on his forehead and YES! Asher is a blessing!
I remember literally having the bottom fall out of a grocery bag in front of our house last year around this time and sitting on the ground next to the mess crying my eyes out because I couldn’t feel life being easy. I simply couldn’t feel it. I didn’t see a point out there somewhere where I would feel powerful again. I could see Drew’s path, I could see Asher’s path, and despite being technically successful, when I thought about myself I saw a lot of fuzzy grey blurry stuff accentuated with some more grey stuff and some more blurry edges. I think this is the identity shift that happens in the year after having children…I wasn’t a(n enormous) glowy pregnant woman anymore, I wasn’t a mother to an infant anymore, I was still a wife, I had a teensy bit more confidence and freedom with regards to loving and raising Asher, but as far as the internal person that I hang out with everyday commonly known as me? I just couldn’t get a sense of her.
I don’t feel that way anymore. I can’t say that it was one big epiphany, that no more grocery bags have broken (well, actually yes, I can. No more grocery bags have broken, but you know what I’m saying here) or that I’m dancing with Rainbow Bright and Strawberry Shortcake at every turn, but somewhere in the midst of taking it day by day, I am starting to see what is ahead, and more than just feeling good about it, I know it. I have a sense of it again.
Things are changing. We are not spinning our wheels, we are not getting lost in the cacophony of sameness, we are noticing the seasons changing, we are seeing faint lines appear at the corners of our eyes, we are delighting in toddler ankles emerging under hems that were too long mere weeks ago. I think as humans we can vacillate between worrying that things will never be the same and worrying that we will never be able to make a change. This is funny, right? But I think that I am finally at a point where I can appreciate all of the work that has gone into the stability that Drew and I are creating for our family, and all of the possibilites and freedom that will be born out of this foundation.
And really, I get to sit down every day and say thank you for our blessings with two men that seem to inherently understand the power of that statement more than anyone else I’ve ever known, and if that doesn’t make my feet tingle with a sense of purpose and destination, I don’t know that anything ever will.
So thanks Charlotte for reminding me that kids are adorable, and thanks Drew for being an all around rock star, and thank you Asher for loving to say thank you, and thanks life for giving me the kick in the pants that I needed to remember that actually everything is a-ok.
Oh, and thank you David Bowie for being you. Yessir.

Frugal Dating Tips For Tough Economic Times
By Aleks Oniszczak
Love doesn’t have to take a back seat in tough economic times. To the contrary, a little bit of creativity will put you back in the driver’s seat and you’ll have fun doing something different from the usual dinner and a movie!
Let’s start with dinner – what is it exactly that makes going out for dinner fun? There’s the novelty of going to a new restaurant or the familiarity and comfort of going to a favorite spot. There’s the anticipation of going out, getting ready, getting out of the house, experiencing the buzz and energy of people and conversations around you and, of course, walking back to the car and going home feeling like you’ve done something more with your time than sitting on the couch watching TV.
But most importantly, there’s the conversation with your special someone – getting to know them, sharing an experience and having fun. But this experience comes at a price! Sure it’s fun to eat sushi or check out that fancy new burger place, but it’ll cost you. If you’re on a budget, you’ll find yourself not going out very often if after paying for dinner, drinks, tax, tip, dessert etc. it eats your entire entertainment budget for the month, or even worse, puts you into debt! That my friend is no recipe for romance.
So what’s the answer? It’s simple – Coffee! Or Tea. Either will do. But, can it really take the place of dinner? Well, think about it – if you take the time to find a funky café with cozy seats and you’re with your honey, what’s not to like? You still have the planning as you do with a restaurant, you’re still going out – to a new part of town you haven’t explored before perhaps. You’re at a table together with lots of other people and couples around you, just like a restaurant. You can people watch, eavesdrop and gossip about the people and conversations around you just the same as you would if you were at one of those places where it ends with a large check on the table waiting for you to pay. You can talk, joke and stare into each other’s eyes just the same.
The only difference is that a couple of coffees are going to cost you around $5 even at “expensive” fancy cafes while even moderately priced restaurants are going to want you to part with more than that for the tip alone! Just don’t get tricked into getting a latte – you’re on a budget and the goal is to be able to go out with your honey as much as possible, not pay for the café owner’s trip to Europe. Coffee is the best deal, so stick with it. When times get better, go out for lobster – twice a day even. But until then, don’t be a shut-in, take your sweetie out and have fun!
Hope you found this post useful! Next time I post here, I’ll discuss how to derive all the fun of going out on a date to a first run 3D Imax movie – again, without breaking the bank.
About the author: Aleks Oniszczak has followed his own dating advice and has ended up happily married, living in San Francisco working as a QA Engineer at Zoosk. Being Canadian, he enjoys Poutine, skating and universal healthcare.
Photo via Flickr. Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike.

You finally did it. Its time to shine with your new business but there is a problem, you don’t have an online presence. Your business does not have a website.
Having a business without a website in this fast, online era is like having a body without a face to express who you truly are.
A high percentage of consumers check your business website before calling you, even when they know you have a business. Now more than ever, people are searching the web to analyze and determine whether or not they want to hire your services or buy your product. Consider that by not having a website, you are missing on a tremendous opportunity. A website helps your target audience learn more about you and your product or service.
Bottom line a website will advertise your business and image effectively. By not having a website, you are putting your business at a disadvantage and your competitor could be the one that is found instead.
If you have a business, having a website is a must!

A collective of bibliophiles talking about books. Book Fox (vulpes libris): small bibliovorous mammal of overactive imagination and uncommonly large bookshop expenses. Habitat: anywhere the rustle of pages can be heard.
When I was about 10 years old and living on the coast in the East Neuk of Fife, my brother David – who was some 12 years my senior – called me into his bedroom one evening and said “Come and look at this …”.
He had his window open and his old 3” refractor telescope was pointing at a single bright star that dominated the night sky.
I looked through the eyepiece, and I can still recall the feel of the cold air on my face and the way I literally held my breath, stunned by what I saw. For that star was no star. It was the planet Jupiter: clearly visible as a disc, with its four Galilean satellites – Ganymede, Callisto, Io and Europa – plainly arrayed as tiny points of light either side of its equator.
It just hung there, silent and majestic in the telescope’s field of vision, and I remember starting to tremble – and feeling something very much akin to fear. Looking back, I now realize that I was in fact simply awe-struck. It’s one thing seeing a picture of a planet in a book: it’s a whole other experience seeing it with your own two eyes, especially when you’re still in primary school and your whole universe consists of the beach, your bedroom and the sea garden across the road from your house, which you are allowed to go to alone as long as you remember to look both ways.
Not long afterwards, I acquired my own 2” refractor and – before going off to join the Army – my brother gave me a copy of Donald Menzel’s A Field Guide to the Stars and Planets, which I studied assiduously, scrutinizing the fuzzy photographic plates minutely and dreaming of the day I could persuade my parents to buy me a bigger telescope so that I could see the nebulae and galaxies as more than misty patches of light.
That day never came. Our lives moved on, we left Scotland to live under the light-polluted skies of the south of England, the ratchet on my telescope eventually gave up the unequal struggle and my interest in all things astronomical was channelled into Star Trek.
Fast forward 45 years …
David – like me – had always wanted a really good telescope. Finally, at the age of 66 and living in the Lake District under beautifully dark skies, he bought himself an 8”, computer controlled, Dobsonian reflector. Sadly, he didn’t live long enough to use it, dying just a few weeks after his 67th birthday. His wife offered his telescope to me, and although I briefly entertained the idea, I had to say ‘No’ because it was far too heavy for me to cope with. But the mere possibility of finally owning a decent telescope had the unexpected effect of reigniting my long-dormant interest in astronomy.
Most of my reference books, of course, were over 40 years old (and yes, I still have The Field Guide) so when, during our ‘Amateur Astronomy’ feature last year, Brother Guy Consolmagno talked about Turn Left at Orion, I checked it out on the internet and thought, “Ooh ...” It was, however, having my attention drawn to THIS blog entry a couple of weeks ago, that finally prompted me to part with the money.
That I’ve barely had my nose out of the book since it arrived is really all the review it needs … and it’s no surprise at all that it’s been selling 5,000 copies a year for the last 20 years.
For one thing, it’s eminently readable – it both senses of the word. Many of the guides for amateur star-gazers are dinky little pocket jobs, designed to be toted around in your parka. Turn Left‘s large format means that it’s very easy to read in the light of a dim torch (especially one that’s had the lens painted over with red nail varnish to avoid disturbing your dark-adapted eye). And, as the authors recommend that you and your telescope settle down outside with a chair, a hot drink, a blanket and a small table, the large format really isn’t a problem.
It also – and this is the real clincher – tells you exactly what you want and need to know to actually FIND things in the night sky. Rather than confusing the non-scientific like me with stellar co-ordinates (although they are included in the back of the book, for the tiresomely clever amongst us), the authors give sensible, non-technical directions like: ‘Off to the east (left, if you’re facing south) is a small kite shape of four stars with a fifth star of to the south looking like the tail of the kite’. It’s the star-gazing equivalent of giving road directions by reference to pubs … and it’s both reassuring and encouraging not to be made to feel like a half-wit because you don’t know your east from your west or your Altair from your Antares. The photographs give you a realistic idea of what things will actually LOOK like in your telescope too … instead of taunting you with glorious Hubble images and leaving you to be terribly disappointed with the fuzzy patch of light that’s the best your poor little telescope can do, they show you what it’s really going to look like in a small telescope and a bigger Dobsonian reflector; and if it’s one of those objects that in all truth looks better in a pair of binoculars, they’ll tell you THAT too, by means of their rather nifty rating system.
And while we’re talking about the tech-speak, there’s an incredibly useful introductory section, in plain English, about telescope types and their pros and cons which I’d thoroughly recommend to anyone who’s thinking of buying a telescope but has no idea where to start.
Another major plus is that the book takes you through the observing year, directing you to the objects most easily seen in each season, rather than leaving you to find out for yourself that although the constellation of Orion, with its spectacular nebula, dominates the winter skies it’s nowhere to be seen in the northern hemisphere during the short summer nights because by the time the sun sets, it’s dipped below the western horizon …
Turn Left is meant to be used, not put on a coffee table and admired. It’s one of those rare books that actually needs to be dog-eared and bent back in half with notes scribbled in the margins, Post-It notes sticking out a rakish angles and cocoa stains bang on the bit about the Great Andromeda Spiral. It’s written with verve and enthusiasm and more than a little humour and it makes you want to rush out and stare at the stars.
I still don’t have a decent telescope and currently have to make do with my binoculars, but I’m saving up for one and when I do finally get into the garden, with my table, chair, blanket and hot drink, the very first thing I’m going to look at is Jupiter … silent, majestic and awe-inspiring.
Cambridge University Press. 2011. Fourth edition. Spiral bound. ISBN: 978-0-521-15397-3. 254pp.

Nha Trang - Nha Trang is a popular seaside resort known for its palm-lined white sand beaches and clear turquoise water.
Snorkeling and scuba diving is excellent-as is the nightlife along the strip of oceanfront restaurants, bars and cafes. Life in this Southern coastal city centres around the beach, of course, so take a boat trip and discover the small, isolated islands where you can stop to explore hidden coves and swim in crystal-clear water.
One of the most charming coastal town in Vietnam is Nha Trang. The place located 450km north of HCM City. Bordered by a long beach of white sand and coconut trees. The most favourite location may be the main street of the town which runs parallel to the 6-km long beach, offering cool breezes to the large colonial-style buildings, villas and hotels on the other side. Moreover, visitors can enjoy visits to off-shore islets, Cham towers and hot springs. It is also an ideal place for water sports such as scuba diving, snorkeling, jet skiing, wind surfing, etc.
Location: Tam Island is located in Vinh Nguyen Ward, to the south of Nha Trang Bay, 3 nautical miles from Nha Trang Port, Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: Tam Island offers many kinds of water sports such as jet skiing, boating, windsurfing, parachute pulling, adventure diving... Other than that, tourists can enjoy camp-fire nights on the fascinating island.
Carpeted with a green tropical forest throughout 4 seasons, the long sandy coastline winds like a mermaid exposing the smoothness of the Creator by thousands of pampering waves onto the shore all day and night. Underneath the uneven cliffs is the blue water as clear as crystal abounds with many kinds of coral reefs blooming in hundred-pink and thousand-purple colours, and hundreds of schools of fish swimming heartily here and there like visitors flocking to festivals. All seem to be fairy like and dreamlike.
There are 200 nice and colourful camps on the island. When attending the camp-fire, visitors will drink can wine, eat baked-meat and sing all night.
Thap Ba - Po Nagar Festival:
Time: From the 23rd to the 27th day of the third lunar month.
Place: Vinh Phuoc Ward, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa Province.
Objects of worship: The Goddess of the Region (the Cham).
Characteristics: Rites: washing statue and clothes changing, offering dance to Goddess, ghe racing, boi singing at night.
The Po Nagar Festival is biggest religious festival in the region, is held at Po Nagar Tower which located on the hill near the mouth of Cai River, north of Nha Trang City. The festival is organize to commemorate the Mother of the Region who according to Cham legends, created the homeland, maintained race, discoved rice tree, taught people how to cultivate. The Goddess of the Cham had become the Goddess of the Vietnamese inhabitants. The festival involves the singing and dancing to welcome people, stage performance and many fun games take place joyfully in the front of the main temple.
Location: Dam Market is located at 9 Bloc B, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: Dam Market is a Trade Center of Nha Trang with all types of local goods, domestic and foreign articles especially dried sea foods.
Located in the city center of Nha Trang, the market is lively and vibrant with merchants selling their merchandises. The Dam Market itself is a circular three-story building. In the middle locate the souvenir shops. Outside is teemed with cap, hat, and dress shops, and behind the market is the fresh food market.
The total of kiosks, goods stalls, stores, sideboards, vehicles is over 1,500 households (exclusive over 500 households buying and selling miscellaneous collection of goods).
Po Nagar Cham Towers:
Location: Po Nagar Cham is situated on Cu Lao marble hill, 2km north of Nha Trang, in Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: Po Nagar Cham Towers were built between the 8th and 13th centuries. The largest of the four remaining towers was built in honour of the Goddess Po Nagar, also known as Lady Thien Y Ana or Lady Mother of the Kingdom.
She spent part of her life in teaching new weaving and agricultural techniques. The 22.5m tower contains her sandstone statue sitting cross-legged on lotus-shaped stone estrade. The statue is 2.6m high (including the Yoni-shaped stone pedestal). The statue has ten hands, eight of which each holding a specific object illustrating the intellect and power of her. The remaining towers were dedicated to different gods: the southeast tower, the northwest tower and the south tower.
Not only are the towers famous for their architecture and sculpture, but they are also well-known for their great significance in history, nationalism, and archaeology.
Standing on the top of the hill, one can admire the beautiful landscapes of the coastal region of Nha Trang.
Long Son Pagoda:
Location: Long Son Pagoda is situated at the foot of Mount Trai Thuy at 22, 23/10 Street, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: The pagoda was first built on Mount Trai Thuy in 1886 and named Dang Long Pagoda. In 1900, the pagoda was damaged in a storm and was rebuilt down the mountain in its present location.
The Khanh Hoa Buddhist Studies Foundation originated here in 1936. The pagoda underwent further restorations in 1940, 1971, and 1975.
There is a huge white statue of Sakyamuni Buddha sitting on a lotus pedestal, which erected in 1964-1965, 24m high not including its pedestal being 14m high.
This pagoda is one of the more than 20 famous pagodas in Nha Trang City.
Institute of Oceanography:
Location: Institute of Oceanography is located on an elevated land, at 1 Cau Da St., next to Cau Da Wharf, about 6km from the centre of Nha Trang, Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: Institute of Oceanography, which was established in 1923, was one of the first centres for scientific research in Vietnam.
Nha Trang is an excellent location for tropical oceanographic research because it is close to the ocean, of course, and the waters are deep.
The Marine Animal Museum shows more than 20,000 sea and freshwater specimens, as well as living creatures that are kept in glass tanks.
Tri Nguyen Aquarium:
Location: Tri Nguyen Aquarium is situated on Bong Nguyen Island, also called Hon Mieu Island, Nha Trang Bay; half an hour from Cau Da Port, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: It is a lake on the sea which people dam up with stone embankment. Hundreds of nice and precious marine creatures are bred in the lake, looking a real marine museum.
Visitors may take a walk around the lake or seating on the house close to the edge of the water, they can see many kinds of colourful sea-fish that live in the clear blue water of the lake.
In the island also has Bai San Beach, one of the beaches that are attractive to many visitors.
Van Phong Bay:
Location: Van Phong Bay is located 50km from Nha Trang toward the north.
Characteristic: There is a sand hill that is 18km long, situated between the main land and two islets creating a bay with a very beautiful landscape. There are many forms of water sports and uphill tourism here, including sea diving, water skiing, sail boating, mineral water bathing and hunting.
Hon Mun Island:
Location: Hon Mun Island is situated on the south of Nha Trang Bay, Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: Named Hon Mun because in the south east of the island, it has high-rise cliffs with dangerous wattles forming caves and grottoes, especially its stones are as black as ebony, which could rarely be found in other areas.
In the black-stone caves of Hon Mun, every year flocks of swallow migrate to the area and build their nests. Due to the island's location adjacent to the hot sea-currents from the equator, suitable to the development conditions of corals and various types of tropical sea creatures, the sea bed of Hon Mun is home to an abundant and diverse group of marine species, an interesting and useful place for researchers, oceanographers and tourists to observe and explore more of the sea creatures' life.
In Hon Mun, visitors can dive or take grass-bottom boat to admire the colour coral and sea creatures.
Location: Hon Chong is located 3.5km from the centre of Nha Trang City, Khanh Hoa Province.
Characteristic: It consists of massive rocks lying on top of one another.
Hon Chong is divided into two parts. One part is situated offshore and the other is in the sand dunes at the Cu Lao fishing hamlet. The offshore cluster includes layer after layer of massive rock emerging from the sea. These layers of rocks act as natural wave breakers.
The Hon Chong Promontory, located in the sand dunes, looks like the work of a giant, who carelessly put several massive rocks together. On one side of the rock, facing the sea, there is a deep handprint with the five fingers close together.

Archive - May 12, 2011 - Sports Article
JOHNSONBURG - The St. Marys Area Flying Dutch and the Elk County Catholic Lady Crusader track and field teams won their respective Elk County Track and Field championships Thursday at the 2011 Elk County Track and Field Meet held at the Johnsonburg complex.
The Dutch won the boysâ€™ title with 81 points. Elk Catholic was second with 77 and Johnsonburg third with 28.
The Lady Crusaders won the girlsâ€™ meet with 93 points, followed by Johnsonburg with 53.50 and St. Marys with 41.50.

Democrats ignoring workers?
October 27, 2012
William Allen White, at the height of the Populist revolt of the 1890s, completely exasperated, asked, “What’s the matter with Kansas?” So flummoxed with what he saw as a foolish political uprising......
No comments posted for this article.
Post a Comment

"Grammel schmalz," says our waiter, setting down a small bowl of pristine whipped white pork fat sprinkled with bits of pork crackling. I lift up the napkin wrapped around the bread and pull out a glossy brown braided pretzel. Breaking off a piece, I spread the bread with the lard. I take a bite and the warm, comforting taste of pure pig fat floods my mouth.
This is, it turns out, the first of many pleasures at BierBeisl, a modern Austrian restaurant in Beverly Hills, Southern California's first, from Patina alum Bernhard Mairinger, who grew up near Salzburg. After working in L.A. as Patina's chef de cuisine under executive chef Tony Esnault, Mairinger found himself missing Austrian cooking. L.A. didn't have an Austrian restaurant, so why not?
BierBeisl is the first restaurant for the 27-year-old chef. While the menu does have excellent sausages and a classic weinerschnitzel, he's intent on bringing contemporary Austrian cooking to Los Angeles. The cuisine is under-appreciated in this country, probably because it's so little known. And that's a shame. Breads and pastries are outstanding, not to mention the wines, and you eat well at every level from heurigen (wine pub) to traditional and sophisticated modern restaurants.
With its wood-topped tables, small bar pouring Austrian beer and stammtisch, or communal table, BierBeisl looks simple enough. The food is anything but. It's a credit to Mairinger's skills that it all comes out of a galley kitchen the size of many home kitchens. The best seat in the house is at the counter in front of that kitchen, where you can watch the 6-foot-7 chef seemingly effortlessly turn out polished dishes with the help of a single assistant.
To start, try the carpaccio, fine slices of cold roast pork fanned out on the plate like cards and strewn with sliced bread dumpling and a confetti of red and green peppers in a vinaigrette that includes pumpkin seed oil from Styria in Austria. His house-cured char is fabulous too, slightly firmer than raw, paired with diced golden beets on a creamy fresh horseradish sauce.
His sweetbreads are beautifully plain and creamy on the inside, served with cheese-laced potato purée and green beans cut like beads with a hardboiled quail egg dusted with black truffle. An elegant dish, and a great one to share.
Big appetites can dig into one of the traditional sausages Mairinger has custom-made for him at Continental Gourmet Sausage in Glendale. Weisswurst come slow-simmered in milk, bratwurst with sauerkraut and the typical wiener with fresh horseradish and a roll. But the most unusual and a real specialty of the house is meaty käsekrainer infused with Swiss cheese and bursting with juice. He presents it in an oval white porcelain dish with tarragon mustard and fresh horseradish. The sausages are available at lunch and most of the afternoon too, for a quick bite with an Austrian beer served with all due ceremony.
Mairinger's schnitzel is as good as it gets in L.A., fried to a dark gold without a speck of grease. It comes in three versions: veal, pork or turkey. I actually think I like the pork best for its flavor. And you'll want the vinegary potato salad rather than the fries with it. He's got veal gulash too, in a subtle paprika-stained sauce, and serves it with tender squiggly spaetzle showered with chives.
There's also a terrific white fish filet with a warm cucumber-celery salad — genius! — in a thyme-scented nage that's quite possibly the lightest dish on the menu.
The superb venison loin with braised red cabbage and toasted walnuts I had one night has been replaced by a thick section of seared lamb loin roasted with an herb and breadcrumb topping and plated with roasted miniature sweet red peppers and the tiniest fresh favas over a creamy goat cheese polenta. Good thing both dishes aren't on the same menu: I wouldn't be able to choose between them.
Pork belly has become so ubiquitous that it doesn't look all that exciting anymore. I don't know how he does it, but this one, part of the "duo of pork," grabs your attention. It's that almost jellied texture of the belly against the crisped skin, and most of all the sweet, porky flavor. I loved the wide ribbons of cabbage mixed with noodles and the rich braised pork cheeks (the second half of the duo) in whole-grain mustard jus too. All the benefits of choucroûte without the bulk.
The wine list is still in progress, but even so, it has a nice list of Austrian whites — Grüner Veltliner, Riesling, Sauvignon Blanc — from top producers, with more on the way. They're not inexpensive, but quality is high. Reds include Zweigelt, Blaufränkisch and St. Laurent (a relative of Pinot Noir).
I can see myself stopping by for dessert in the afternoon sometime. That's when you can best appreciate an apple strudel. This is the real deal, not at all sweet, just a fine fragile pastry wrapped around finely sliced apples scented with cinnamon. Pastry chef Lisette Rodriguez makes a mean kaiserschmarrn too, a rough-cut, warm, eggy pancake served with house-made plum compote in a French canning jar. And instead of the usual poppyseed cake, she makes a parfait of thin chocolate tuille with a white chocolate parfait dotted with hundreds of the blue seeds.
Oh, and don't forget the schnapps or eau de vies, especially since they're from Hans Reisetbauer and Alois Goëlles, two of Austria's best distillers.
Here's a young chef cooking his heart out every night to show Los Angeles what real Austrian cooking is all about. Let's hope there will soon be as many people lined up for apple strudel as there are for cupcakes ordered from the machine outside Sprinkles one block over. This is Beverly Hills. Anything could happen.
A smart new Austrian restaurant from former Patina chef de cuisine Bernhard Mairinger, who turns out polished contemporary cooking from a small open kitchen.
Location: 9669 Little Santa Monica Blvd. (between Bedford and Roxbury), Beverly Hills, (310) 271-7274; http://www.bierbeisl-la.com
Prices: Appetizers, $12 to $18; soups, $7 to $9; main courses, $19 to $36; desserts, $8 to $11; sausages, $7 to $10.
Details: Open noon to midnight Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, 5 p.m. to 1 a.m. Saturdays. Sunday prix fixe family-style dinners by reservation only. Closed Wednesdays. Corkage, $15. Street and public lot parking.

you’ve asked me how I am.
Oh (yawn), I’m fine.
But just as important (perhaps even more):
How is our friend Life feeling about life these days?
Forgive the audacity, but
I think I know.
Life has kindly let me see the tragedy inscribed in
All of It
The gently swaying, slowly aging trees.
The animals jumping for joy in their untutored ignorance of a
The sparkling bodies of water great and small
will dry up
and leave nothing but a
The burning sun that burns away the gases that
feed the hungry flames,
the flames we need, the flames that give us burning
The vast but not infinite universe
that will shrink into a ball the size of a
even God won’t have the strength to lift it.
The death of God Himself
The rise and decline of loved ones,
dying only when we forget
or when we, too,
The passing of an extraordinarily ordinary pet
who, in our heart, wins all the prizes at the dog show,
having given us pleasure and
fascination as it
and Learned to
Speak to us
The atomic explosion
that split the atom
so that the atom is no more.
And this will happen to
To me, recuperating wildly—and then,
hopefully later than sooner....
And the therapist? What will happen to her?
Her Life and Being could easily fill
a thousand outsized books, such as the Great
War and Peace.
And many, many more volumes if the writer were just
capable of breathing
The inscription of
so easy and simple to see
if one just looks.
So I’m (yawn) fine.
How are you?
June 22, 2010
See more of portfolio: www.writing.com/main/portfolio/view/matt674885
© Copyright 2010 Matt Bohart (UN: matt674885 at Writing.Com).
All rights reserved.
Matt Bohart has granted Writing.Com, its affiliates and syndicates non-exclusive rights to display this work.
|Log In To Leave Feedback|

tagged w/ ipl 2013 schedule
One vaginal probe isn’t humiliating enough for women who choose to terminate their pregnancy in Indiana. Now Indiana Republican legislators want TWO!
The egregious Senate Bill 371 passed out of the Senate Committee with an approval of 7 to 5 sending it to a full vote in the State Senate.
Sen. Travis Holdman (R) introduced the bill that imposes strict regulations on clinics and physicians offering abortions. It requires an ultrasound before an abortion so the patient would see the heartbeat and another probe after the abortion to ensure she is no longer pregnant and the bleeding has stopped.
Dr. Anne Davis, the consulting medical director for Physicians for Reproductive Health, said the requirement was unnecessary and an undue burden on women. “She can do a blood test at any local facility after an abortion to show that the hormone levels are going down as they should, there’s no medical reason to make her drive back to the abortion clinic and go through another ultrasound,” she said. “This is yet another onerous, medically unnecessary barrier.”
Rachel Maddow breaks it down like no one else:
http://samuel-warde.com/2013/02/indiana-gop-seeks-to-mandate-two-invasive-vaginal-probes-rachel-maddow-weighs-in-video/One vaginal probe isn’t humiliating enough for women who choose to terminate... more

As soon as the documents from the Richard Burton Archives had been digitised and returned to Swansea, they were being used as part of a course for the Department of History and Classics. The Practice of History is a compulsory second year module which discusses the variety of historical sources explored by historians, how they can be used and the intellectual and practical problems that can arise from using them.
In a fresh approach this year the module is being taught using primary sources linked to particular areas of research. One group is studying World War I, in particular the home front, the battle front, and women and the war. Last week they visited the Richard Burton Archives for an introduction to using archives and to start using the documents selected.
Richard Burton Archives
Information Services & Systems

April 3, 2009
Carnell Lake talks to BB.c
If players are a good judge then UCLA head coach Rick Neuheisel picked a winner in Carnell Lake to coach the Bruin corners. To a man, Lake is getting rave reviews. Even a couple of safeties chimed in with praise.
BruinBlitz.com was able to get a few moments with the Bruin great to talk to him a little about his first practice as cornerbacks coach for the Bruins.
BruinBlitz.com: Welcome back and how did it feel to be back on the field where a lot good things started for you?
Lake: "It was exciting. It brought back a lot of good memories for me. Being back here on the Bruin field where I played and practiced is truly neat to see the current Bruins play and we had a great practice today. It was exciting, guys were doing what we were asking them to do. There was a lot of energy and tempo. I liked it."
BruinBlitz.com: What did you think of the feistiness to the team today?
Lake: "Well you know UCLA, we want to make sure we protect ourselves and we're not injuring each other, but at the same time we want to see that UCLA has a little bite to them. That we're fighters and that it is a good way to start it off."
For the rest of the interview please log onto BruinBlitz.com...
...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now for a FREE Trial

Intergalactic Defense & Exploration Homepage - We are a small club in star trek fandom. we participate
in a variety of both trek and non-trek related activities.
WE Role play being crewmembers of a starship.
Star Trek LCARS site - Star Trek pictures, sounds, videos, and more.
The USS Cantabrian Database - One of the best LCARS Sites on the WWW!
Y-Wing - A Star Wars site all about y-wings, those y-shaped starships.
qualinost - Links to Star Trek, Country & Western Music, and Dragonlance.
Nick's World of Star Trek Pics, animation, and information! - Welcome to my humble Star Trek, Bush-x and other things home page.
The Betazoid Encyclopaedia url=http://www.wolsi.com/~sunshine/betazed/ - Information about the Star Trek race called Betazoids.
Star Trek Voyager Encyclopedia - Encyclopedia contains detailed
information about Star Trek Voyager
Other features include trivia,
polls, and ratings. Updated monthly.
Buford's TREK homepage - STAR TREK FIRST CONTACT and simming
USS Powhatan - A Star Trek and Science Fiction Fan Club - We offer many recreational and community service activities and
Babylon 5 Docking Procedures - Site dedicated to creative and unusual Babylon 5 links.
Tommy of Escondido's Alien Fonts page - charityware font distribution site, trek language,
links, games, science, more
STAR TREK: The Neverending Adventure - Read and collects Trek bio-critics, and download over 150 pictures!

LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - "Arrested Development" is going to Wiig out a little bit when it makes its return on Netflix in May.
"Saturday Night Live" alum Kristen Wiig will guest-star on the upcoming revival of the beloved cult sitcom, which will also feature Seth Rogen, with whom she also appeared in "Knocked Up."
Details are scarce regarding how many episodes they'll appear in and what characters they'll play. However, according to Vulture, "Bridesmaids" star Wiig will play a younger version of family matriarch Lucille Bluth (portrayed in a more seasoned form by Jessica Walter).
Besides enlisting the original regular cast of the series, Netflix has also brought aboard recurring cast members including Liza Minnelli as Lucille Bluth frenemy Lucille Austero and Henry Winkler as incompetent Bluth family attorney Barry Zuckerkorn.
Previously announced new guests will include Conan O'Brien, "Mad Men" star John Slattery and "Three Stooges" star Chris Diamantopoulos.
The entire, 14-episode new season of "Arrested Development" will premiere at the same time in May. The series originally ran for three seasons on Fox.

Saturday, August 8, 2009
Thursday, July 30, 2009
Oh yum, I checked out Madhur Jaffrey's book World Vegetarian from the library two days ago, and today I cooked an Indian meal entirely from this book. We had invited our friend Lynn over, and we see her rarely enough that it felt like an occasion to celebrate! Everyone (me, Nigel, Claire, and Lynn) loved the food. I am very pleased that I pulled off a nice dinner party with brand new recipes. My only complaint is that my rice was sort of sticky, and I'm not sure why. Otherwise, great eats were had by all.
The first picture shows the red lentils (masoor dal) before stirring in the fried red peppers, basil leaves, garlic cloves, and mustard seeds. It just struck me as so pretty that I had to snap a picture. The second picture shows everything plated, clockwise starting from the rice: Lemon Rice, Green Bean & Potato Curry, Apple Cranberry Chutney (from Trader Joe's!), and Masoor Dal Hyderabadi.
For dessert I served mango and chocolate sorbets with a pineapple and lychee compote. I don't have any pictures of dessert, but here's how I prepared the compote: I heated 1/2 can of coconut milk and a few tablespoons of brown sugar until the sugar dissolved, then I gently warmed up chunks of fresh pineapple and lychee in this sauce. In retrospect, there were too many flavors competing in the dessert bowl. Others agreed with me on this. In the future I would modify it to include only mango sorbet, and only pineapple compote. I think that coconut sorbet with mango compote would be divine, but there wasn't any coconut sorbet at the store today. Live and learn! I experimented a lot in the kitchen today, had a great time, and enjoyed a wonderful dinner with family and friends. Success!
I've never mixed my own spice blend before, but for an Indian meal I cooked tonight, I made this recipe for Sri Lankan Raw Curry Powder, from Madhur Jaffrey's cookbook World Vegetarian. The first picture shows the spices on parchment paper, just before I roasted them in low heat for an hour. Aren't they lovely? The recipe calls for uncooked rice and coconut as well as several Indian spices, and fresh curry leaves. The second picture shows the spice blend in a jar, after everything was roasted and ground up. This curry blend went into the potato & green bean curry pictured above. It was delicious.
Sunday, July 19, 2009
I cooked brunch today for about half a dozen non-vegan friends and family. The menu: tofu scramble with basil and sundried tomato, cocoa-strawberry muffins, yam home fries, banana-pineapple-coconut salad, and (not pictured but sooo yummy) spelt blueberry pancakes. The muffins, scramble, and pancakes are recipes from Vegan Brunch with a few modifications: I used strawberries instead of raspberries, and spelt instead of regular flour, in the Cocoa Raspberry muffins. I used spelt flour and added blueberries in the Perfect Pancake recipe, and I added basil & sundried tomatoes to the Basic Tofu Scramble.
For the yams, I diced two large yams and one medium sweet onion, tossed them in olive oil and salt, and cooked them in a heavy pan over medium heat, tossing frequently, until well-browned. For the fruit salad, I chopped three bananas and one pineapple, and tossed them with about 1/4 cup of shredded unsweetened coconut and 2 Tbsp. each of lemon juice and powdered sugar.
To drink: lots of coffee and juice! We ate out in the backyard. Good times. Pictured are our friends Marshal, Melissa, and their daughter Ramona.
Monday, June 8, 2009
I just needed a quick lunch for myself, so while I soaked some soy curls, I picked lettuce, oregano, and cilantro from our veggie patch, then fried up the soy curls with half a packet of organic taco seasoning mixed with water. Voila! I ate three of these. Mmmmm!
Wednesday, June 3, 2009
Called "green" because there are leafy greens in it, in this case frozen spinach. The rest is fruit: one banana, frozen strawberries, frozen blueberries, and a splash of rice milk. Sorry about the blurry picture of the smoothie itself. I was anxious to eat it before it got melty! Tastes like fruit, sweet and creamy, but my body knows its also getting a wallop of spinach. I actually really like spinach, raw or cooked, so there's no need for me to hide it in a smoothie to get my greens. But I confess I do like the idea of sneaking extra nutrition in. Stealth spinach!
These things are awesome! Here's what I made for dinner tonight, a rare night that I'm home alone and want to whip up something fast and easy just for me. Only three ingredients! Soy curls, of course (available online at Food Fight Grocery if you can't find them locally), BBQ sauce from Whole Foods, and a slice of Mike's Killer Bread, of the flourless/sprouted variety to avoid gluten. Those of you who don't avoid gluten can, of course, use a bun of some sort to make this a more traditional bbq sandwich.
So easy! I soaked soy curls per package instructions for 5 to 10 minutes, which gave me just enough time to water our veggie patch and flower containers - the basil looks great! - then I fried the curls with some nonstick spray until they are quite browned, even blackened in some spots. I found through experience that if they aren't well-browned, they tend to have an eggy texture that I don't care for. They get more meaty-textured the more they cook. Pour some sauce on them, toss to coat, and slam it on the bread! Dinner! I know it's not a terribly photogenic meal, but it was dang tasty, filling, and fast.
FYI this dinner is also very low fat and high in protein, and for those of you who notice the conspicuous lack of vegetables, please note that I'm planning on making a green smoothie tonight for a snack, with banana, strawberries, blueberries, spinach, and rice milk. I'm a virtual powerhouse of nutrition!
Tuesday, May 19, 2009
Can I just brag about Claire for a moment? She's only ten years old, but SHE'S teaching ME to sew. That's right! She studied sewing and quilting during a four-day "Experiential Days" program at school, after which we bought a simple Singer sewing machine. She is passing her knowledge on to me, and last Sunday we made this yoga bag together in about four hours! She did most of the work, but I followed along closely and I think I could do it myself now. The fabric and pattern are both Amy Butler designs, and the pattern is one of her free pattern downloads!
I love this bag, and I've been WAY into yoga lately, taking classes several times a week and doing it at home also, so this bag will be well-loved.
Now, Claire and I are enthusiastically planning our next sewing project: an apron for my mother-in-law, whom we're visiting next month in England. Woo!
Wow, I haven't blogged in months. I've been immersed in our new house, we've fixed up the kitchen and the backyard area the most, pics to come. But first... FOOD! Hot off the presses is Isa Chandra Moskowitz's latest cookbook, Vegan Brunch, and the first thing I made from it was these Courico Tacos with Roasted Pineapple Salsa. The recipe calls for soy curls, which I would have blogged about a couple of months ago when I discovered them, because they are amazing. Alongside them is the Roasted Potato recipe, also from Vegan Brunch. Holy moly this was an awesome meal!
Next I made the Blueberry Ginger Spelt Muffins, which I loved a little too much. I gave most of them away, lest I eat them all in one sitting. I did manage to eat three of them, and I don't regret a single morsel. And spelt is practically gluten-free! Woo!

A La Carte (9/21)
I thoroughly enjoyed this roundup of the worst twenty sentences found in books written by Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown. A favorite: “My French stinks, Langdon thought, but my zodiac iconography is pretty good.”
There has been a lot of talk recently in the design biz about spec work (where multiple people complete work and a client only pays for the work he actually chooses). Church Marketing Sucks has “An Open Letter to Rick Warren about Spec Work” in which they talk about some of the pitfalls of this kind of work.
The Gospel Coalition Reloaded
The Gospel Coalition has released a new version of their site. Blog readers will be interested to see that Justin Taylor has elected to move his blog to TGC.
Why Do So Many NFL Players Go Bankrupt?
This is an interesting article that discusses why it is that so many football players go bankrupt shortly after their careers end.

sti intake,downpipe,Exhaust,wallbro255 fuel pump and tuned @19.5psi srt4 intake 3inch turbo back stage2 injectors wastegate actuator(kinetic) mopar stage 1 ecu and a turbo xs d-tec fuel computer street tuned @20psi both cars had 2 people in it sti full audio system temp77
Sti vs. Camaro SS
Random clips of my Neighbors coworker SS Camaro and my stage 2 STI. Did one dig, 20+ roll, and a few 60+ rolls.
WRX Sti (570 HP, 573 TQ) Tuned by Topspeed
2004 WRX Sti with over 12K in mods. Tuned by Top Speed of Atlanta GA, Dyno run @ 454 HP and 457 TQ. Mods include 850cc injectors, Hi Flow Fuel Pump, Perrin FMIC, methanol injection, Garrett Tubo (26psi), Perrin Boost controler, full tubo back exahust (catless), uppipe, downpipe, cold air intake, Perrin blow off valve Cobb Access Port piggyback ECU and track tuned suspension. This is my third WRX, I purchased this car with the mods and tune done. I know there is more but this is all I know. The car ran an 11.2 QM and reaches 60 mph in aprox 3.2 seconds. My 65 year old uncle who has raced cars his whole life and owns multiple 600+ HP cars one of which is a wheelies Kit car with a blown 454 producing 650 WHP took a ride in this Subie and said after the ride that it was the fastest car he had ever driven. I am sure he has had a few 10 second cars or even high 9 sec. He said it was the fastest car he had driven but I doubt it. I would say that it is the fastest 0-100 he had ever driven. Old dudes have no idea what horse power can do in combination with AWD. He was blown away. I just got the car last month and have already raced a new Z06 Vette from a 2nd gear roll and pulled 5 links on him to 145 MPH.
srt4 vs wrx
stage 0 pcm
stage 2 injectors
3" O2 & DP + stock Exhaust
FM WGA @ 20psi
DSP 93 tune
up pipe & perrin tbe
STI vs 350zTT vs GTI
Subaru Impreza WRX STI, PeanutEye
Mods: 2.8L , GT3582R, 21 psi
Nissan 350Z TT
Dynomite WHP: 510
APS Kit, 16 psi
Volkswagen Golf GTI
Mods: GT35 .63 , Cams, supporting mods. Unitronic chipped.
Some tuneup issues that need to be fixed though.
Camera Car: 2003 WRX STI Bugeye.
Errata: STI turbo is GT3582 at 21 psi.
sti 38mm wastegate
(check other videos for specs)if u listen carefuly u can hear my lil brother screeming in the back seet lol he dint know it was going to be that loud hes use to my sti no kids feelings were harmed in this video lol
Worlds Fastest Subaru WRX STi
WATCH AS ALI AFSHAR, CREATOR OF THE WORLDS FASTEST STI, SHOWS US HOW TO TAKE THESE SUBARU IMPREZAS, WRX'S AND STI'S FROM STOCK PERFORMERS TO MODIFIED WORLD CLASS CONTENDERS.

Get involved: send your pictures, video, news and views by texting WO to 80360, or email us
Disabled Rio Woolf, 4, from Bushey Heath receives prosthetic blade
A disabled four-year-old from Bushey Heath has received new hope in this New Year after being gifted the ability to run.
Rio Woolf was born without a tibia, knee or ankle joint, and had to have his lower right leg amputated at just 14 months. Three years on, like many little boys, Rio dreams of following in the footsteps of his sporting idol, Jonnie Peacock.
The sprinter ran into the record books, winning a gold medal in the T44 100m at the 2012 Paralympic Games. Now the British hero has improved Rio’s chances of following in his footsteps.
Rio first met the Gold medallist when the charity LimbPower arranged for him to film a Channel 4 News promotional clip for Sports Fest - a two day event set up by the British Paralympic Association (BPA).
Touched by the youngster’s enthusiasm for the Summer Paralympics, the blade runner put Rio’s parents in contact with Dorset Orthopaedic. This prompted Bob Watts, managing director at the Dorset based clinic, to set about securing sponsorship for an Össur running blade. In fact, he decided to donate the prosthetic socket himself.
A wonderful present, Rio was soon bouncing for joy as he was being fitted with a lightweight carbon-fibre blade decorated with his favourite cartoon character, Fireman Sam.
Juliette Woolf, Rio’s mother, said: "London 2012 transformed Rio's life - from being downhearted about not being able to run as fast as his friends earlier in the year, he was then inspired and motivated watching 'people with special legs running'.
"We took Rio along to the LimbPower Primary Amputee Games and he loved participating, even with his NHS leg. He showed he loved to run. "The only problem was that his old NHS leg was very heavy. Despite this he was running quite fast, he had the speed but not the right equipment."
Bob Watts said: "The blade and socket we have had made for Rio is 150g lighter than the NHS prosthetic legs. The blade is made out of carbon fibre which is very light, springs back into shape, and 95 per cent of energy you put into it will come back during running."
Rio's delighted mum said: "My husband and I are incredibly thankful to Dorset Orthopaedic and we are hugely indebted to them for giving Rio this amazing opportunity. Now there is nothing stopping him.
"Like all parents, we just want to give our son the best opportunities for him to enjoy life to the full!"
As a result Juliette has started a fundraising campaign so Rio can continue wearing the blades as he grows and needs replacements.
Rio’s Physiotherapist Andrea Clarke, Leader of Playskill, a specialist playgroup based in Watford and Hemel Hempstead for children with physical needs, said: "Having a prosthetic blade at a young age is an amazing opportunity for a young child. With it comes the ability to run with peers. Often children with an amputation are left to walk while their peers literally run around them.
"Rio can now run, jump and play football and get involved with Paralympic sport that much earlier. He has a better quality of life and a new sense of freedom and movement."
Rio plans to attend Limb Power’s Learn to Run Clinic in Chelmsford later in the spring.
Hayley Ginn, Jonnie Peacock's former coach has taken a keen interest in Rio and will be helping him learn to use his blade in the best way to get the most out of it.

You are currently using our new player
On the 12th of december we went for a cross country ride on the Specialized Pitch and Enduro bikes. Location of choice was the forest area known as Spelderholt in Beekbergen, the Netherlands. There isn't a lot of height difference in Holland, but the 20 meters of Spelderholt can still make for a lot of fun. Riders: Maarten Muselaers and Lars Veenstra, filmed with a GoPro HD Hero. Visit www.weridebikes.nl for other video's, photo's, our blog and more.
We don't have any comments yet. Be the first to add one …

A cycle is the interval of time during which a repeated process is performed. Decreased part cycle time is one of the advantages of robot automation. Replacing manual processes with the efficiency of robots leads to increased production and profits.
Part cycle time is influenced by several variables. These include the distance a part must travel, complexity of the cycle, quality of other machinery involved, flexibility and features of the robot, and tooling choices. Cycle time can be simulated with advanced 3D software or more accurately determined with a feasibility study.
Due to our experience with robot integration, RobotWorx can estimate a part cycle time when given specifics on the part and the current process. If you require an exact cycle time, contact our sales department at 740-251-4312 about performing a study of your part process.

To end 2011, Phish returned to New York City’s Madison Square Garden for a four-night stand that marked their second New Year’s Eve year in a row (and their sixth overall) at the venue. With memories of a very impressive run to end 2010 at MSG, as well as to start 2011, with the first-ever show on New Year’s Day, things seemed to really be clicking for the band. Throughout 2011, they made huge strides in playing and jamming as the year stretched onward, which all led up to this standalone New Year’s Run following no fall tour this year. What were the results? Anti-climatic at best musically, but still a lot of fun overall.
[Photo by Michael Stein]
Now, let me say something and be very clear: there is absolutely no place in the universe I’d rather be than at a Phish show. The vibe, the ENERGY, the people, the ritual are all things I live for and have toured the country to experience for many years. But, sometimes expectations exceed the performance, which seemingly happened this past week for many in attendance (and some watching at home, as the shows were broadcast live via pay-per-view streams). Were there standout moments? Absolutely! The problem was, they were far less frequent than we have come to expect from Phish, on New Year’s runs, and especially at Madison Square Garden. But, on the flip side, did I enjoy these shows as much as many other barnburners of 2011 and years past? Definitely. Just for different reasons than the music alone.
One’s experience at a show depends on several factors including who you are with, the location of your seats, what you possibly ingested and so on. All of those factors play into the overall experience. But it is the music that is ultimately the catalyst which allows for us to enter the portal of the divine. The single biggest reason, besides seeing friends of old this run, that I thoroughly enjoyed myself is easy to explain. It seemed that everywhere I turned, even during a weird song placement or sloppy version of a song I had seen live 100 times, I watched the newer groups of fans soaking it all in and enjoying it tenfold. That – made me smile. To be able to hear the song you came to see – whether it be Farmhouse or Ghost – and rock out in your own world for the first time is a priceless experience. But, that still doesn’t hide the fact that the band members’ hearts didn’t fully seem into it this year.
The 28th saw the first-ever Free opener in Phish History and a with a well-played version of Glide right behind it, the band set the tone for a very high energy night. An early first set Cities was the first true highlight, with bassist Mike Gordon leading the way out of the typical space. But, it was simple things like the mid-first set placement of Contact (which is usually reserved for late second set and more typically encore slot), that summed up a majority of the entire stand: weird. Whether it was placement, execution or reeling in the potential for greatness, the band was playing things safe and hardly pushing the envelope.
A scorching Birds of a Feather, Carini > Tweezer onslaught began set two of the first show, while a fiery Rock-n-Roll and majestic Harry Hood rounded out the meat of the set. To further set the “weird” mood for the remainder, the band offered up a triple encore of a short Tube, Rocky Top and Tweezer Reprise. Overall, a pretty solid opening frame on a night that often served as a warm up show for the band. The problem was, they did little from here to build on it, and by the time the run was over, many fans were calling the 28th the best overall show of the four.
The 29th opened with a great first frame – more high energy and in my eyes, a great setlist. A second song You Enjoy Myself again seemed out of place, but was a welcome treat by fans and garnered “Ooh’s” and “Ahh’s” from the fans when it started. An absolutely scorching Funky Bitch was a set highlight, with Page McConnell absolutely wreaking havoc on the upper parts of his keys. Roses are Free was another welcome treat, as Halley’s Comet and Run Like an Antelope closed out one of the better sets of the week, and carried over some of the higher energy from the previous night.
[Photo by Michael Stein]
The second set was notable for the Crosseyed & Painless opener before a slightly out of left-field Simple, which melted sublimely into the first Lifeboy in two years, also last played during the 2009 New Year’s run in Miami. A ferocious Mike’s Song, one of my favorite in recent memory, awkwardly landed in Chalkdust Torture, before transitioning into a faster-paced, more upbeat version of the normal soft-as-a-down-pillow-landing-pad of I am Hydrogen. A truly unique segue that will stand out in the memory of those who saw it live led the way to a funky, driving Weekapaug Groove, Character Zero and Loving Cup encore to close us out in arena rocking style. All in all, at this point of the run I still had some high hopes for the final two performances, having found ENERGY and some interesting ideas and efforts, if not execution, from the band through the first two nights.
PAGE TWO = 12/30 and 12/31

What is Hyaluronate?
Hyaluronate (hye-a-loo-ROE-nate) is similar to cartilage, the natural substance that lubricates and acts as a shock absorber in the joints. It is injected into the joint to replace worn out cartilage and reduce pain from arthritis. Hyaluronate is commonly known as Hyalgan and Synvisc. This is not a cure for arthritis, but may delay the need for joint replacement.
How do I take it?
Hyaluronate is injected into the joint once a week for 3 consecutive weeks. The injections are 16mg. each. Your doctor will see you one week apart for 3 weeks to give the injection.
What else should I know?
You should limit any strenuous activity for 2 days after each injection. Strenuous activity is anything that puts heavy weight or pressure on your legs for more than one hour. Examples of strenuous activity are jogging, tennis, standing. If pain, redness, or swelling occur at the site of the injection, please contact your doctor.
What about other medications?
It is very important that your doctors are aware of all the medicines you take. This includes prescription and non-prescription medicines as well as birth control pills, vitamins and herbal supplements.
Hyaluronate can be taken with other medications – NSAIDS (Celebrex®, Vioxx®, ibuprofen, naproxen), prednisone, methotrexate, and plaquenil.

Results 1 - 8 of 8 for "u:thepacker.com" in Mission, TX
Candidatus liberibacter americanus, also known as Lam, was found in a citrus psyllid near Mission, Texas, said Ray Prewett, president of Mission-based Texas Citrus Mutual. Comment?
Texas onion acreage is less than half of what it was just seven years ago. Growers, who in recent seasons have been hurt by a variety of factors including drought, onion thrips and oversupply, saw prices plunge in each of the past two years. Comment?
Moms with two children at home were the most likely to purchase, according to the study, and there was only a 3% difference between purchasers in the 59+ and the 21-39 age groups. Comment?
Movement expected to increase. Trading fairly slow. Prices lower. Includes palletizing and cooling. Comment?
Just a few months after he joined the association as senior vice president, the Texas International Produce Association made Bret Erickson its president and chief executive officer. Comment?
Movement expected to decrease seasonally. Trading slow. Prices cartons per-pound 4-6s and 45 count lower, others generally unchanged. Comment?
Norwalk, Iowa-based Capital City issued the voluntary recall Nov. 21, according to a company news release posted on the Food and Drug Administration's website. Comment?
After the Food and Drug Administration detected salmonella in a sample of cherry tomatoes, a Texas company has recalled 840 cartons of the Mexican-grown tomatoes . Comment?

Grey's Anatomy Caption Contest 267
Another edition of the Grey's Anatomy Caption Contest has come and gone.
Thanks so much to everyone for playing, but, as always, there can only be one winner. That lucky reader this week is AiLing. Read that participant's entry below and remember:
Come back and play each and every week!
Everyone: Seriously? Meredith and Derek just can't even make it to an on call room?