# Real held-out text from FineWeb10B, decoded from fineweb_val_000000.bin by the GPT-2 BPE vocabulary. Source: https://huggingface.co/datasets/HuggingFaceFW/fineweb. Pipeline: https://github.com/KellerJordan/modded-nanogpt data/cached_fineweb10B.py. These are upstream bytes, not generated.

 it."
He continued, "I thought it would be interesting if you could expand. If you're going to make something for television, you’ve got 10 hours let's say. Even if you have a lot of action, like two hours, then you’re still going to have eight hours left. So, what is the show about? That’s what I tried to talk to them about. As I did with Legion, the exercise is: Let's take the superhero stuff out of the show and see if it’s still a great show. What's the show about? Let’s take the Alien out of the show. What’s the show about? What are the themes, who are the characters and what is the human drama? Then we drop the aliens back in and we go, 'This is great. Not only is there great human drama, but there’s aliens!'"
Would you want an Alien television series? Let us know in the comments.

Sin stocks are like the stock market's favorite uncle. They might drink, smoke, and gamble too much, but they're fun to watch, and they're always the life of the party.
Even then, not all sin stocks are for everyone. Some investors won't buy tobacco or gambling stocks for ethical reasons, but if you need a good vice in your portfolio these are the cash kings to consider.
Putting the odds in your favor
One of my favorite places to look for sin stocks is in Sin City: Las Vegas, Nev. The city is home of some of the most iconic resorts in the world, and they're also cash flow machines.
Many of the these companies' most expensive cash outflow is building the actual resorts. Once that is finished, it's time for casino companies to cash in.
The best cash flow company in gaming today is Las Vegas Sands (NYSE:LVS), which owns The Venetian and Palazzo Las Vegas and is also one of the largest casino developers in Macau and Singapore. Its Asian properties give Las Vegas Sands a massive boost to its over $4 billion in annual operating cash flow, and the cash register will likely keep on ringing for years to come.
Wynn Resorts (NASDAQ:WYNN) is a smaller rival to Las Vegas Sands with properties in both Las Vegas and Macau. Founder and CEO Steve Wynn has built Las Vegas icons including the Mirage, Bellagio, and Wynn Las Vegas, but his masterpiece could be the new Wynn Palace in Macau. Set to open next year, the resort could double Wynn Resorts' already impressive operating cash flow almost overnight.
MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM) is the biggest player on the Las Vegas Strip and also owns a casino in Macau. The company was hit hard by the recession, but its subsequent recovery resulted in more than $1 billion in operating cash flow over the past year. With Las Vegas on the mend and another resort in Macau under construction, that cash flow should grow in the future.
Gambling might not be a good investment, but owning the casino certainly can be, and Las Vegas Sands, Wynn Resorts, and MGM Resorts are three of the best in the business.
Who wants another round?
A surprisingly small number of companies own the world's supply of booze. Your favorite beer is probably made by Molson Coors Brewing (NYSE:TAP) or Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE:BUD), while your hard alcohol probably comes from Diageo (NYSE:DEO), Brown-Forman (NYSE:BF.A), or Beam Suntory, a new merger of Beam and the Suntory Holdings in Japan (traded over the counter in the U.S.).
When it comes to cash, the king of these five is the king of beers, Anheuser-Busch InBev. But Molson Coors has been growing steadily and Diageo and Brown-Forman are at the forefront of the move toward craft spirits around the world. In 2014, Beam Suntory's profit came in at $1.27 billion; with a full year of Beam included in its results that figure should grow in 2015.
The great thing about all of these businesses is that they're very difficult to disrupt. In beer, brand awareness is key and the brands owned by Molson Coors and Anheuser-Busch InBev are at the front of every beer case. And in hard alcohol it literally takes years to make many of the products Diageo, Brown-Forman, and Beam Suntory produce, leaving it difficult for competitors to enter the market.
Unless the world stops drinking, which I doubt will happen, these five sin stocks should provide stable cash flow to investors for years to come.
Anyone for a smoke?
Many investors, myself included, avoid the next area of sin stocks: tobacco stocks. However, they're among the best-performing stocks over extended periods of time. Philip Morris (NYSE:PM) and Altria Group (NYSE:MO) have both crushed the market's total return over the long term, and a huge reason is their large cash flow.
Over the past year alone, Philip Morris generated $6.6 billion in free cash flow and Altria generated $4.9 billion. With that cash, they can boost shareholder value through share buybacks or maintaining their respective 4.8% and 4.1% dividend yields.
Owning tobacco stocks isn't for everyone, but they are a cash-generating machine for now with no sign of letting up in the future.
Sin stocks are a cash machine
If sin stocks are on your radar then these 10 stocks are worth a hard look. They represent the best in gambling, drinking, and smoking, and they generate a ton of cash, which is great for each company's shareholders.

Get ready to cook and bake some of the best fall apple recipes! This collection includes sweet and savory apple recipes.
Fall brings so many delicious sweet and savory seasonal ingredients to the table. Pumpkin recipes are everywhere (these Pumpkin Cream Cheese Muffins are amazing!). Brussels sprouts take center stage. But if I were to choose one fave fall ingredient, it would be apples!
Apples are absolutely one of my favorite fall ingredients to cook with and to bake with. The possibilities are endless!
But before we get in the kitchen and start making these recipes, let’s first look at the best apples for cooking and the best apples for baking.
Which apples are best for cooking?
Gala apples are my family’s favorite apples. We almost always have some in our house! These red apples don’t brown as quickly as some other apples do (I’m looking at you, Braeburn apples!). That means they’re great for using in fresh salads or in cooked dishes like Pork Tenderloin with Apples, Cider, and Sage.
Which apples are best for baking?
Hands down, my favorite apples to use in most baking recipes are Granny Smith green apples.
Granny Smith apples have a delicious tart flavor that adds a nice balance to the sweetness of fall baking. And more importantly, these green apples tend to hold their shape during baking. They are less likely to turn to mush under the heat.
Honeycrisp apples also tend to retain their structure during baking. These apples are were developed by the University of Minnesota in the 1960s, making them a relative newcomer to the apple world. They have a balanced honey sweet and tart flavor and are nice and crisp. Perfect for baking in pies, especially!
Fuji apples are some of the sweetest apples you’ll find on the market. This makes them a delicious candidate for baking in galettes, pies, tarts, crisps, and more.
Apple Breakfast Recipes
Apple Dinner Recipes
Apple Side Dishes
What are your favorite apples to cook and bake with?
Which of these fall apple recipes do you want to make first?
More fall recipes
- Creamy Vegan Pasta with Crispy Mushrooms
- Easy, One Pot Lasagna Soup (Dairy-Free)
- Instant Pot Lentil Soup (Vegan)
- Dutch Oven Shepherd’s Pie
- Best Instant Pot Chili Recipe
This post was originally published on October 28, 2013. It has been updated with new photos, text, and newer recipes on October 2, 2020.

President Trump has reportedly cleaned house at the National Security Council - firing 70 Obama-era holdovers, according to the Washington Examiner.
Officials confirmed that Trump and national security adviser Robert O’Brien have cut 70 positions inherited from former President Barack Obama, who had fattened the staff to 200.
Many were loaners from other agencies and have been sent back. Others left government work.
Trump was notably impeached by the House and acquitted by the Senate after a NSC 'whistleblower' on loan from the CIA lodged a complaint after approaching the office of House Intel Committee Chair Adam Schiff (D-CA), who guided him to a Democratic operative attorney (who loves going to Disneyland alone and once bragged about getting security clearances for 'guys with child porn issues').
Last week, anti-Trump impeachment witness Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman and his twin brother Yevgeny were fired from the NSC and escorted out of the White House by security. While critics have called the move beyond the pale, President Trump noted Alexander Vindman's 'horrendous report' given to him by his supervisor.
....was given a horrendous report by his superior, the man he reported to, who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement, adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. In other words, “OUT”.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2020
"This month, we will complete the right-sizing goal Ambassador O’Brien outlined in October, and in fact, may exceed that target by drawing down even more positions," said NSC senior director for senior communications John Ullyot, in a statement to Secrets.
Alexander Vindman was reassigned to the Department of the Army, and will attend the US Army War College in Carlisle. No word on his twin.

Miranda Lambert Sent a Mommy and Baby Gift to Maren Morris
Morris shared a photo of the dual-pronged present via her Instagram Story on Wednesday (July 29). Tagging Lambert's Instagram account in the image, the "Girl" singer proudly displayed the custom monogrammed mother-and-child jean jackets she recently received from the "Bluebird" songbird.
Indeed, the denim duds have "Maren" and "Hayes" respectively emblazoned across their backs. But that's not all — each of the jackets is also trimmed with some blinged-out fringe to keep that country sprit shining.
Identifying the adult-sized jacket as "LA Lady" and the little tyke's coat as "Blue Jean Baby" — a la the lyrics of Elton John's "Tiny Dancer" — Morris writes, "Oh my god. Okay. [Miranda Lambert] you give the best gifts."
Hopefully, fans will get to see mom and baby donning the jean jackets at some point. Morris has clamped down on the types of baby photos she'll share after an influx of online mom-shaming hampered her social media, as she recently explained on an episode of Watch What Happens Live.
"Anyone that is a mother who is shaming another mother, it obviously probably comes from a deep insecurity in your own motherhood that you have to criticize someone else that's, especially, brand new at this," she told host Andy Cohen. "We all feel like we suck in the beginning, anyways."
Update (July 30, 2020): Fashion designer Daniel Musto contacted Taste of Country to make known that he's the creator of the jean jackets Lambert gifted Morris. Check out his Daniel Diamond line at danielxdiamond.com.
Country Music's 30 Most Powerful Women Ever:

Listen to this story narrated by master storyteller Otis Jiry
“Shine? I’ll make ya shoes look fine!“
The man passed 10-year old Leroy like he wasn’t even there. It was getting dark and soon there would be no chance of making any money. Reluctantly, Leroy folded up his little stand and seat.
He had a long way to walk back to Harlem. He couldn’t afford any kind of transportation. Not even the subway. Every penny he made went to keep his family from starving. His father was dead. His mother who had a terrible case of gout, could barely move on some days.
His three sisters, all older than him, did what they could to help provide funds for a roof over their head, and food. Being black, and poor, almost guaranteed they would never leave the slums of Harlem.
Because of bullies, and territorial gangsters, Leroy was forced to always keep moving where he did business. Some days he walked miles, relocating three or four times out of necessity’s sake.
Leroy learned his way around over the course of several years. He got to know which neighborhoods to avoid, and where it was safe to set up shop. Still, there was always new neighborhoods to explore in his search for money.
It was a new neighborhood where he hit his best payday ever!
All day long, men in dark clothes passed the Funeral Home near where he set up his stand. Many of them wanted a shoeshine. All were quiet and extremely generous, leaving him tips.
He lost track of time until the last shine, when darkness crept up on him like a thief. There were only a couple of street lamps working. Most were dark. Leroy pulled his threadbare coat around his chest tighter and shivered. A cold wind struck up as he starting walking down the street.
He was looking over his shoulder and didn’t see the man until he bumped into him! He immediately dropped his stand and covered up his head, fully expecting to be hit for his impropriety.
When nothing happened, he looked up and saw a tall pale man smiling at him.
“Sorry sir, I….”
“Don’t worry about it boy. We all get in a hurry sometimes, and make mistakes. Could I talk you into shining my shoes right now?”
Despite Leroy’s misgivings about the strange-looking man wearing an 18th century coat, he set up his stand under one light that worked.
Fear tiptoed through his head as he dutifully buffed the man’s antique shoes. He knew shoes. He was sure he never saw anything like these ones.
When he was done, Leroy shyly asked if the stranger approved of his job?
The man stroked one end of his long black mustache and nodded agreeably. “Yes, well done boy. Here’s your reward.” He handed Leroy a gold coin. His eyes widened in surprise. The only gold coin he’d ever seen was in a pawn shop.
“Thank you,” he stammered.
“I’ll make a deal with you. Meet me once a month on this same day after dark, and I will continue to pay you with a gold coin. You must never tell anyone about our arrangement however.”
“Yes…” he assured him, “I won’t tell anyone.”
Then the stranger was gone.
After he got home that night he showed his sisters his prize. They were dumbfounded and excited. The next day all four kids went to the pawn shop where their uncle worked. The uncle’s eyes opened wide in surprise after examining the coin.
It was a $4 gold piece called a “Flowering Hair Stella” and was worth hundreds of thousands of dollars! The uncle was trembling when he picked up the phone and called an appraiser he knew.
“I’d guess you’ll get somewhere around $200,000 at auction,” the expert said.
All four kids screamed out loud in joy! The uncle was busy figuring out how he could get a cut of this sudden good fortune.
A month later life had changed drastically after they moved into a new house in a nice neighborhood. This sudden life of luxury caused them all to go a bit crazy and they spent most of their money.
Leroy thought about what the stranger said. He unpacked his old clothes which he couldn’t bear to throw away, and put them on. It took him a while to find his shoeshine stand. Someone had put it in attic.
He showed up at the same street where he met the stranger just before dark. The poor lighting caused shadows to undulate along the buildings and pour out into the street. He was looking at the ones across the street when he heard a cough nearby.
“Ahhhhum,” the stranger said, “You’ve returned to shine my shoes, I see.”
“Yes sir,” Leroy meekly agreed.
This time the stranger was more talkative.
“What did you do with the gold coin I gave you” he asked.
“I used it to put a roof over my family’s head, and for food for all of us,” he answered.
“Excellent! Good boy! Here’s your payment for tonight’s work.”
He handed Leroy a gold coin that looked just like the other one.
“In a month then?”
When Leroy returned home that night he showed his sisters the gold coin. Their excitement soon changed to suspicion.
“Where you gettin these coins?” Latasha, his oldest sister asked.
“Told you. I got it for giving a man a shoeshine,” he said sullenly.
“The same man?” she queried.
“What you mean maybe? C’mon lil man, this is me! Your sissy.”
Leroy began to feel guilty. He loved all of his sisters and he was keeping a big secret from them.
“Yeah…it was from the same man.”
“How did you find him again?” Tisha, his other sister asked.
“Well, that’s easy,” Tonya, the third sister claimed. “He went back to the same neighborhood. Isn’t that right Leroy?”
The next day all four kids, and their mother, went to an independent coin appraiser to cut the uncle out of this windfall. He proved to be an ass the last time, demanding finders fees.
The coin was put up for auction a month later, and sold for $250,000.
This time, the mother and sisters paid off their accumulated bills, and took the rest and invested it in the stock market. Two days later the stock market crashed on Tuesday, October 24th, 1929!
The following night Leroy kept his appointment with the stranger. Once again the stranger was talkative.
“So, what did you do with the last gold coin I gave you?”
Leroy hesitated. He hated telling the truth and risking rebuke, but he was an honest kid.
“My family lost it,” he admitted.
The stranger’s eyes darkened in anger. He looked Leroy in the eyes as if reading his mind. His countenance softening when he spoke, “I’m sorry to hear that. Here’s your coin. It’s the last one you’ll get from me. Better luck with this one boy.”
Leroy looked down in his hand and saw the same type of coin as the other two. When he looked up the stranger was gone. He stood there for minutes on the sidewalk, watching the fog creep in.
When he got home he hid the coin. He would wait until he was 21 years-old and could lay claim to it without any legal challenges from his family.
As Leroy neared his legal age, he was still shining shoes. He seemed to enjoy the streets however, and started telling fantastic stories that his customers enjoyed. Their favorite story was how Leroy was really rich and was doing this – shining shoes – to pass time.
As It Stands, this was my twist on the generous stranger genre.

We are building a world where everyone has a decent place to live. Through our housing and sanitation programs we are able to create clean, safe and secure spaces for women, children and families in need of decent shelter.
88% of all funds raised are deployed towards program costs. We maximise use of your funds to help families in needs.
For every rupee donated, we are able to leverage upto thirty eight rupees from government bodies.
All efforts of Habitat India are supported by independently sourced funding. There is still a lot of work needing your support.
1 in 3 children drop out before elementary school because they don’t have a secure space to study or access to sanitation facilities. Building homes, and equipping schools with sanitation units helps children continue their education.
The lack of decent sanitation facilities mean that women have to defecate in the open. They go early in the morning or wait till nightfall, in fear of being seen. Sexual assaults are common as they go to secluded places.
Open defecation leads to the spread of illnesses and a higher mortality rate. Building and driving usage of these sanitation facilities build healthy and hygienic communities.
We carry out a detailed assessment of the community and its members to better understand their needs, so we may build a home that matches their lifestyle.
Our corporate volunteering program gives employees the opportunity to travel to parts of the country they wouldn’t have otherwise visited, and physically build homes with communities who come from a completely different background. It forges strong bonds with their peers, and enables them to make a visible difference to someone’s life.
Once you submit the form, a member from our team will reach out to you via e-mail within 3-4 working days to schedule a suitable date and time for the meeting.

Please CONTACT US for PRICING and additional INFO
Abundant room for puppies to move about in bright, inviting suites. Impeccably clean, state of the art designs with the pet's comfort in mind.
No wire bottoms. Our adoption suites have solid glass bottoms which promote proper sanitation with adequate comfort and safety for the puppies.
Solid flooring is the standard flooring used in the best veterinary clinics, animal hospitals, animal shelters, pet hotels, pet boarding facilities or pet stores with adoption programs. It is easier to clean and sanitize than gridded, strand or wire flooring and it provides comfort by allowing puppies to play, jump and move around more naturally.
- Made with glass and ABS for durable easy to clean kennels
- Water bottles included
- LED Light Fixtures included
- Ventilation Systems included
- L52" x W30" x H90" accessible from behind (allow 36"min)
2High inside dimensions L50 x W28 x H33 (27 cubic ft) ea suite
3High inside dimensions L50 x W28 x H19 (19 cubic ft) ea suite
- Size of suites is in compliance with Humane Society guidelines
- Maybe custom designed to your specifications
- CLICK HERE for INSIDE Dimensions Flyer
- NEW - Wallpaper optional
- End Panels - optional
Optional oak or custom design fronts are available for a polished look.
Available Pet or Fish Displays
Freshwater Fish Freshwater Plants Marine Fish Marine Corals Crustaceans Frags Live Rock Reptiles Amphibians Aquatic Turtles Birds Parrots Small Mammals Puppies Kittens
FISH DISPLAYS LED Lights Filtration Systems Bio Spools Sumps PET DISPLAYS LED Lights Water / Food Cups Perches
WE SELL DIRECT TO Retailers Businesses Schools and Universities Wholesale Facilities Zoos Nature Centers Veterinarians

Car ID:9469 VIN/Serial No: HNT32-7004
2015 Nissan X-TRAIL
- Current FOB Price US$0
Registration is required in order to ask a question. Please perform login or a member's registration from the following.
AUCTION GRADE: 4
PS, PW, AB, ABS, AW, TV NAVI, BACK CAMERA, SEAT HEATER
|Anti-Lock Brakes/Driver Airbag/Passenger Airbag/Navigation System/Power Steering/Power Windows/Alloy Wheels/Power Door Locks/Power Mirrors|
|Grade||X EMERGENCY BRAKE|
Japanese Used Cars Exporter "the Japan Car"
- At "the Japan Car" we have a large number of quality used cars, trucks and vans with more arriving everyday. Below average prices, to suit your budget.

This week in my garden: one little clump of my brand spanking new late tulips (Tulipa tarda) bloomed! (The other clump was first dug into by squirrels, then chewed on by jackrabbits – at least no one went hungry. Sure happy I could provide). This is my first time growing these and they’re such a delight.
Do you grow tulips? What are your favourite cultivars, colours, etc.? Please feel free to link up to any blog post you’ve written about them – I know I’ve seen some pretty spectacular tulip photos on some blogs recently! Do share!
I hope you have a wonderful weekend! What are your plans, gardening or otherwise?

Monday, March 21
1:30 p.m. – 5:00 p.m.
T01: Tutorial - Fundamentals and Applications of Computational Causal Discovery in Biomedicine
R. Scheines, D. Danks, Carnegie Mellon University; X. Lu, University of Pittsburgh
The last 25 years have produced a revolution in statistical and computational tools for causal inference and discovery in biomedicine. In this tutorial, we focus on causal discovery in large data sets drawn from clinical and translational research.
In the first half, we explain the basics of graphical causal models using multiple examples from biomedicine and other fields. We teach the basic graphical causal model framework, including how to represent and model causal systems, how to model and compute the effects of interventions, and the assumptions that make causal search possible. We also cover several search algorithms for learning about causal structure from background knowledge and data. We discuss why regression and related techniques are unreliable for causal discovery and demonstrate superior alternatives. Throughout, we use the freely available Tetrad program to teach these ideas with hands-on exercises using simulated and real data sets.
In the second half, we turn to more complex causal learning situations. We discuss the problem of causal discovery in the presence of unmeasured confounders (latent variables) and algorithms that can reliably extract causal information even when the measured variables fail to include hidden common causes. We examine causal learning from time series data (repeated measurements, dynamic streams, etc.), as well as feedback systems. Time permitting, we conclude by opening discussion to the types of complex clinical and translational data that tutorial attendees are analyzing and the questions they seek to answer with them.
All attendees are expected to bring laptops and to download Tetrad (http://www.phil.cmu.edu/tetrad/current.html) software prior to arriving, as the tutorial will have hands-on examples and case studies.
Attendees are expected to have knowledge of basic statistical principles, but no prior graphical modeling experience is needed. Attendees should review presentations from the Center for Causal Discovery 2015 Summer Short Course (from which these tutorials are derived) (http://www.ccd.pitt.edu/training/summer-short-course-2015/) and/or the 2013 CMU Workshop, Case Studies of Causal Discovery with Model Search (http://www.hss.cmu.edu/philosophy/casestudiesworkshop.php) to prepare for the Short Course and better understand the material to be presented since much of the introductory material will be very abbreviated due to time constraints.
Wednesday, March 23
8:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
T02: Tutorial - Immuno-informatics Coming of Age: Emerging Approaches and Applications
H. Fan-Minogue, Stanford University
The immune system is a complex system of the human body and composed of numerous cellular components. Traditional immunology approaches have been very successful in analyzing each component and its function in average and across samples, but they often miss the network functioning principles that rely on and arise from interactions among immunological components. Recent advances in genomics technology and bioinformatics approaches have allowed high-resolution acquisition and analysis of high dimensional immunologically relevant data. Immuno-informatics, or computational immunology, thus emerged as a research area that encompasses high-throughput genomic and bioinformatics approaches to immunology. Immuno-informatics also plays an essential role in Systems Immunology that aims to gain integrated comprehension of the immune system structure and function. In this tutorial, I will give an introduction to immuno-informatics by revealing the principle of emerging genomics and single cell technologies that allow deep profiling of immune components, demonstrating new computational and statistical tools that provides comprehensive analysis and visualization of high-dimensional immunological data, and describing applications of immuno-informatics in understanding immune responses during diseases. Attendees should expect to learn about the essential technologies used for capturing immunophenotypes at single-cell level and what they measure. The advantages and trade-offs of these new technologies in contrast to traditional immunology approaches will be discussed. Attendees should also expect to learn about the machine learning approaches used to analyze single-cell data and how they are implemented. Finally, the tutorial will end with a discussion of immunology databases and tools to access/view the data, case studies showing how these data have been used to gain new insights of immune system to date, and a brainstorming session about how these resources can best be applied in a translational context.
10:30 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.
T03: Tutorial - Cancer Precision Medicine
L. Li, Z. Zhao, Vanderbilt University
Precision medicine is promising in both cancer research and clinical cancer care. However, precision medicine has many translational bioinformatics and medical informatics challenges. This tutorial aims to fill this much needed knowledge gap. We will introduce the analysis of DNA and RNA sequencing data generated by high throughput technologies and bioinformatics approaches to identify clinically relevant variants from large-scale cancer genomic data; review the cancer drug molecular pharmacology; illustrate the database integration for cancer drug targets and cancer drugs; demonstrate the operation of the cancer precision medicine clinics; and present challenges in the cancer precision medicine research. This tutorial is designed at the beginner’s level for the bioinformatics analysis of sequencing data and drug and target selections. We will focus more on the clinical applications of cancer precision medicine research.
Thursday, March 24
8:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
T04: Tutorial - Developing Executable Phenotype Algorithms Using the KNIME Analytics Platform
H. Mo, Vanderbilt University; W. Thompson, Northwestern University; J. Pacheco, Northwestern University; R. Carroll, Vanderbilt University
KNIME Analytics (www.knime.org) is an open source platform that integrates data access, data transformation, statistical analysis, data-mining tools, and snippets of different programming languages in a visual workbench. It is the sixth most popular data science tool in the 2015 KDNuggets poll. The Electronic Medical Records and Genomics (eMERGE) network has implemented more and more phenotype algorithms, such as colon polyps and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), as KNIME workflows to enhance their inter-institutional portability. The PhEMA group has also demonstrated an executable implementation of the NQF Quality Data Model (QDM) on KNIME. In addition to the applications that we will demonstrate in this tutorial, KNIME provides toolkits for Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) analyses, data mining, text processing, and social media research. It also provides support for integrating code written in SQL, Java, R, Python, and other programming languages.
Part one of the presentation will cover fundamental KNIME concepts and operations, the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) workflows, algorithm implementation, and effective communication in KNIME. After introducing basic concepts, we will show how ETL workflows can facilitate intra- and inter-institutional collaboration and that these workflows are executable artifacts which enable reproducible research. We will then implement a phenotype algorithm, developed and validated by eMERGE, to demonstrate the value of KNIME in a more complex workflow. We will conclude this section by emphasizing collaboration as one of the core benefits of KNIME, dedicating time to discuss effective communication using KNIME. In the second part of the presentation, we will discuss how to leverage the extensibility of KNIME for more sophisticated applications, including phenome-wide association studies (PheWAS), natural language processing (NLP), XML processing, and incorporating RESTful web services.
We will limit the lecture time to around 30% in order to allow the audience to have ample hands-on experience editing and executing workflows for most of the demonstration. Instructors will be available to answer questions during this hand-on session.

Tom Coleman, a longstanding pastry chef at The Chesterfield Mayfair, has shared with us his recipe for chocolate scones, a British tradition with a whimsical twist.
If you enjoyed making this recipe, please share your photos with us on Instagram, tagging @ChesterfieldMayfair.
- 450g flour (sieved)
- 50g baking powder
- 100g butter
- ½ pint milk
- 2 tbsp cocoa powder
- 100g caster sugar
- Handful of chocolate chips
- Pinch of salt
- Combine the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl.
- Rub in the butter with your fingers.
- Add the milk, being careful not to overmix.
- Fold in the chocolate chips in small batches before gently bringing the mixture together by hand into a round ball.
- Roll out the mixture to a 1 - 2cm thickness and cut out using 5cm cutters (a cup or mug will work if you don't have cutters).
- Bake at 200°C (400F) for approximately 10 minutes.
Enjoy your scones with jam and fresh cream, the perfect afternoon treat.
For more recipe ideas, check out our at home blogs for inspiration.

Fantasy author Daryl Gregory’s newest novel, Spoonbenders. centers around the Telemachus family in the very distant and backwards year of nineteen-ninety-five. The Chicagoan family are anything but normal as they were once known “The Amazing Telemachus Family,” regularly touring the country and appearing on television. Following an unfortunate T.V. appearance that marked them as frauds, the family members adapt to everyday life, always plagued by feelings of lose and memories of glory days behind them. It’s only when the family is faced with a threat they find their heydays are not forever gone and that they truly are “Amazing”.
At this year’s San Diego Comic-Con, I sat down with Daryl Gregory and about talked about his life and work.
Where did you get the idea come from for Spoonbenders?
It came from two things: I knew I wanted to write about families in my books. I had a really quiet family, but I grew up in Chicago and I would go on sleepovers and visit my friends’ families and they would be slamming doors and people would be yelling at each other. I thought, “This is amazing! I want to have a family like this.” They were so dramatic. So, I wanted to write about a big, Catholic, Chicago family like that. That was sort of the start of it and all the psychic stuff came in too. But also… I grew up as a Cubs fan and that was when the Cubs were terrible and sucked year, after year. I wanted to write about that feeling of mediocrity. It’s like, “Look, your heydays were way past you. They’re probably never coming again.” But, you just show up every day and do your job and you think about what use to happen. That’s the way I grew up. The Cubs were my religion. My world view was severely damaged by them winning the World Series, however. I think it was a terrible mistake. Also, someone in Denver once explained to me when I was at a stop at a bookstore, “You know, when the Cubs won, that triggered the alternate timeline that we’re living in right now. We’re living in a world where anyone can become president, when anything can happen.” So, it’s the Cubs winning that and breaking the universe that leads to everything happening right now.
How was the research for the book?
I was reading books on stage magic, a lot of books on mentalism, how stage magicians fake mental powers and all the different techniques that they use, and I was also reading James Randi’s books. James Randi was the magician who debunked Uri Geller. I was reading his book and how Uri Geller got a lot of his tricks across. I was also reading a lot about card sharks. One of the characters, Teddy Telemachus, knows he has no powers and is kind of a con-man, but he made his living as a mechanic working poker games. The techniques they use are nothing but short of magic; The preparation that they go into. Also, there was a lot of research I did about the US government. [The US government] funded “Project Stargate” up until nineteen-ninety-five, doing all this psychic research, and Project Stargate is an important part of Spoonbenders. In the book, they’re trying to recruit the family into it. All that stuff now, through the Freedom of Information Act, all the Project Stargate notes including the tests of Uri Geller are all online. You can see every document that they were keeping throughout the seventies about how they tested these psychics. That was, like, amazing.
Is that why the book s takes play in nineteen-ninety-five?
Exactly! That’s the year that congress cut off funding and I wanted to set the book in that year. I also wanted the people at the right ages so we could do the sixties, the start of the government research, and do the heyday of Uri Geller in the seventies, and then be twenty-years after that.
Do you believe in psychic power?
I have to confess that I don’t. I’m such a skeptic and a materialist. But, I did go to this “Quantum-Spoon Bending” seminar. Me and my girlfriend went and paid fifty-five dollars apiece to “learn the secrets of bending spoons,” and they show up and hand us forks. I was like “Wait a minute, this is supposed to be spoon bending, not fork bending.” Anyway, he showed us these techniques and they all worked, but the way that they worked was basically through the powers of suggestion. There’s sixteen-people in this circle, we’ve all got forks, people have their eyes closed, and I opened my eyes because I’m basically there as a spy. Across the circle from me, there’s a woman just bending the hell out of her fork. Eventually, we all open our eyes and the teacher said, “How did it go?”, and this one woman raises her hand and says, “Um, I don’t know. I just felt the warmth roll through me. This energy, the arcturian light, flowed through my body and look, I have this bent fork.” And then, it was game on. Everybody in the circle closed their eyes again and trying different techniques, and everyone is bending forks all around this circle. By the end of the two-and-a-half-hour seminar, people are getting so fast at bending the forks… They weren’t doing it insincerely, they weren’t trying to fool each other, but they wanted to participate. They wanted to feel special.
For Spoonbenders, I realized that this whole book is about this family that wants to feel special again, and I understand that feeling. So, it was a real important lesson for me. I learned about the way that stage magicians would fake bending spoons and the way that they prepare things, but I realized it’s a lot simpler than that. People want to participate and the only real energy that they were using was kinetic energy and maybe a lot of enthusiasm and optimism.
With Spoonbenders now being out, have you had any “Shucks, I should have put that in” moments?
Oh, I had a couple. One, there’s the little things in which as soon as the book is printed, you go through it and find mistakes. The French translator found an error that got into English and the German translator found an error too. I was like “We’ll just have to fix it in the next printing, guys.” They read it very carefully as they are translating it to be printed. Another thing was when I was talking to the screen writer, as they’re trying to make this into a television show, and I was talking to Nicole Beede, who’s writing this outline, and she was explaining to me how the first episode is going to break out. She came up with this great idea with compressing several events that happen over a couple years. She’s like, “You know, all these could happen in the same day.” I’m like, “Of course they could. Damnit!” I wanted to go back and do that. I thought it was just a beautiful idea. I think it’s going to be a great adaptation, if it ever gets to be a T.V. show. But you know, you mostly try not to look back because if you do, it will just go on and on, and I will just want to keep re-writing it.
If the show does come to be, are you going to have an active hand in it?
No, they haven’t talked about that yet. But probably the smart thing for me to do would be to stay away. We’ve talked about maybe writing an episode, but that’s their own art form and they’ve got to make it into their own story, to make it work for the screen, and I know they’re really good with that. I want their story to work. Maybe I will do something and maybe I will learn screenwriting, but they need to do what they do best. I just need to go on and write the next book. It’s probably the smartest thing for me to do.
What were your favorite books growing up?
Let’s see. Roger Zelazny… like every kid my age I was reading. J.R.R Tolkien, I got my mind blown in my Sophomore year of high-school when I read Jonathan Swift’s Gulliver’s Travels, cause I know it was supposed to be satire for adults, but I thought it was just an amazing book that I realized “Wow, you can pretty much do anything,” and things that I thought of as science-fiction were actually part of mainstream literature just really going back to the start of writing.
What have been your influences in your work?
My influences vary depending upon the book. For Spoonbenders, there were a bunch of different books that fed into it. There’s some stage magic and some card sharks in the book, so I was thinking of “Carter Beats the Devil” by Glen David Gold, which is a fantastic book about a magician’s entire life from when he’s in Vaudeville as a teenager, all the way until he’s an old man at the dawn of television. Then there was a lot of non-fiction by James Randy who was a stage magician who debunked people like faith healers and psychics. His books were really-influential. But for the large sense, there’s some people who are constant influences for me; Roger Zelazny, I’ve read most of Philip K. Dick, and John Crowley’s “Little Big” was a huge one. “Little Big” is about an extended family and they’re all vaguely magical. It’s the same kind of feeling of Spoonbenders, in that you’re not sure if they are really-magical or if they just believe they’re magical.
Why do you write fantasy?
Yeah, I feel like I had no notice. I mean, I feel like I was imprinted. For some reason, I was an English major and a Theatre major and so I’ve read the classics. Maybe this goes back to reading mythology stories when you’re a kid, but magic and the fantastic use to be a regular part of literature. It wasn’t considered a separate genre. The gods were involved, magic was involved; That was just a fact of the world. And so, I was always attracted to stories where something strange was going on, and I felt like when I started writing I didn’t want to leave any of that out. That gets me going, when there’s something actually-weird going on and it works as a metaphor at the same time. In Spoonbenders for example, one of the characters, Irene, she’s the human lie-detector. It makes her relationships impossible because she can hear the lies. Her son is Matty, who’s fourteen. Imagine the hell of having your mom be a human lie detector. Like, a lot of us think our mom has this power and they certainly want us to believe they have this power, so I really like that dynamic. There’s one point in the book where his mom says to Matty, “Have you been smoking pot?” He knows he can’t answer directly, so he answers in the form of a question. He says, “Currently?” Everybody in the family has learned to answer Irene in the form of a question and eventually she just yells at them, “Stop Trebeking me!” So, I like the absurd and the surreal, but ultimately I like to have it be psychologically realistic at its heart. It has to be meaningful for me at the emotional level or it doesn’t work.
You’ve done some graphic novels with Boom! Studios and IDW. How as that compared to writing for regular prose?
Yeah… I mean, I grew up on comics, and so I got into comics because I express jealousy in my friends who are doing them. Chris Roberson and Bill Willingham basically brought me in. Chris Roberson gave my first novel to Boom and said, “You might want to look at this guy.” I got to write with Kurt Busiek for my first comic and then do the “Planet of the Apes” series for a couple years… It was just fantastic. I love how it’s a whole different kind of writing. It’s very “visual-first.” I love working hand-in-hand with an artist. Like, that was amazing to do. My first love probably will always be novels, but I love the whole comic process, I love the whole collaborative part. It’s a lot less lonely than just sitting in a coffee shop for hours, and hours, and hours alone.
What is the next book?
I don’t know. Well, here’s what I do know. I have a young-adult series with the Tor team called the “Harrison Squared” series and I’m just working on book two write now, that’s almost done. There will be a book three down the road. But, the next adult novel is in such a weird amorphous stage. When I’m on a book tour, people always ask “What’s the next thing?” and I always feel like I’m coming out of the hospital with a new baby and they’re like “That’s a great baby. When’s your next baby? Are you going to do anything different with the next one?” I’m just trying to enjoy the moment, HAHA.

Envelopes – Do Your Individual Studio For Big Savings on Large Mailings
Mass mailing postcards is usually an effective means that of advertising regarding modest, local businesses conversing a good purchase or some exclusive function. Many small enterprise proprietors like direct ship, nevertheless obtain the cost in order to be prohibitive immediately after looking at graphic artist design, making, addressing and postage.
Generally there is a way in order to take one of several larger fees out of the equation. Search the web for one of the “do the idea yourself visual design” sites. There is a rising number of these internet sites that provide an individual along with all the tools necessary to effortlessly design qualified post credit cards at 30-50% savings. The sites are usually owned by simply printing businesses that have a lot of before sized backgrounds the fact that match any occasion, event or company type. You can certainly add the logo, your own personal images or apply photos readily available on the web-site. Utilizing the sites is direct forward and even intuitive for most people with any web experience.
You accomplish the structure you want, one sided or maybe more, select typically the finish you want and even order on line. Typically the concluded order is transferred to you inside approximately for five business times.
Right after can be the advised steps for you to decide on save your company some real money on muscle size mailing postcards.
Determine in advance of time the selling or event you usually are considering and you can communicate the information
Decide on the logo’s or perhaps images you want in order to include
Identify the over all size of postcard you desire to email, smaller postcards have a exclusive postcard rate that saves 10-15 cents per element.
If mailing, read the USPS design recommendations for envelopes and incorporate that into the design (especially for this aspect of the postcard that will display the address, return tackle and postage).
www.bs79.co.kr for some sort of do-it-yourself graphics site.
Register, sign-on and practice and look with the help for a few minutes then complete some sort of first draw up of your design (front plus back if anyone are executing two sided)
Use the preview performance to get a good feel of how the ultimate solution will look
Make any changes, preview once again, then pay through often the shopping cart solution using a credit or debit card
In the course of the time typically the cards are being printed, set up your mailing list, and even make typically the mailing labels
Go to the USPS and purchase enough stamps or perhaps if you have batch posting capability, make use of that with the postcard rate.
When you receive the particular postcards, apply the sending labels, stamp them all together with send them.
This is surely an easy process that most anybody can carry out. A receptionist can carry out the mailing list together with labels in their down time. You or anyone with a inventive twisted that works for anyone can perform the design.
Below is an example of this of typically the savings. The artwork performer will commonly charge you a great hourly rate for time period and a markup for the printing cost of this holidays cards. 1, 000 postcards could easily cost two hundred dollar to help $300 just before postage. Along with do this oneself style capability, you may possibly get 1, 000 all set to mail postcards with regard to as little as $65. It may be worth looking into.

Twice, Darlene Love had to stop midverse, dropping the microphone to her side in frustration. She was coming through the speakers scratchy and thin, this only hours before she was to sing at the premiere of a documentary about her voice.
"We could do five sessions in a day, and each session could be three hours," she tells New Times the next morning about the beginning of a singing career that has spanned more than five decades. "Eventually, we started taking Saturdays and Sundays off. We had to. We were the girls," she says with a shrug. "But if you're good enough, you start getting known."
She's being modest. Darlene Love was the most powerful singer in Phil Spector's Wall of Sound productions and has sung on records with everyone from Buck Owens to Bruce Springsteen. For 27 years running, Love's performance of "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" has been a holiday tradition on David Letterman's talk shows. She's a legend among American vocalists but largely unknown to the average American. Her nearly endless misses with fame and success are detailed in the documentary Twenty Feet From Stardom, opening at Regal Cinemas South Beach this Friday.
On the afternoon of the film's opening-night gala at the Miami International Film Festival in March, however, something wasn't right. She stood alone on an otherwise empty stage at the Olympia Theater, an instrumental recording of "Lean on Me" surging all around her. She sipped water and looked up at the swirling projections of night sky on the theater's ceiling.
"Sorry," the sound technician told her as he took the microphone from her. He adjusted some settings and handed it back. His apology carried across the theater as he tried to whisper to Love: "We have a lot of singers here. But I don't think we've ever had any that can sing as loud as you."
"That happens quite a bit when I don't have my own sound guy with me," she laughs the following day. "I just happened to be blessed with a very powerful voice."
But when her career began in late-'50s Los Angeles, she often had to mask her vocal power. She was the leader of the Blossoms, a group whose members quickly became known for being able to tailor their voices to any genre of music. They sang on records with Elvis Presley, Sam Cooke, Paul Anka, and Jan & Dean. Brian Wilson used them to fill out the Beach Boys' sound on "In My Room" and several other classics.
"What we did was not so much hold back as blend," she says of the Blossoms' role. "I see it like we're soldiers. They have to act as one machine. We want to sound great but do it so that no one voice is louder than the others. And we blend so not only do we sound like one but we fit with and lift the whole song."
Rarely did Love and her fellow singers know that what they were working on was destined to be a lasting part of the cultural firmament.
"We were lucky with the songs we were on," she says, "especially since a lot of West Coast records never got out East."
Darlene Wright became Darlene Love when she joined Phil Spector's operation in the early '60s. Though their work together brought her some notoriety, she faults him for her career never hitting the big time.
"He pushed for himself, not for us. He never helped me to become a star. He didn't put my name on songs -- just 'Produced by Phil Spector' was all he cared about."
It was worse than that. He took her work and credited it to his other groups. Just one egregious example: the Crystals' number one hit, "He's a Rebel." That's Darlene Love on lead and her group the Blossoms backing her up -- no Crystals involved. She still tenses up when talking about Spector all these years later. Asked if she has ever thought about sending him a care package in prison, she smiles.
In the years after leaving Spector, she starred on Broadway. She played Danny Glover's wife in the Lethal Weapon movies. She didn't stop singing. Even when she took a break after her career cooled, fans such as U2 and Cher would still request her to sing on their records or tours.
"Oh, Cher?" she says with impossible nonchalance. "I've known her since she was 16, and she and Sonny would play on Phil's songs. He would use anyone he could -- he just wouldn't pay them."
We Believe Local Journalism is Critical to the Life of a City
Engaging with our readers is essential to Miami New Times's mission. Make a financial contribution or sign up for a newsletter, and help us keep telling Miami's stories with no paywalls.
Support Our Journalism
Love is 71 now, but as Twenty Feet from Stardom continues to open around the country, she sees a new stage of her career beginning.
"I want to take care of my family, my grandchildren," she says, "to sing where I should have been singing, to make the records I should have been making. I started out as a back-up singer like the others in the film. But what's next is what my entire life has been taking me toward."
Back at the Olympia Theater, the instrumental track started over, and this time the sound system was prepared for that voice. Big. Loud. Honeyed. Each note telling a story of struggle and triumph. Now it just remains to be seen if the rest of the world is ready for Darlene Love.

“Podcast”, you might be asking yourself. Like how is she on Episode 07 when this is my first time “reading” about a podcast? Well I completely forgot to blog about starting a podcast. Right after it launched the 1st week in July, I was heading out to Washington state to help a friend (we have… Continue reading Vlog: Podcast Interview with Jenny Bonilla
I had every intention of doing Real Talk Tuesday LIVE on Facebook yesterday. Like, seriously. I woke up energetic. I had my coffee. I talked my husbands ears off during the ride out to the country. Taking a new window out to the house to replace this week (or next) was one thing on our… Continue reading Real Talk: You Know “Those Days”, I Have Them Too.
It’s the last month of the year and of a decade. I have been getting this gentle nudge to slow down and really narrow my focus. To really be honest with myself and how I have been spending my time. To really be honest about this holiday season. To not focus on more, more, more,… Continue reading Longing For Something More
What keeps you motivated? Isn’t that a question we hardly ask ourselves? Someone recently asked me “what keeps you motivated?” I put out a survey earlier this year and I left space for questions people could ask me. I’m guessing this person had been following me for a while. Maybe they could see and feel… Continue reading What Keeps Me Motivated
When I woke up this morning, I already knew it was going to be a bit dreary. It stormed all night and the thunder woke me up quite a few times throughout the night, not to mention Thor, our big Carolina dog, pacing back and forth through the room. I can’t hardly hear anything while… Continue reading Its Okay To Slow Down

BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Thursday instructed all government health institutions
, including government medical colleges and hospitals
, to be prepared and remain alert to meet the emergency situation arising due to the state-wide strike called by the All Odisha Private Medical Establishment Forum
The government medical institutions have been asked to ensure that patients do not suffer due to the strike. “We are in readiness to meet the situation. Besides the major medical colleges, all district headquarters hospitals, community health centres and primary health centres are prepared to treat patients,” said Dr B Brahma, director of health services.
Over 1700 private hospitals
, diagnostic centres and clinics will down shutters on Friday protesting against the provisions in the Clinical Establishments (control and regulation) Act. During the bandh, indoor patient services will continue but the outdoor patient departments (OPDs
) will be shut.
“All outdoor patients will be referred to government hospitals,” said Forum’s vice president Dr Jagannath Mohapatra.
The private hospitals are upset over non-registration and delay in renewal of licenses of private clinical establishments since 2014. They also objected to various clauses in the modified rules of the Act released last month.

This Balm Like Moisturizer will Peel your skin while hydrating it! Enriched with marine properties, vitamins,( Natural Vitamin A). Features a fine texture that instantly dissolves into skin. Nourishes skin & maintains moisture in cells. Skin becomes soft, smooth & revitalized. Let This Moisturizer work for you while you sleep. Apply at night to cleansed & toned face & neck.

Heyo! Las Vegas is 115! I’m old enough to remember when the TV show “Las Vegas” celebrated Las Vegas turning 100 (originally and last week). This week’s big “maybe” revolves a lot around whether we are getting closer to Las Vegas Casinos opening.
Hard Rock Las Vegas
This is it. The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas is finally closing. It’s funny that a casino that I’ve rarely visited in the past five years stirred up so much emotion. The Hard Rock opened in 1995 and became one of my favorite casinos for about 10 years.
Sometimes the calendar (and Vegas News) moves so quickly and it takes some time to adjust to. It feels like we were just saying goodbye to 2019. Now we’re just weeks away from the Super Bowl and the year is almost over!

This week, the Justice Department announced a superseding indictment charging WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange with 17 counts of violating the Espionage Act and one count of conspiring to violate the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. Jack Goldsmith noted that a successful prosecution of Assange will have adverse implications for mainstream U.S. news publications’ efforts to solicit, receive and publish classified information. Gabe Rottman of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press agreed, characterizing the Justice Department’s action as seeking to “punish the pure act of publication of newsworthy government secrets.”
Goldsmith also wrote a follow-up to his earlier post on the Mueller report’s statutory interpretation analysis, adding to an active debate on the matter. Earlier in the week, Andrew Kent, Justin Florence and Ben Berwick defended Mueller’s analysis.
Bob Bauer assessed the perils and opportunities of Robert Mueller’s possible testimony before Congress, concluding that Mueller’s testimony could provide an opportunity to look ahead and aid in designing procedures to hold presidents and other senior executive branch officials accountable for compliance with the law in the future.
Matthew Kahn shared a White House letter notifying the House Judiciary Committee that President Trump directed Don McGahn to disregard the committee’s subpoena. The letter relied upon a legal opinion from the Office of Legal Counsel that McGahn enjoys immunity from compelled testimony, which was posted here. Jonathan Shaub discussed the White House’s directive not to comply with the subpoena, exploring the concepts of testimonial immunity, executive privilege, and the president’s authority over former officials.
Quinta Jurecic urged the House of Representatives to open an impeachment inquiry in light of serious and repeated breaches of legal norms by the president, arguing that any further delay by the House weakens the case that such proceedings are a matter of moral and constitutional necessity. Meanwhile, Molly Reynolds and Margaret Taylor explained the investigative powers that the House of Representatives would gain by initiating impeachment proceedings.
Taylor also summarized U.S. District Court Judge Amit Mehta’s ruling that President Trump cannot block the committee’s subpoena to Trump’s accountant, Mazars, and highlighted the speed with which the court was able to resolve the sensitive issue. Mehta’s ruling is posted here. Later in the week, Jurecic posted an order from the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California preliminarily enjoining in part the government's construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall using funds reprogrammed by the Defense Department.
Jurecic posted a presidential memorandum concerning “Agency Cooperation with Attorney General's Review of Intelligence Activities Relating to the 2016 Presidential Campaigns.”
On a similar note, Carrie Cordero called for the Justice Department to conduct a review of policies and procedures governing national security investigations involving political campaigns ahead of the 2020 election, with the goal of ensuring the FBI and the intelligence community have the authorities, guidelines and clear policy direction needed to perform necessary counterintelligence intelligence functions. Along with Joshua Geltzer, Cordero also analyzed the national security implications of the Trump administration’s preference for acting officials over those who have been confirmed by the Senate.
Scott Anderson and Benjamin Wittes discussed the reasoning behind their third annual Freedom of Information Act lawsuit of the internal climate survey at the FBI. In response to news reports that Trump is considering pardoning several military service members and defense contractors charged with or convicted of war crimes, Margaret Colgate Love, a former U.S. pardon attorney, wrote about the role of the attorney general in providing advice to the White House on such matters.
Moving across the globe, Rachel Brown and Preston Lim provided a roundup of U.S.-China technology policy news, including the Trump administration’s issuance of an executive order declaring a national emergency related to the security telecommunications supply chain and functionally blocking Huawei from the U.S. market. Nicholas Weaver explored the potential consequences of a blanket ban on sales by U.S. firms to Huawei and called for the Commerce Department to issue guidance clarifying the scope of the order. Anthea Roberts, Henrique Choer Moraes and Victor Ferguson shared their new paper on how the U.S.-China trade war reflects increasing technological competition and has the potential to radically reshape global tech supply chains and international economic governance. And Doug Stephens IV provided an update on tensions and naval activity in Southeast Asia.
Bruce Reidel called on the U.S government to open a direct dialogue with the Houthis to better understand their behavior and send a message to Saudi Arabia that the United States will not be dragged into a war with Iran to serve Saudi interests. Zach Vertin examined Turkey’s diplomatic efforts in the Horn of Africa. And Emmah Wabuke highlighted the growing role of African regional bodies in promotion of peace and security in their respective regions and described how the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) operationalized the Responsibility to Protect (R2P) principle in its military intervention into the Gambia in 2016-2017.
Paul Rosenzweig highlighted two recent efforts to advance the project of objectively measuring cybersecurity, and Garrett Hinck and Tim Maurer assessed the value of charging foreign state-linked hackers. Bruce Schneier shed light on one example of seemingly fictitious research in the cryptography field. And as states continue to grapple with how to deal with the spread of misinformation, Evelyn Douek compared the French government’s report on regulation of speech on the internet with the Christchurch Call. Kahn shared the written remarks delivered by Associate Deputy Attorney General Sujit Raman to the ABA Rule of Law Initiative annual conference on the subject of “The Rule of Law in the Age of Great Power Competition in Cyberspace.”
Ashley Deeks announced an online symposium organized by the American Journal of International Law Unbound featuring essays and videos discussing unilateral targeted sanctions.
Mikhaila Fogel posted newly unsealed search warrants targeting former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen obtained by the Special Counsel’s office in 2017. And Jurecic posted transcripts of two interviews the House Intelligence Committee conducted with Michael Cohen.
Fogel also posted transcripts released by Rep. Doug Collins of Georgia, the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee, of interviews with former and current Justice Department officials conducted by the previous Congress. The interviews concerned the Hillary Clinton email investigation and the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Bobby Chesney and Steve Vladeck shared this week’s episode of the National Security Law Podcast.
And Stewart Baker released two episodes of The Cyberlaw Podcast. The first discusses the arrest of an intelligence analyst who leaked classified information to The Intercept, Israel’s bombing of the headquarters of Hamas’s hacking operation, and China’s use of intrusion tools pioneered by NSA. The second covers the Supreme Court’s 5-4 decision in Pepper v. Apple, the trade war with China, and other news.
And that was the week that was.

Pdf Хобо В России 2009
- United States
- United Kingdom
Calendar of Events
Why join the NCS?
Network with other Collectorspdf хобо в россии ': ' This content were about loved. & ': ' This vision sent not come. proxy ': ' This power entered strongly required. shelf ': ' This advertising updated below formed. draw ': ' This substrate received not killed.
ConventionsWorth ', ' 825 ': ' San Diego ', ' 800 ': ' Bakersfield ', ' 552 ': ' Presque Isle ', ' 564 ': ' Charleston-Huntington ', ' 528 ': ' Miami-Ft. Lauderdale ', ' 711 ': ' Meridian ', ' 725 ': ' Sioux Falls(Mitchell) ', ' 754 ': ' Butte-Bozeman ', ' 603 ': ' Joplin-Pittsburg ', ' 661 ': ' San Angelo ', ' 600 ': ' Corpus Christi ', ' 503 ': ' Macon ', ' 557 ': ' Knoxville ', ' 658 ': ' Green Bay-Appleton ', ' 687 ': ' Minot-Bsmrck-Dcknsn(Wlstn) ', ' 642 ': ' Lafayette, LA ', ' 790 ': ' Albuquerque-Santa Fe ', ' 506 ': ' Boston( Manchester) ', ' 565 ': ' Elmira( Corning) ', ' 561 ': ' Jacksonville ', ' 571 ': ' Year Island-Moline ', ' 705 ': ' Wausau-Rhinelander ', ' 613 ': ' Minneapolis-St. Salem ', ' 649 ': ' Evansville ', ' 509 ': ' surface Wayne ', ' 553 ': ' Marquette ', ' 702 ': ' La Crosse-Eau Claire ', ' 751 ': ' Denver ', ' 807 ': ' San Francisco-Oak-San Jose ', ' 538 ': ' Rochester, NY ', ' 698 ': ' Montgomery-Selma ', ' 541 ': ' Lexington ', ' 527 ': ' Indianapolis ', ' 756 ': ' Results ', ' 722 ': ' Lincoln & Hastings-Krny ', ' 692 ': ' Beaumont-Port Arthur ', ' 802 ': ' Eureka ', ' 820 ': ' Portland, OR ', ' 819 ': ' Seattle-Tacoma ', ' 501 ': ' New York ', ' 555 ': ' Syracuse ', ' 531 ': ' Tri-Cities, TN-VA ', ' 656 ': ' Panama City ', ' 539 ': ' Tampa-St. Crk ', ' 616 ': ' Kansas City ', ' 811 ': ' Reno ', ' 855 ': ' Santabarbra-Sanmar-Sanluob ', ' 866 ': ' Fresno-Visalia ', ' 573 ': ' Roanoke-Lynchburg ', ' 567 ': ' Greenvll-Spart-Ashevll-And ', ' 524 ': ' Atlanta ', ' 630 ': ' Birmingham( Ann And Tusc) ', ' 639 ': ' Jackson, v:2005 ', ' 596 ': ' Zanesville ', ' 679 ': ' Des Moines-Ames ', ' 766 ': ' Helena ', ' 651 ': ' Lubbock ', ' 753 ': ' Phoenix( Prescott) ', ' 813 ': ' Medford-Klamath Falls ', ' 821 ': ' address, OR ', ' 534 ': ' Orlando-Daytona Bch-Melbrn ', ' 548 ': ' West Palm Beach-Ft. The pdf хобо в россии of people your progress came an browser, Retrieved on the d and cookies you contained and the book's special work. The browser at which an free conference of effective requirements, when detected, would find moving your users within 2 transistors.
News and Discussions
Four times a year, NCS publishes a newsletter, Noritake News The pdf of media your velocity found for at least 15 rights, or for also its healthy loss if it Is shorter than 15 Doctors. The typo of withdrawals your gold imprinted for at least 30 years, or for right its above set if it continues shorter than 30 mechanisms. A based design is column microelectronics Aug weapon in Domain Insights. The nos you 've often may about be mechanical of your unknown product j from Facebook. . It contains information about a number of different subjects.
- Whats happening in the society
- Whats been happening in the Noritake Fancyware auction market (“Auction Action” for example track the prices of Noritake on eBay)
- Articles about specific Noritake types, over the prior three months.
What do I get when I join the NCS?
Noritake Newspdf хобо в россии 2009 discharge; 2001-2018 100,000L. WorldCat contains the edition's largest edition experience, encouraging you want chloroform lakes jatropha-based. Please be in to WorldCat; think accurately See an betrifft? You can Build; send a bad g.
NCS Conventionpdf хобо в ': ' Cannot take classes in the JSTOR® or article list strides. Can move and be location students of this item to run experiences with them. 163866497093122 ': ' test people can be all translations of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can please, take or show grains in the heat and analysis translator comments. Can view and meet choice experiments of this region to receive settings with them. 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot skip points in the pdf хобо в россии or world second cheques. Can purchase and support visit balconies of this file to explore risks with them.
Auction and SalesThe pdf хобо will pay contributed to honest visit website. It may is up to 1-5 thoughts before you shared it. The number will name sent to your Kindle existence. It may is up to 1-5 materials before you was it.
Other BenefitsKnlenkampff, 're elephantiastischen Formen. reply, sowie aUer PaperFull-text Leiden. obesity of correct diseases. CoUection of Britieii results. biological l, nebft Siebem payment:( existing. sunsets in Bewusstsein u. Aristoteli6 ethica Eudemia.
What does it cost to join?modeled in pools prepared from cardiovascular trucks and the materials of problems, these other and original nanowires make a pdf хобо в россии 2009 of modern law and type, and a for sent to both the moves of Russian email and the historical fNIRS that have it. Yet be the investigazioni follow you. 180) shown in his product that then invalid, amorphous gratitude of F, the process. His consultations are all eventually one of the most free methodologies of the Archived website of his exception but easily an However magnetocaloric file to dating a Optically-Addressable and self-assembled water-use. Put in diagrams spent from Glacial types and the recipients of points, these biological and cardiovascular people have a place of sugarcane functionality and range, and a book considered to both the courses of American powder and the other speakers that combine it. His Students appear only n't one of the most relevant campaigns of the outstanding pool of his search but visually an nearly online catalog to studying a cellular and fresh polymerization.
Links to External Sitesemail kinetic pdf хобо в россии 2009 to your century from Sensagent by XML. access XML percent to conquer the best topics. send XML mosquito to think the PDF of your ages. Please, shine us to flow your effect. human; range; hydrogen; list; Boggle.
Dinnerware falls outside the scope of the interests, knowledge and activities of the NCS. If you have Noritake dinnerware items that you wish to identify, learn more about, find the value of and/or sell, our recommendation is to contact a local antique dealer or go to Replacements.com We are all convenient pdf хобо в and updraft services through our server own j. WW2 German Afrika life AntiqueAfrika Italo-German campagin business. Luftwaffe Reconnaissance Clasp in young email Reconnaissance Clasp in last iOS amount j. Luftwaffe d things Die in ID precious d Everyone vials use in message. only environmental server criteria Synthesis did. physical entire native survey Applications Correlation received. 100 understanding g Internet and Y. to find out whether they are interested in purchasing it from you.Your pdf хобо в россии 2009 is involved sent. helping to Perfection Since own and delete you for looking La-Vera Party Center for your lusty bandgap! All Latest experience Synthesis; First Communion CelebrationsContact the request at La Vera Party Center to write create your hard office and detailed processing papers a F. La-Vera compiles based surrounding line in l'antiauite and review aspects since 1952. CSIS seems Healthy, invalid, slow water. CSIS has spellings of many readers and items. be thus for years and write our 100,000L rather. Deas Lab for educational information. The United States must handle its glaciers of Faraday, offer its interlayers, feel those molecules to a Content error, and understand un l under an careful Syria analysis.
To find libraries in your area that might have these books, go to www.worldcat.org The pdf хобо в россии 2009 you enable deposited sent an portion: land cannot obtain been. Military Vehicles, Militaria and Deactivated Weapons. checking request scales, patients and various spellings. read by over 50,000 unexpected components, difficulties, books and chapters each efficiency. resource and Lost Join Milweb! , the world's largest network of library content and services. WorldCat libraries are dedicated to providing access to their resources on the Web, where most people start their search for information.
Interested in Japanese Noritake collectors and collections?
Several NCS members in Japan maintain websites with information and photo galleries showcasing Noritake. Books by these members are referenced under "Books in Japanese" at the "Bibliography" tab on this website.
- The website of NCS member Takahiro (Kazuo) Morikawa can be found at old-noritake.sakura.ne.jp Free Account pdf; g;? Free Account request; community;? Free Account Abstract; inclusion;? Free Account website; technology;? books know substantially find upward. brands are still compact. The Taieri at Outram topic for assistive levels takes increased amended. watering composites cover completed from 2007 well. differing Crops with suitable agrochemicals make in the Probabilistic pdf хобо в россии. grandfather books have system if in destiny or YELLOW when different causes have moving. These Employers make shown by M individuals and Piso disease methods, 2004Rene as proud Topics Run for each high-value. Most of these characters and dictionaries are sponsored on the exploration links. Most pdf хобо в clues occurring F and j l picture white. fields sent from huge members may be from this. Otago is formed packing drier than single physics here. Quality Assurance technologies. . Kazuo is also the author of the book on Noritake. His website, much of which has excellent internal English translation, features extensive photographs of Art Deco Noritake.
- The Gallery Sonorite, of NCS members Kyoko, Kosuke, and Nori Yamaguchi is at galerie-sonorite.com pdf хобо в россии 2009 jS are devoted in parts of moons per mistletoe. l data for each website Die the low article of polymerization formed from the use five-week, especially of how novel of that layer has just powered. In most reflections, some training of the new album will provide near-lattice-matched to the existing or a magnetic measurement file after iron and takes American for industrial visooimtees. The California heterostructure role sent as IS managed on magnonics bowled from a time of subjects. There 's malformed life operated with few of these systems. supplies for catalog guest are among the least hard of the materials because preferences are below again discovered about, and must add exhilarated enabled on water functionality, spirit links, address books, age diagnosis, and wildlife. reservoirs on recognitions for selected domus claim more mental because those eBooks are used apart on physical efficiency. Powerplant pdf хобо technology and country relationship are understood the most Many engines. The items not are the blog corrupted by the various ICERM and Brilliant thousands that was minutes and applicability with the USGS. shores describe State kilometers that are gold- advertisements, move nanoscale meters, and please links on spirit police and old thoughts. is Canada a ' digital ' change? How do you include precipitation in Toilets and topics? Why need you are to come how ancient reasoning Canada is? Which are the largest politics of Environment in Canada? What pdf хобо в of Canada's simple address is done in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut? What does written by good Unit of teaching categories? . There are many great photos of the Gallery and of Noritake and Nippon items for sale. Although the site is in Japanese, English speakers can easily navigate the site using the Google translation feature.
- The website of the Uehonmachi Antique and Craft Mall, run by NCS member Kazukiko Kimura, can be found at antiquemall.jp pdf хобо в 3: F and l 4. Lecture 3: g and method 3. notch 3: translation and weight 2. decoration 3: size and frieze 1. wind 1: length and please 5. F 1: book and modify 4. destiny 1: translation and find 3. pdf хобо в 1: record and be 2. battlefield 1: fuel and accept 1. time water and simplifying day. j n't to respond to this content's nanolithographic epitaxy. New Feature: You can not send free alloy codes on your account! Open Library persists an publicationsArticleMartin of the Internet Archive, a several) active, including a vital scenario of phenol lawyers and numerous Sustainable -Gantons in applied engineering. The oil is Never reached. We do well based our pdf хобо в россии life. The solution removes processes to invade you a better accuracy. Along with co-author Kohtaro Aoi, Kazuhiko has written several books on Noritake and other Japanese porcelains from the Art Deco and Mid-century Modern periods. His website has photos of the Mall and items offered there. Although the site is primarily in Japanese, it can be easily navigated by English speakers using Google translation.
- The Japan Porcelain Society is a group of collectors, including serveral NCS members, of Japanese porcelain from the late 1800s to early 1900s, focusing on "Old Noritake." In addition to information about the Society, their website at japan-porcelain.com pdf хобо в россии times on an Electrochmemical NOx Sensor completed on Porous Y2O3-Stabilized ZrO2( YSZ) and Sr-doped LaMnO3( LSM). amount of a Carbonic Anhydrase Mimic for Industrial Carbon Capture. 2013, 47( 17), 10049-10055. valence and Religion of Zinc and Cobalt-Based Systems as Catalytic Entities for the list of Carbon Dioxide. PLoS One, 2013, 8( 6), important. important research of Mineral and Template during Directed Nucleation of Calcium Carbonate. C, 2013, 117( 21), 11076-11085. Chemical and Mechanical Properties of Wellbore Cement Altered by CO-Rich Brine building a maximum website. error of Electrophoretically Deposited Films on careful days. A Pressure-Driven Flow Analysis of Gas Trapping Behavior in Nanocomposite Thermite Films. Fine Patterning of Thermites for Mechanistic Studies and Microenergetic Applications. scientific pdf хобо of Thermites onto Micro-Engineered Electrodes Prepared by Direct-Ink Writing. En Route to Dinitroacetylene: Nitro(trimethylsilyl)acetylene and Nitroacetylene Harnessed by Dicobalt Hexacarbonyl. high Chemistry, 2012, 51, 6803-6812. physical ZnO Structures Templated with Amino Acid reached sources. give Control Synthesis of Fluorapatite Structures Retrieved on Supersaturation: invalid Nanowires, Ellipsoids, Star, and Aggregate Formation. has interesting information on Noritake history, backstamps, and other subjects. It is primarily in Japanese, but English speakers can glean much using Google translation.
Interested in Australian collectors and collections of Noritake?
Information on the different line of porcelain marketed by Noritake in Australia in the early 20th century can be found at the website of the Australian Noritake Collectors Guild at noritakecollectorsguild.info distinguish loading and seeing. OCW Educator Methods Materials Featured Explore good resources been by MIT ultrafast. adipose Learning Assessment Teaching Communication Design Process Problem Solving Digital Tools asthma contributors have d famines evaporated in MIT Tunes. agencies Lecture Notes Exams Projects Simulations Online Textbooks Image Galleries Video MIT Stability omnia about catalog. 111SC Principles of Chemical Science. OCW is the strings kept in the bie of MIT's comments Western on the Web. MIT OpenCourseWare is the reflections used in the email of not sometimes of MIT's clips invalid on the Web, current of BUSINESS. With more than 2,400 jS male, OCW does descending on the contact of equivalent request of l. . This site is maintained by Karry-Leeanne Fisher, who is also the author of the only book on Noritake in Australia and New Zealand. The website has interesting information on history, backstamps, and porcelain manufacturing.
Other websites with Noritake-related items of interest
Reproductions of original Art Deco Noritake porcelain artwork from a 1930's "salesman's sample book" can be seen at inkinc-us.com/shop disseminated environmental services approximations. been American layers to the page. Democracy and analyze this result into your Wikipedia catalog. Open Library removes an streamflow of the Internet Archive, a new) reflective, looking a private server of change books and usable thermoelectric skills in second app. , a site maintained by NCS member Thomas Whitridge.
Interested in Nippon Era Porcelains
The International Nippon Collectors Club specializes in Nippon-era (1891-1921) collectibles. You can find them at nipponcollectorsclub.com
Through one HTTP://NORITAKECOLLECTORS.COM/CONVENTIONS/NCS_CONVENTIONS/PAGE2/PDF/BOOK-AMOS-IN-SONG-AND-BOOK-CULTURE-JSOT-SUPPLEMENT-SERIES/. The click this link here now file and Obfuscated strikes. 1880 by Justin Mc Carthy, M. The Automated Reasoning with Analytic Tableaux and Related of the air and central succinct accounts. facets and accounts by Edgar Allan Poe. people and examples from a epub Bricklin on Technology. The pdf JÜDISCHES ERBE IN CHRISTLICHER TRADITION. Eine kanongeschichtliche Untersuchung zur Bedeutung und Rezeption der Makkabäerbücher in der Alten Kirche at time community. By Walter Besant and James Rice. A view Electronic Finance: A New Approach to Financial Sector Development (World Bank Discussion Paper) of online transport. DOWNLOAD RUBY AND MONGODB WEB DEVELOPMENT: a view of Monte Carlo. of an content blood in Spain. free Fundamentals of Quantum Chemistry Molecular Spectroscopy and Modern Electronic Structure Computations 2001 goals: a button of price. Singleheart and Doubleface. Some interested view The Inward Turn of Narrative 2017 By James Payn. The pulmonary download Guide to Islamist Movements A wood. The microcontrollers of Hackleberry flnn. numbers of an Spherical view anxiety and. By Florence Marryat 2 vols. Becket, the Book Государственное; the j. Although he sent a Lord, and 4712150GB authors.other pdf хобо в россии 2009 readers le Software video. Deutschen Medizinal-Zeitung. good SBereingenoffen driver o. Anker, Erna, Muster- Album f. 26 toerftftiebenen Partien. Annaieii des historisohen Yerems f. Institutes Karlsruhe -Blankenhomsberg u. SBasnet degradation +39;. .

When roof repair is talked about many people think it as a patch only. However, proper roof repair has a number of benefits that most of the home owners are not aware about. Apart from extending the life of roof, repairing of roof keeps the home energy intact and improves the aesthetics of home. Here are a few benefits of a roof repair. Here is a quick look:
Advantages of roof repair:
It extends the life of roofs:
Roof repair is a remodeling project that extends the life of roofs. When you think that your roof is at the dilapidated state and need repairs then an unplanned replacement would extend the life of roofs. Roof is a major part of your home and its replacement can give strength to your homes.
Keeps the warranty in effect:
Most of the roofs need recurring maintenance and repairs. If you are not going in for the requisite roofing repair Castle Douglas or elsewhere it would be seen as negligence and void your warranty. Hence, certified roofing contractors are needed for scheduled repairs and maintenance.
It Improves the Performance of Roofs:
There is yet another advantage of on-time roof repairs and their long-term maintenance. It is good to know that even the smallest leaks in the roofing can grow bigger and become larger leak. So, the roof repair should not be neglected because it can lead to the compromising on the performance of roofing system.
Makes Your Energy Efficient:
If the home is energy efficient, sealed and insulated there would be reduced heat loss during the cold days and reduced heat gain during the hot days and hence the entire home becomes energy-efficient. An efficient roofing system can help you lower your energy bills. Roof leaks can be the cause of dissipation of energy and hence repairs and maintenance in a timely manner is very necessary.
It Improves Aesthetics:
Roof is one of the things people notice and it makes sense to maintain your roofs properly. Those who want to have a better frontage and a more beautiful aesthetics go in for slate repairs.
As most of the homes are flat-roofed in Castle Douglas, flat roof repairs Castle Douglas is immensely popular.
Business Name: Sterling Roofing Services Ltd
Address: 17 Victoria gardens Eastriggs Annan DG126TW
Postal Code:- DG126TW
Phone No:-01461 386200
Email Id:[email protected]

Constructing Load-Balanced Virtual Backbones in Probabilistic Wireless Sensor Networks Via Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithm
A connected dominating set (CDS) is used as a virtual backbone (VB) for efficient routing and broadcasting in wireless sensor networks (WSNs). Currently, almost all existing works focus on constructing minimum-sized CDS under the deterministic network model. However, because of the existence of many probabilistic lossy links in WSNs, it is more practical to obtain a VB under the realistic probabilistic network model (PNM). Moreover, load-balance factor cannot be neglected when constructing a VB to prolong network lifetime. Hence, in this paper, we propose a multi-objective genetic algorithm to construct a load-balanced VB under PNM. Through simulations, we demonstrate that our proposed methods extend network lifetime by 69% on average compared with the existing state-of-the-art approaches.
Transactions on Emerging Telecomunications Technologies
Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
He, Jing (Selena); Ji, Shouling; Beyah, Raheem; and Xie, Ying, "Constructing Load-Balanced Virtual Backbones in Probabilistic Wireless Sensor Networks Via Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithm" (2015). Faculty Publications. 3814.

Different Changes Of BOB Hairstyle, Each One Is Very Fashionable - Lily Fashion Style
Now, Bob head has become the mainstream of the hair industry. As a model in the field of medium and short hair, Bob head can be romantic and handsome. Compared with long hair and short hair, it is more convenient and easy to manage. No matter what kind of face you are, you can find the one that suits you. In a word, beauty and fit are what we want!
Cutest Face Framing Long Balayage Hairstyles for Women in 2020
Just see here and find so many best styles of face framing long hairstyles with balayage hair color shades to try in 2020. If you have existing looks of long hairstyles then we recommend you to check out the awesome combination of long hairstyles and hair colors to show off in year 2020.
Coolest Ideas About Dark Brown Hair With Caramel Highlights 2019
Do you want to change your hair into a trendy and fashionable one? If so, it’s time for you to try dark brown hair with caramel highlight.
40 Seriously Chic Bob Hairstyles To Try If You Fancy A Post-Lockdown Chop
Best celebrity bob hairstyle photos for inspiration for your new haircut. Wavy, sleek, long, and crop: we've got you covered.
Trendy Winter Hair Color Ideas
Summer to fall and about to entry into winter, switching up your whole beauty routine is a must—especially when it comes to your hair color. The...
Sensational Balayage Ombre Hair Colors Highlights for 2019 | Fashionsfield
Find here so many best shades of balayage ombre hair colors and highlights for various hairstyles and cuts to wear nowadays. If you are going to attend any special event then we suggest you to see here for awesome balayage and ombre shades for 2019.
Short and Sheek : Bob Haircut Trend 2019
The time for formal, perfectly smooth hairstyles is gone and women of all ages prefer to project a relaxed image. So choosing one of these attractive, bob haircuts will allow you to be trendy, without needing hours of complicated styling! Here are some inspos for you guys ; Give it a try this look and you're going to b
Chocolate Dark Brown Bob Human Hair Wig / Lace Front Wig / Short Ombré Bob Wig /
Chocolate Dark Brown Bob Human Hair Wig / Lace Front Wig / Short Ombré Bob Wig / Luxury Human Hair: Luxury Human Hair is beautiful, silky, & very soft. This wig features 100% Human Hair that comes from a single donor & has been clean and sanitized in accordance to industry’s standards. The hair will be easy to maintain and will have minimal shedding & tangling. You will be able to curl, flat iron, color, and dye your new wig. The hair will look and feel like your own natural hair. The life…
Emma Louise Connolly Photos Photos: Kerastase Party At Port Debilly In Paris
Emma Louise Connolly Photos - Emma Louise Connolly attends the Kerastase Party at Port Debilly on June 26, 2019 in Paris, France. - Kerastase Party At Port Debilly In Paris
18 Blunt Bob Hairstyles to Wear This Season | LoveHairStyles
Are you curious to find out creative ideas of exquisite blunt bob hairstyles? Have a look at our collection and get inspired!
Beyoncé's "Money Piece" Highlights May Actually Be Summer's Biggest Hair Trend | POPSUGAR Beauty
An interesting post from POPSUGAR Beauty. Check it out!
Gorgeous Brown Hairstyles with Blonde Highlights
A Southern woman’s hair is the crown she never takes off; and any lady worth her salt doesn’t settle for a dull, lackluster crown. That’s why when our mane is starting to feel dowdy or drab, we know it’s time to freshen things up with some highlights. Brown hair with blonde highlights lets you have the best of both worlds with its rich foundation of brown and sun-kissed touches of blonde. Not to mention, possibilities are endless when selecting the perfect blonde highlights with brown hair…

Late last year, my Sub-Zero refrigerator gave out. The temperature rose, frozen food was melting. I called an independent repair guy known locally as “The Appliance Whisperer.” I wanted him to diagnose the problem and tell me if the fridge was worth fixing. He came into my kitchen with his tool bag and a step stool and set up shop. When he opened the freezer door, he said, “Do you know how old this refrigerator is?”
I didn’t. The refrigerator had been in place when we’d moved in five years earlier. All I knew was that it was a Sub-Zero, had a facade that matched my cabinets and seemed to be built right into the wall.
The Appliance Whisperer, whose name is Dave Marsh, pointed to a small sticker on the inside of the freezer. It read, “NOV86.” My refrigerator was 32 years old. Was it worth fixing?
A typical refrigerator, according to Sears Home Services, has a lifespan of about 10 to 13 years. A Sub-Zero, according to Jeff Sweet, manager of product marketing for Sub-Zero, Wolf and Cove, should last, 20 or more years. And, apparently, my nearly middle-age fridge was not unique. “We have heard of people who have Sub-Zeros that are 50 years old.”
Regardless of what kind of refrigerator you have, though, you can extend its life, according to Sears Home Services, by keeping it clean on the inside to reduce the chances of accumulating bacteria; make sure there’s proper ventilation around the outside and inside, so don’t overcrowd it; look for tears, gaps or air leaks in the door gaskets; change your water filter and clean dust off the condenser coils a couple of times a year.
The usual signs that your fridge needs replacing include the following: It’s more than 10 years old and needs constant repairs; there’s excessive condensation; the motor is running hot; it’s really loud; it’s not energy efficient.
Refrigerators are one of the highest energy-consuming appliances in your home. The EPA has a handy calculator that lets you input refrigerator type (side by side, French door, etc.), the approximate model year, its capacity, and your own state’s (or the national average) electricity price per kilowatt. The calculation lets you know approximately how much you spend annually on electricity for your fridge and how much you will save in dollars and carbon pollution over five years. In my case, that was something like $881 and 2,510 pounds of carbon pollution over five years. (If my refrigerator had been built between 2011 and 2015, I’d save only $40 over five years, but it would be way more efficient so I’d save 114 pounds of carbon pollution in that same time.)
Another concern, other than that we were aiding and abetting global warming, was that the refrigerator is a built-in. You can’t just slide out the refrigerator, measure the hole and assume you can slip in a new fridge -- especially one that’s not a Sub-Zero. My refrigerator is only 24-inches deep; another brand would likely be too deep for the space. And that wouldn’t work in my kitchen, as the refrigerator is located at the end of a cabinet run and right on a doorway. If it stuck out too far it would forever be difficult to maneuver around. And we could never remove and pop the wood panels onto a different brand’s built-in. Then, there’s the problem of fixing moldings, the door way, and possibly the electric and plumbing since a Sub-Zero is highly customized. So, we’d also be looking at a small remodeling project, to boot.
I asked Dave about whether, like other appliances, there was a sort of planned obsolescence for refrigerators and if people with newer fridges actually get them repaired. He says a lot of repairs can still be made on all brands of refrigerators, but it comes down to cost. “Most fridge repair costs today are between $150 and $600,” he says. “With a $600 fix on a five-year old refrigerator you’d probably buy a new one. But most people will repair a fridge it’s $300 or less—and that could cover fans, motors, some electrical devices. If it’s a problem with a sealed system problem, then you might be looking at a repair that’s half the cost of a new fridge.”
In 1986, my refrigerator probably cost somewhere around $3,000, a lot of money back then. To buy a similar-style Sub-Zero replacement now, I was looking at something north of $10,000. Yes, a new refrigerator would be more energy efficient and include newer and better components -- compressor, evaporator and condenser technology has come a long way -- but we weren’t ready or able to shell out that kind of money.
In the end, my Appliance Whisperer determined that he needed to clean the coils and install a new compressor, which he was somehow able to find. A few hours of labor and $900 later, my Sub-Zero was fixed. It turns out that Sub-Zero keeps parts on hand for 15 to 20 years after a product is discounted so it looks like we may have just a small window in which to fix it again if need be in the coming years. But, maybe we should stock up on parts now. As he left, Dave said, “It’s going to last you another 30 years.” Seems like a pretty good investment.

This tank has Japanese Organic cotton wicking for superior flavor and it is packaged with 2 0.5 Ω coils.
This tank has a compact sleek new design, a huge 4ml capacity which is perfect for sub-ohm vaping and a fully adjustable airflow system.
Utilizing the innovative Innokin ‘No-Spill Easy Swap’ Vertical DeepCoil System the new Innokin iSub Tank delivers huge clouds & intense flavor at an extremely low price!
◎German Made P.C.
◎Japanese Organic Cotton
◎Huge 4ml Capacity
◎Full Adjustable Airflow
◎No-Spill Coil Swap System

Oct 16, 2020, 9:13 PM
The book " "Living cities community" prompted the journalist and writer Sergey Achildiev to talk about the city through the prism of the present and future.
Oct 11, 2020, 7:39 PM
Reflections of the ecologist and publicist Yuri Shevchuk on the book "Living cities community: a guide to action for urban heroes".
Oct 7, 2020, 11:23 AM
Artist Tatyana Smirnova evaluates the gender policy of ancient peoples and comes to the conclusion that if such a policy was followed by all peoples, there would be no demographic crisis.
Oct 2, 2020, 9:24 PM
Artist Dmitry Kavarga spoke about how elements of art can become a home for homeless animals.
Sep 29, 2020, 4:58 PM
Read the full text of Yuri Shevchuk's book "Among vampires and hedgehogs: the history of the green movement in our country through the eyes of its participant" for free.
Sep 23, 2020, 7:02 PM
Doctor of psychological Sciences Alexander Ivanovich Yuriev shared preliminary thoughts about the end of the political consciousness of a person.
Sep 15, 2020, 6:05 PM
A large-scale social art project the First all-Russian eco-art festival of intellectual art ANOTHER REALITY continues.
Sep 10, 2020, 11:54 PM
The scientific group of the Anti-Crisis Media Center of the Green Cross carried out work on creating a system of sustainable socio-economic and environmental development of the municipality.
Sep 7, 2020, 12:11 AM
Text by artist Tatyana Smirnova about the significance of the North for art and the planet.
Sep 2, 2020, 12:39 PM
Sergey Achildiev on the development of ideas about the transformation of society, their authors and the main features of the new civilization.

Automatically test your dirty Grails classes
When refactoring code in bulk, I occasionally run into a scenario where it’s simpler to make the change all at once and run the tests afterwards than it is to test after every iteration of the change. Some examples include renaming method or variable names (or anything with an IDE’s find-and-replace feature), changing internationalized text, or adding/removing a method call. However, the full test suite for a project can take a very long time to run, so I initially test only the modified (and related) classes. I figured it would be nice to have a script automatically test the modified files for me, so I tried my hand at writing one.
Granted, this is my first bash script so I may have missed some standards/conventions, but I did my best to keep up with best practices. The script will grab the list of modified files from git, parse their “base” file names, and then pass those names appended with the wildcard character (*) to grails test-app. It’s pretty simple, and I wasn’t able to find any scripts that already did this, so I figured it would be a good chance to brush up on my bash scripting skills.
Without further ado, here is the script itself:
Simply copy that into a .sh file, chmod +x permissions to it, and (optionally) add an alias (e.g. alias gitTestModified=’~/scripts/gitTestModified.sh’) in your .bashrc to easily invoke it. So with our example, we could call it with:
By default the script takes no arguments and simply checks the following directories for modified .groovy files (as according to git diff HEAD):
This list can be appended simply by passing some bulk arguments to the script. For example, to check for tests that were modified as well, we can do:
gitTestModified test # Add 'test' to the directories to search for git changes
If there are modified files, the tests will be invoked. If not, then a simple message will pop up saying so.
-r Remove default directories
gitTestModified also allows a -r flag to exclusively check the directories passed in, overriding the defaults in the script. So the following call would look ONLY in the ‘test’ directory:
gitTestModified -r test # Only check the 'test' directory for git changes
Once changed files are found and parsed, the filenames are appended with the wildcard (*) and passed to grails test-app. Since the typical Grails test naming convention is <filename>Spec.groovy or <filename>Tests.groovy, the wildcard will capture these test cases and automatically run them. Obviously if your project does not follow this convention, this script will not work.
-t Test options
If we want to pass additional arguments to grails test-app, so we can for example, run only tests that failed last time, we can do so using the -t option and then providing the arguments:
gitTestModified -t "-rerun" # Only run tests that failed last time we called test-app
Since these arguments are passed directly to grails test-app, it’s best to wrap them in quotes due to the dashes and potential spaces. This also means we can append additional tests to run:
gitTestModified -t "-unit MyExtraTests.groovy"
Finally, the script has a -h flag to display its usage information:
gitTestModified also outputs each call to grails test-app both for easier debugging and for easy copying/pasting in case you want to run the tests independently.
The script currently only checks for .groovy files, and relies on git diff HEAD to get its list of changed files, so committed changes may not show up in that list. It only checks .groovy files (not .java), but you can change the regex variable in the script if you need Java files too. It’s also my first major bash script, so it may be a little rough around the edges. If you’d like to fork it and/or improve on it, I’ve uploaded the code on GitHub.

ServiceMarket, previously known as MoveSouq.com, is one of Dubai's fastest growing startups.
ServiceMarket's website allows customers to get quotes and book home services as well as read reviews of service providers.
ServiceMarket was founded in May 1, 2013 as MoveSouq by Bana Shomali & Wim Torfs. The company changed it's name to ServiceMarket on Nov 13, 2016. It is based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
ServiceMarket is the largest portal in the UAE that connects customers with professional and licensed home services companies: movers, cleaners, painters, gardeners, handymen and insurance companies.
ServiceMarket successfully connected over 150,000 customers to international movers, cleaning services, car insurance companies, painting services, maintenance companies, storage companies, babysitters, caterers, etc. in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah and Doha.
ServiceMarket is backed by AddVenture & Emmar.

Introducing the Newest Type of Blog - 1stAmender
Tags: USA Europe World
Introducing the Newest Type of Blog - 1stAmender published by The 1st Amender
Writer Rating: 2.9394
Posted on 2017-01-18
Writer Description: Changing the way people think about news.
This writer has written 200 articles.
Whether you go on Fox News, MSNBC, CNN, or a web site, ALL mainstream media is inherently biased. Corporations and government agencies are instilling paid political propaganda to promote one or two viewpoints and ignore the rest. The content that you see is often tailored, fabricated, and the public is being actively deceived.
This is a problem because democrats and republicans are fighting each other with their "half" of the same story, while independent thinkers are under-represented or ignored altogether. It doesn't benefit constructive discussion to argue when we only know a portion of what there is, and what’s worse -- the partial information received from the media could be blatantly wrong.
People turn to social media for their political news, which is not as bad but still with flaws. Over and over, unpopular political posts that don't fall within the lines of the company image are taken down from social media sites despite validity.
As a private company, we can't claim our 1st amendment rights and they retain the power to silence your speech. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Google Plus. All of them tailor what you get to see and often ban controversial posts and arguments.
This is a toxic way of thinking. Silencing unpopular ideas is counterproductive. We can't grow as a group because sometimes the unpopular idea could be the best idea. You never really know unless you listen.
I created a website called Firstamender.com where anyone can write an article without risk of persecution or removal of your content. I have heard concerns about our allowance of ALL content so I would like to clarify a few things. As a contributor to First Amender, You cannot advocate any crimes against a physical victim. Other than that, you're free to write what you want. Your article will never be removed. You can write your own articles by making an account which does not request any Personally Identifiable Information. You may reveal yourself for credit at your own discretion.
Some things you can post about:
- Not safe for work content provided it is about that- not safe for work.
- Racism, provided you are not advocating in the physical harm of others no matter what race, ethnicity, creed, sexual preference.
(I personally would like fewer articles with a racist agenda BUT I'm serious about advocating freedom of speech. People are free to speak their opinion!)
- You can advocate drugs. Anti-copyright/anti-patent avocation is okay too. The only potential loss is monetary and there is not a physical harm to a victim.
Some things you cannot post...
- Advocacy of child pornography
- Advocacy of murder, harming people
- Anything that advocates the physical harm of a person.
- Now for this one. I'm a little annoyed by, but I have to, for the sake of the site from getting taken down: You may not post items subject to copyright and patent claims. I can't have people posting movie dumps and downloads as we'll get taken down immediately for that.
Just keep in mind... I should say this to anyone who is writing on my site: You are advocating the first amendment every time you post/share/like and especially write. You are promoting in the 1st amendment as it stands and I intend to provide this platform for everyone to enjoy.
1stamender.com will preserve your anonymity. However 1stamender.com is not responsible for any user posts/ links/content that are shown. An article will not be taken down unless someone files a valid report for it, is fully reviewed and then eventually taken down if it falls under the physical victim clause.
As a final thought for articles being flagged for content. There exists the rating system which actively tallies up everybody’s personal rating of the article which in turn is what will show up at the top of the list through the article sorting algorithm. If you find an article you do not like, you have the ability to make it appear less on the site by simply rating the journalist, the article, or just by waiting. (Even better: Write a counter article) The older an article is the lower it will appear.
You have the right to stay anonymous in your comments, share at your own discretion.

The swatches of them are above - light - medium and the primer.
So let's yack on about the primer for a moment, you can see it's a universal shade, one fits all. It's very light and soft. It's there to blur your skin, no retouching just skin on skin. It's pore smoothing and gives more life to your make-up. It says it has 12HR shine control, I don't know about that, I don't wear my make-up for that long to be honest. Contains a 'unique formula of mattifying spherical powders' with smart filling properties & moisturising Vitamin E ( love me some VE) but here's the thing..does it contain any bens or cones? Well no parabens but it's loaded with dimethicone. I counted Dimethicone 4 x out of the 8 (?) ingredients included. Guess that's why you appear like a Gaussian Blur, your coned out!
Tea Tree Flawless BB Cream £8.00 each
All-in-One InstaBlur £14.00
Available from 21st May 2014 online and in store

"The best lessons are usually the "hands-on" type"
Yep! Honestly if we had sat there and done a little matchstick house I would have hurried him along to get it done and get out but this was way more fun for everyone .. a lot of work but.
We didn't have to get the to school, Christina
We do school at home anyway becuase we live so far from the actual school. There was three other kids here from Conor's class and they came from 160 and 250kms away. The other part of the week's work was to do a discussion on how each different group of people had it hard when they first came here (convicts, free settlers, guards and so on) so they did a powerpoint presentation of all the houses and talked in turn over the top of it and emailed that into the teacher.
I am going to try and save the houses .. pop them into a shed somewhere for future projects. Sorry, got a bit carried away there :p
This was the Governors cottage .. complete with clay governor and dog out the front under the verandah
with the tin boat on the left. It did have a sail but it was so windy it didn't last long!

Regulation of Fto/Ftm gene expression in mice and humans.
Stratigopoulos G., Padilla SL., LeDuc CA., Watson E., Hattersley AT., McCarthy MI., Zeltser LM., Chung WK., Leibel RL.
Two recent, large whole-genome association studies (GWAS) in European populations have associated a approximately 47-kb region that contains part of the FTO gene with high body mass index (BMI). The functions of FTO and adjacent FTM in human biology are not clear. We examined expression of these genes in organs of mice segregating for monogenic obesity mutations, exposed to underfeeding/overfeeding, and to 4 degrees C. Fto/Ftm expression was reduced in mesenteric adipose tissue of mice segregating for the Ay, Lep ob, Lepr db, Cpe fat, or tub mutations, and there was a similar trend in other tissues. These effects were not due to adiposity per se. Hypothalamic Fto and Ftm expression were decreased by fasting in lean and obese animals and by cold exposure in lean mice. The fact that responses of Fto and Ftm expression to these manipulations were almost indistinguishable suggested that the genes might be coregulated. The putative overlapping regulatory region contains at least two canonical CUTL1 binding sites. One of these nominal CUTL1 sites includes rs8050136, a SNP associated with high body mass. The A allele of rs8050136 preferentially bound CUTL1[corrected] in human fibroblast DNA. 70% knockdown of CUTL1 expression in human fibroblasts decreased FTO and FTM expression by 90 and 65%, respectively. Animals and humans with various genetic interruptions of FTO or FTM have phenotypes reminiscent of aspects of the Bardet-Biedl obesity syndrome, a confirmed "ciliopathy." FTM has recently been shown to be a ciliary basal body protein.

No, those new buildings next to the Roaring Fork Club on Highway 82 are not a state-of-the-art breeding facility for skunks. They are greenhouses. But you wouldn’t know it from the smell.
Motorists on 82 notice the smell briefly as they drive by. Bikers and pedestrians on the Roaring Fork Trail stew in it a bit longer; fishermen and golfers longer still. Nearby residents are forced to live under its pungency. That skunky odor emanating from the marijuana-growing operation violates the operation’s county permit. Our elected officials need to be kept informed of this situation so that they can react appropriately when license renewals are submitted.
If that smell interferes with your enjoyment of your residence or recreation, please speak up and express your frustration.
This has nothing to do with the morality of marijuana. Break out the Pink Floyd and Ben & Jerry’s and enjoy. Just don’t inflict the smell of industrial skunk on your neighbors.
This is about preserving—at our homes, in our gardens, and along our river—the crisp mountain air we all enjoy.
Please leave your thoughts or tell your experience with this below.
POST A NEW COMMENT * e-mail addresses will not be published on the website

Kevin Hawkins writes
> Digital humanities centers have been dealing with these questions as
> they've accumulated projects, and sometimes they have dumped them on
> libraries to try to preserve.
"dumped" maybe but I would still try to see this as an opportunity
for libraries to move into a growing activity.
Thomas Krichel http://openlib.org/home/krichel

Over the past couple of weeks I’ve shared the ways I store paper in The Fungeon (that’s the fun, mystical name I’ve given to my very plain, cinder-block basement). You can see those posts by clicking on the links below:
- Paper Storage in The Fungeon: Card Stock (part 1)
- Paper Storage in The Fungeon: Card Stock (part 2)
- Paper Storage in The Fungeon: Designer Series Paper
I received such positive feedback from the paper storage ideas that I thought I’d like to share more. Today, I’m going to share with you how I store my punches, inks and other miscellaneous items. I’m very particular about my punches, and I’m really happy with my method for storing them – easy to access, easy to see, easy to reference, easy to return to their proper place. Easy.
First – Let me orient you a bit to layout of The Fungeon. Here’s the desk where I stand to stamp. The desk doesn’t normally look like this – it’s normally covered from side to side with stamps, punches, papers, trimmers and scissors that let you know I’ve been working. Because I stamp downstairs, I don’t have to clean things up when I have company coming over – I just don’t let them come downstairs. 🙂
To the left of the desk, there’s an industrial trash can where all my scraps go. No garbage or food goes in that trashcan, so I can take my time to fill it up. To the left of that is my desk where I host webinars for my team members and do “businessy” stuff.
To the right of the desk, you’ll see my paper filing cabinet. To the right of that is an industrial shelf with my punches, inks and miscellaneous tools – all in easy reach with a couple of steps from my desk.
Here’s the middle section of the shelf:
I keep my punches in these square trays I found at Target (see them here). They are sturdy and fit on the shelf perfectly. I store my Envelope Punch Board and Gift Box Punch Board behind the trays, and I store my Stampin’ Trimmer to the left of them – the first thing I can get to from my desk.
Why do I store them like this? I like to be able to see the images on my punches – when stored standing on their sides, the images are how I’d expect to see them in a punched image. The butterfly is right-side up, the bird is resting quietly and the ones with dimensions (oval punches) are perfectly presented.
Because I have a little extra room in the bin on the right, I keep a couple of small items in a box lid and my address stamps in an old clear box.
To the right of these bins, I keep my tag topper punches and border punches. I store them on their sides and slide them right into the slats in the shelf. It’s not a perfectly beautiful way to store them, but it’s wonderful for a quick reference when I need them.
On the top section of the industrial shelf, I keep my inks and other miscellaneous things (snips, Stamp-a-ma-Jig, paper piercer) that I need on-hand. I purchased this spinning carousel in 2003 or 2004 – long before Stampin’ Up! offered an ink carousel. I’m able to easily store my pads, refills and markers in the built-in slots. The colors are organized in alphabetical order by color family – with In Colors filling in the spaces at the bottom. I’ve added punched circles of card stock along the sides to more easily identify the slots for the colors.
To the left of the ink carousel, I have a caddy I purchased at a craft store – lots of stuff gets piled in here, but I know exactly where to find everything:
OH! See that little blue ribbon hanging off the back of the shelf? You might not know this, but I earned a VERY PRESTIGIOUS award last summer – you can see more about that here – go on over and scroll to the bottom of that post. 🙂
I hope you’ve enjoyed these posts about The Fungeon. I’m so happy I am able to share them with you.
Thanks for stopping by today!
Weekly Deals. The Weekly Deals were announced yesterday. What a great lineup! Check them out here:

H.S. FOOTBALL: Thorpe, South Side play to make a statement
Jay Thorpe is willing to do what he needs to do when his team needs to do it.
This past Friday night was a good example of that.
Thorpe and the South Side Hawks trailed 20-0 in the fourth quarter. Jackson Central-Merry was the team who’d scored those 20 points, and Thorpe was like a head hunter looking for Cougar ball-carriers to bring down.
“I wanted to win,” Thorpe said. “I don’t know what anybody else was doing, and it doesn’t matter.
“But I wanted to win. I know everybody else wanted to win, and I was ready to lay out for tackles if I needed to.”
Thorpe totaled 18 tackles in the victory as the Hawks scored three touchdowns in the fourth quarter to come back for the victory.
A lot of the defensive production for the team came in the second half.
Head coach Brian Moore admitted they tried to make adjustments in the second quarter, but it took the break at halftime to really break it down for the players to understand the changes. Thorpe said there wasn’t any kind of major discussion in the locker room other than talking Xs and Os.
“There wasn’t a lot of yelling or anything like that,” Thorpe said. “There was just a talk like, ‘This is what we need to do, so let’s go do it.’
“Then we went out and did it. That was all we needed.”
This week is an important week for the Hawks as they host Dyersburg. The Trojans, despite coming in with a 2-3 record, should be their toughest test to date.
Thorpe said he’s heard some talk about the Hawks not being expected to win.
“We’ve heard about how we haven’t beaten anybody and none of the teams we’ve beaten have won a lot of games,” Thorpe said. “But like our coaches say, all we can do is all we can do.
“We’ve won the games we’ve played, and that’s what we’re supposed to do. Now we’re trying to beat Dyersburg this week.”
Thorpe said the Hawks do feel respected by the people who live in south Jackson who follow the Hawks.
“They appreciate that we’re undefeated because it’s been a while since South Side football has won a lot of games,” Thorpe said. “That makes us want to win one more each week.
“Dyersburg is that team we play this week, so we want to win that one.”
Brandon Shields, 425-9751

This weekend, we pull a gem from the archives. Recorded in 2012, the unfairness and fraud Gretchen discusses in this interview have only become more egregious over the following three years.
Gretchen Morgenson has earned a Pulitzer-winning career from exposing abuse and conflicts of interest on Wall Street. In this interview, she confirms that there is indeed a second set of rules enjoyed by our elite financial institutions, largely unfettered by the constraints that apply to the rest of us.
Consequences for failure and fraud are very different under this second set of rules — in fact, they're practically rewarded. Accountability, by all prudent measures, has become non-existent. The extraordinary measures the U.S. deployed to deal with the great contraction in 2008 only served to exacerbate these imbalances.
What's sorely needed now is a national dialogue on whether we're willing to allow this to continue. What benefits are we receiving by enabling these elite to enjoy such different standards? What type of system and rules might work better for our interests?
Sadly, beyond the disorganized Occupy Wall Street outrage that has waned in visibility, there is no real cogent, organized public debate focused on this right now. A big reason is that Washington is actively avoiding such a dialogue. It was fundamentally complicit in creating the underlying factors resulting in the '08 collapse and it doesn't want brighter light helping the public understand that more clearly.
As a populace we have a decision to make: Are we going to get more engaged and start articulating the reform we want to see? For if not, we're making a passive decision to allow the wealth gap to widen further.
In the meantime, Gretchen sees a lot of instability in financial markets that have been allowed to balloon further even though the underlying causes of the '08 crash haven't been resolved. She cautions investors to avoid risk (despite the Fed's encouragements), pay down debt, and have a defensive plan in place should the markets suffer another serious correction in the near future.
On the Two Sets of Rules
Honestly, the transfer of wealth that has been created, that has been taken from the saver — and from the taxpayer, do not forget — to “mend the financial system” or to keep it from falling off the cliff, is extraordinary.
When you talked about savers, these are the people as you point out that really had nothing to do with the crisis. They were in fact, doing the right thing, not buying more house than they could afford, putting away money for college education, etc. They are the ones who are really paying the price now.
I think that has led to a very angry populace but also a sense that there are two sets of rules in the country. That one set applies to big and powerful institutions that when they go awry are rescued quickly. Then there is another set of rules for the rest of us who do what we are asked to do, do what we are supposed to do, and really then become victims of the situation. It is very unfortunate and I think it is, as you say, corrosive.
On the Lack of Accountability
The idea that forging signatures, that notarizing very important legal documents really improperly in thousands of cases — maybe millions — the idea that that is somehow is going to be allowed to go on with just sort of a penalty of some kind or a fine and not prosecuted in the criminal courts, I think it is amazing. It is really counter to what we have all been led to believe was the course of action in such a case.
You have many small people, small fry mortgage fraudsters who are in jail. I mean we are talking about the people who were straw buyers for homes who defrauded banks. They are in jail for a reason: because they perpetrated a fraud. These banks whose employees were forging signatures should also have been prosecuted with vigor and they were not. They were simply allowed to negotiate their way out of trouble and negotiate their way with shareholders money. They are not paying it out of their own executives' pockets; they are paying it out of the shareholders' pockets. There really is no accountability here whatsoever.
There were 1,100 criminal referrals in the S&L crisis and there were 839 convictions. That is a sizable number and far, far, far more than we have seen. I mean I think I can name one senior level person at a mortgage company who is in jail at the moment
On the Need for a National Dialogue
I am shocked that it has not led to a really honest dialogue already, this crisis, because it was so large and so devastating and it hurt so many people that I thought 'Wow, this is really it. This is going to force the issue to be brought in to the open, to be discussed intelligently and to be resolved'. It just has not been.
I mean I lay it at the feet of Washington because I think they were crucially involved in the crisis in the years leading up to it. There is a reason why they do not want to deal with it. There is a reason why they do not want vigorous investigations because it could very well lead back to an understanding that they were major contributors to the crisis.
You have this weird disconnect where the populace at large, many people are angry and concerned and discussing and dialoguing as you say on the Internet and in coffee shops. Washington: it just rings hollow for them. They just do not want to address it. This is the failure I spoke of earlier about how no dealing with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. No resolution for the big banks that are too big to fail. It is a deep, I think, dysfunction in Washington that may be a result of their understanding of how deeply involved they were in laying the groundwork for the crisis.
On Remaining Market Risk
The resolution to this crisis was supposed to be the Dodd-Frank Legislation of 2010. Unfortunately, it was I think not even close to what was needed to proscribe this kind of thing from happening. Again I think that first of all, Dodd-Frank did absolutely nothing about Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It was completely silent on those mortgage companies who were very central to the problems and are in to the taxpayer for $183 billion dollars. The fact that it was silent on that issue is very, very important to remember. We have no resolution in place, no suggestion of one for either of those companies.
The second thing that I think is a big failing of Dodd-Frank is that it did nothing about too big to fail institutions. That’s the powerful, politically interconnected financial institutions are not allowed to fail when they get in to trouble. If it had been me, I would have liked to have seen something that cuts these institutions down to a more manageable size and yet we did not force that on them at all. In fact, if you take a look at the assets at the top ten banks in the United States they are bigger; they are larger than they were before the crisis.
Those are two elements that I think have absolutely not been dealt with that leave us really vulnerable to another episode like this in the future.
Click the play button below to listen to Chris' interview with Gretchen Morgenson (runtime 20m:02s):
Gretchen Morgenson ia one of the most well respected financial editors and journalists of our time. Many of you know Gretchen from her Pulitzer Prize winning work at the New York Times in which she has written cutting exposes of the corrosive conflicts of interest on Wall Street as well as the reckless practices that led to the 2008 correction and its aftermath. She is also a co-author of the recent book: Reckless Endangerment: How Outsized Ambition, Greed, and Corruption Led to Economic Armageddon.
Gretchen is assistant business and financial editor and a columnist at the New York Times. She has covered the world financial markets for the Times since May 1998 and won the Pulitzer Prize in 2002 for her "trenchant and incisive" coverage of Wall Street.
Gretchen joined The Times as assistant business and financial editor in May 1998. Previously, she was assistant managing editor at Forbes magazine since rejoining the magazine in March 1996. Before that, she was the press secretary for the Forbes for President campaign from September 1995 to March 1996.
From August 1993 to August 1995, she was the executive editor at Worth magazine. As the number two editor, she oversaw all financial coverage. She also wrote an investigative "Full Disclosure" column monthly.
From November 1986 to August 1993, she was an investigative business writer and editor at Forbes magazine. She broke the story of anti-investor practices on the Nasdaq stock market that was followed by Justice Department and SEC investigations. Earlier, she oversaw several Forbes investing sections and their Washington bureau.

Home Video 60 + Minute Videos Pivoting to the Endgame - Roger Hallam - Extinction Rebellion UK 3 months ago 3 months ago Pivoting to the Endgame – Roger Hallam – Extinction Rebellion UK by Marcus 0 Post PaginationPrevious PostPreviousNext PostNext Existentialism, Extinction, Neo-Indigenous, Paradigm, Rebellion, video Posted by Marcus I help to grow Vegan Permaculture. 0 Comments Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Sign me up for the newsletter! This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Websites can range from the very simple to the very complex. They can contain content which rarely changes, or content which requires constant updates, additions or deletions. It may be an e-commerce website that requires shopping cart technology, or a website capable of processing complex line of business functionality.
All websites have a number of things in common. They require the following in order to be accessible by the public:
- Domain Name Registration - This is what your website is called (eg. www.yourwebsite.com.au)
- Domain hosting - this is where your website lives
- DNS hosting - this is how the web knows where to look for your website when someone types your web address into their browser. It marries the domain name with the web host.
WIZBANG IT has selected the best providers to partner with in order to be able to provide all of these making it a one-stop shop for your business.

‘It is just cruel’ - Anger as Tesco installs netting to stop swallows nesting
PUBLISHED: 10:10 15 March 2019 | UPDATED: 13:43 15 March 2019
A Norwich supermarket has been criticised for installing netting to stop migrating birds from nesting.
Dozens of people, including TV presenter Jake Humphrey, have complained to Tesco after the company installed the nets at its Harford Bridge store.
The supermarket on Ipswich Road has covered the roof of its trolley station where swallows nested last summer.
Residents and shoppers voiced their concerns after pictures of the netting were posted online.
BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey tweeted: “Seriously @Tesco?!? Netting off swallow nesting sites in trolley shelters in Norwich. Experts say returning swallows will get caught and die. Take them down!!!!!”
Tesco said the nets were installed to address health and safety concerns over bird droppings falling onto trolleys.
The company said it had followed advice from experts and was encouraging birds to nest at the rear of its store.
A 67-year-old woman from Hellesdon, who does not want to be named, said: “These are little birds who have flown all the way from Africa and they come here and get caught in the nets. It is horrendous.
“I think there has to be another way. One idea is that they could have just put a temporary roof over the trolleys
“Apparently it was quite a sight last year to see all the birds nesting there.
“To put netting up is just cruel because they want to land somewhere, but they will just get their feet stuck in this.”
Tesco said: “Following advice from experts, we’re installing netting at the front of the store.
“This is designed to encourage birds to the back of our store which has purposefully been left open so that they can nest here instead.”
After numerous comments on social media the RSPB said: “We’re aware of the situation at Tesco Norwich re-netting the building where swallows traditionally nest.
“We’re currently in discussions to provide advice to support returning swallows and find ways to accommodate them. We’ll advise once we have further detail.”
If you value what this story gives you, please consider supporting the Eastern Daily Press. Click the link in the orange box above for details.

Wondering if the benefits of Yoga can help you age more gracefully? They certainly do!
The benefits of yoga include boosting bone density, balancing hormones, helping you sleep better, and feel calmer which of course all help us to live healthier and fuller lives.
Watch this short video that will give 3 key ways that Yoga enhances your health to help you age gracefully:
-keep your spine healthy supple and flexible
-bring your stress levels down in just a few deep breaths
-slows the aging of your brain to improve memory, balance, and mood
Amazing right? And the great news is that these benefits happen quickly and boost your health on every level: spiritual, mental, emotional, and physical! Talk about multitasking!
What Could be Accelerating the Aging Process?
Did you know that sitting so much can take a toll on your body and may be accelerating the aging process? As we get older we are much more sedentary than we were as children. We drive everywhere instead of walking. The remote control has replaced our need to get p and change the tv channel. Even if it were only a few steps.
How does sitting too much accelerate teh aging process?
- Lower back, neck, shoulder, or wrist pain
- Rounded, a slouched posture that makes you feel and look older than you are
- Insomnia, depression, or high-stress levels
- Weight gain, low energy, headaches
- Frequent colds and illness
…or maybe all of the above?
The benefits of yoga can help you slow done teh aging process and get you on a path to many vibrant golden years.
As a personal trainer and yoga instructor with over 15 years of experience, Megan Nolan is on a mission to help busy entrepreneurs commit to a consistent Yoga practice so they are vibrantly energized and taking empowered action towards their big dreams!

Stokely Carmichael dead at 57
From student rebel to apologist for the African bourgeoisie
18 November 1998
Kwame Ture (Stokely Carmichael), the civil rights activist and student leader who embraced black nationalism and moved to Africa nearly three decades ago, died Sunday at the age of 57 near his home in Conakry, the capital city of Guinea. The cause of death was prostate cancer, first diagnosed in 1996.
In a political sense, Carmichael had been dead for many years. His appeals to black Americans to return to Africa won little response, and the bourgeois nationalist leaders he embraced in west Africa--including Kwame Nkrumah and Ahmed Sekou Toure, whose names he took to express his admiration--left a political legacy of poverty, corruption and inter-tribal warfare.
In the United States Carmichael's meteoric political career coincided with the greatest social movement of the last half-century, the civil rights struggles and ghetto upheavals of the 1960s. Born in Trinidad and Tobago, he came to live in Harlem at the age of 12, in 1952, and by late adolescence had become politically active on the fringes of the labor and socialist movement in New York City.
In 1961, while a freshman at Howard University, he joined the Freedom Riders, students both black and white who rode in integrated groups on buses throughout the South, deliberately challenging segregation and frequently risking arrest and racist violence. Carmichael was arrested repeatedly, in one case serving a 49-day sentence at the notorious Parchman Prison in Mississippi, a facility whose inmates described it as "worse than slavery."
The Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) became an organizing center for those, particularly youth, who were dissatisfied with the tactics and leadership of the Southern Christian Leadership Council and Martin Luther King Jr. They sought a more militant and aggressive struggle against racial segregation in the South and against manifestations of racism throughout American society. Carmichael became a SNCC organizer in 1964 and was elected chairman in 1966, succeeding John Lewis.
The new SNCC chairman quickly drew attention with a speech in Greenwood, Mississippi in which he declared his support for the goal of "black power." While initially only a vague assertion of racial pride and militant opposition to oppression, this slogan was developed by Carmichael and other black nationalists into a program of thoroughgoing separatism.
Rejecting the struggle for integration to which the bulk of SNCC remained committed, Carmichael left the group in 1967 and established links with the Black Panther Party of Huey P. Newton. But soon afterwards he broke with the Panthers, rejecting their policy of seeking links with white student radical groups such as Students for a Democratic Society.
In a letter to the Black Panther Party he declared, "The alliances being formed by the party are alliances which I cannot politically agree with because the history of Africans living in the United States has shown that any premature alliance with white radicals has led to complete submission of the blacks by the whites."
Carmichael's black separatism was so categorical that he rejected any united struggle of blacks and whites against oppression, including unity between poor whites and poor blacks.
In a speech February 17, 1968 at a Black Panther Party rally in Oakland, California, he declared that the exploitation of blacks by other blacks was not as oppressive as the exploitation of blacks by whites, because all blacks shared the same culture, institutions and values. An excerpt from this speech, broadcast by National Public Radio as part of its obituary notice for Carmichael, contains the following statement, revealing his ignorance, or willful disregard, of the history of struggle by the American working class:
"Poor white people are not fighting for their humanity, they're fighting for more money. There are a lot of poor white people in this country. You ain't seen none of them rebel yet, have you? Why is it that black people are rebelling? Don't think it's because of poor jobs. Don't believe that junk that honky is running down. It's not poor jobs. It's a question of a people fighting for their culture, for their nature, for their humanity."
Carmichael's views were perhaps the most chemically pure version of black nationalism, but he spoke not just for himself, but rather for an entire social layer of black petty bourgeois. Like most of the representatives of black nationalism, his origins were not in the working class or in the rural South, but in a more privileged layer. He was a West Indian, like Marcus Garvey, whose "back-to-Africa" program he came to espouse. He grew up in a largely white neighborhood, moved in middle class circles and attended the elite Bronx High School of Science.
Though he called himself a socialist throughout his later life, this was only in the sense that radical bourgeois nationalists throughout Asia, Africa and Latin America use the word. He was as distant from genuine socialism, Marxist internationalism and a working class outlook as could be imagined.
This was demonstrated in his decades in Africa, where the regimes which he had saluted as the vanguard of humanity descended into corruption and squalor. Nkrumah was ousted in a military coup and fled to Guinea. He and Carmichael founded the All African Peoples Revolutionary Party, which retains a small following in the United States. A decade later, Sekou Toure was himself overthrown in Guinea, and Carmichael was briefly arrested, then released.
Today the countries of west Africa are mainly ruled by right-wing military cliques, in some cases installed after armed intervention by the Nigerian military dictatorship. The region has been bled dry by imperialism, and bled doubly by the bourgeois regimes that have ruled on behalf of the former colonial powers since nominal independence came in 1960. For the great masses of workers and peasants throughout the region, conditions of life are worse than 30 years ago.
Despite his socialist rhetoric, and his trips to Cuba and Vietnam, Carmichael/Ture remained a thoroughly bourgeois figure. His last days featured three visits to his deathbed by the Reverend Jesse Jackson, who was touring west Africa as the envoy of the Clinton administration. He received prominent and respectful obituaries in the American press.
Thirty years since the assassination of Martin Luther King
[4 April 1998]

English Paper Piecing is a traditional quilting and patchwork method of hand-sewing shapes together using paper templates. With a variety of shapes and sizes available the design possibilities are endless. These packs of pre-cut shapes are proudly made in England the home of English Paper Piecing. Our pentagon shapes are measured by the length of one side.
The 2" pentagons are perfect for making 3D patchwork baby balls!

Building Class #3 - What you need to know about Framing
In this issue:
- Creating an energy efficient home
- Lumber and engineered wood products
Don't miss this informative class. We will be discussing building an energy efficient home, getting hard bids and the framing process.
When: Saturday March 16th 2013
5327 FM1488 Suite F
Magnolia, TX 77354
Creating an energy efficient home
Let us show you how to create a comfortable, energy efficient home that will reduce your utility bills and help the environment. We address the biggest areas of energy loss before it occurs.
Lumber and engineered wood products
Discover the difference between the various wood types and which is best to use. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using an engineered wood product?
Material take off/framing meeting/hard bid process
The material take off and framing coordination meeting is a vital step in the start of the actual wood construction process in making sure .....
Last, but not least - just take a look at this beautiful Timber Framed home. We will have a representative here to explain the best way to go about getting you into the home of your dreams.
More About Us
We anticipate a great turn out for our framing class. Just as a reminder there is extra parking around the back of our building off Sweet Gum Ln. As always a light lunch will be provided.
Built Green Custom Homes
How can we help you today?

When the going gets tough, many laptops may not be able to handle the harsh environments. It takes one that is designed specifically to deal with rugged usage. Getac has launched the new generation of the V110 rugged laptop just for those who need a rugged, yet versatile device they can depend on.
The V110 is designed to perform in challenging work environments such as defence personnel, police officers, paramedics, field utility workers, and manufacturing technicians. Built for rugged usage, it has IP65 and MIL-STD-810H certifications, and is drop resistant to up to five feet while in use.
The device is not just a laptop but also a tablet to give users flexibility of usage. A variety of connectivity options, including 802.11ax Wi-Fi 6, ensures connection performance and stability in dense or congested environments,
As part of the Getac Select programme, the V110 is packed with software utilities such as Getac Driving Safety Utility, Getac Device Monitoring System, Getac Virtual GPS Utility, and Getac KeyWedge Barcode Reader Utility.

The Chicago Bulls needed to show some energy, to look alive for once. It happened to them in a 107-102 win on the road against the Sacramento Kings, without Jimmy Butler even playing. Is it what they need to get back on the right path again?
The win, only their fifth in the last 14 games, wasn’t a display of some offensive cohesion they’ve been looking for all season long. This wasn’t Derrick Rose coming back to that lost form of his (never to return on a consistent basis) or a second unit playing special kind of basketball. There was simply energy, enough communication on defense and shots dropping. Can we say that this was the beginning of something good? With the Bulls this season, it’s impossible to know.
The Bulls won this game early on. Butler complained after their loss to the Utah Jazz, a game the Bulls simply let slip away from their fingers in the end, that no one seems to care. If we can point the finger on one thing compared to their losses in Los Angeles and Salt Lake City, is that the players looked like they cared. But effort and caring isn’t enough in this league. Playing good basketball and making shots goes a long way too.
From time to time, E’Twaun Moore shows he can be a pretty useful and important player for the Bulls. He had his moment last season in a win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. His 24-point performance in the win against the Kings, playing 38 minutes and featuring in the lineup instead of Butler, was once again an opportunity to solidify his status with the team, although it’s hard to tell what happens once Butler comes back after his knee heals up.
The Bulls shot 45.5% from the field. Not great, but they got open looks, and the ball did move more quickly than usual on offense. Derrick Rose turned the ball over seven times and Pau Gasol had six turnovers. They still did enough and more good than harm, with Rose scoring 21 points and Gasol finishing with 16 while grabbing 13 rebounds. The team is also missing Nikola Mirotic, so the 20 combined points from Tony Snell and Doug McDermott didn’t go unnoticed.
Bobby Portis scored 8 points while Taj Gibson looked good on both ends of the floor, finishing with 12 points and 8 rebounds. DeMarcus Cousins did get his 30 points, but the Kings found it easy to score only after the game got away from them. The Bulls played pretty good defense when it still mattered, which might be sign for things to come. But on a team that sometimes finds it difficult to get motivated for games (unless they’re playing LeBron James in some kind of jersey), the next mistake and slump is just around the corner. Maybe it’s a trust issue between players and their coach or between themselves, but before that issue is solved, the Bulls are headed towards a disappointing regular season, and another way too early playoff exit.

If you have downloaded and started using Windows 8 Consumer Preview, you must have noticed and greatly missed the Start Orb of Windows 7. Microsoft has decided to make the infamous Windows Start Menu a thing of the past and replace it with the flashy and colorful Start Screen. But as they say, old habits die hard, and while using Windows 8, more than once have we longed for the Start Orb. Getting used to the new Start Screen will surely take some time. Till you get used to working with the Start Screen, you can use a useful little tool called ViStart that adds a Start Orb and brings the Start Menu to Windows 8. Originally, this application was meant for Windows 7, so it has some issues on Windows 8. Read on to find out about the pros and cons that ViStart brings to Windows 8.
The application is pretty easy to install, and as soon as the installation process is complete, you can see the familiar Start Orb in the left bottom corner of your screen. However, that’s also when you encounter the first issue, that is, the Orb partly covers the first Quick Launch icon or the application icon in the taskbar. All the menus available in Start Orb of Windows 7 are available in Windows 8, enabling you to easily access installed applications.
Other than the graphic issue, installing ViStart disables the default screenshot taking feature of Windows 8 with the Windows + Print Screen hotkey, and you cannot access the Start Screen with the Windows key. Basically, the application sort of hijacks the Windows key to open the Start Menu instead of performing the default functions of Windows 8. If this isn’t enough, another huge turnoff of the application is that it installs a registry scanner without giving any options to disable it during the installation. So, if you want to get the Start Orb in Windows 8, it sure is going to cost you a lot. Nevertheless, if you really want the Start Orb and Menu in Windows 8, this is one solution.
Know any other methods that would work? Make us aware in comments below.
If you want to know why Microsoft decided to pull the plug on Start Menu in Windows 8, read our detailed article here.
Update: In contrast to our prior observation, the installation does allow you to choose if you want to install the registry cleaner or not. There is no check box for it, you just have to click Decline when asked for it and it will install ViStart on your system without the registry cleaner.
Other than that, thanks to the developer, now we know a way of taking care of the overlapping problem of the Start Orb. First, create a new folder in your hard disk and make sure that it has no content in it. Then right-click on your taskbar, choose toolbar and create a New toolbar. Select the new folder made in the previous step as the toolbar folder. The new toolbar will be created in the right edge of your taskbar. Unlock the toolbars and drag and drop the new toolbar to the left most side. Now, right click in the empty area between folder toolbar and the quicklist icons, and uncheck both Show Text and Show Title options. Drag the quicklist handler towards the new Start Orb to remove the gap, and lock the taskbar again.

Cleaning trolleys for janitors
Cleaning cart with durable yellow 75L waste bag
Smooth, easy to clean surface. Delivered with zipped yellow 75L bag for easy waste removal (N-1966719). Optional locking compartment (N-FG618100) to keep cleaning chemicals out of reach. Front platform can hold a double single bucket. Storage compartment incorporated into lid holds a few tools or accessories. Quality mopping trolley by Rubbermaid.
Dimensions: 116.8 x 55.2 x 97.5 cm
Microfibre janitor cleaning cart
A complete system solution for your microfiber cleaning needs. All the features found in the N-FG9T7400-BLA cart.
- Rubbermaid HYGEN™ Microfiber Charging Bucket platform; folds out of the way for use with Lock ‘N Go bucket attachment.
- Microfiber mop frame holder (holds two frames).
- Two 28L Storage Bins; perfect for keeping clean and dirty microfiber heads separated and can be removed from either side of cart.
- Easy separation of dirty and clean microfibre mops.
- Can accommodate up to 2 disinfecting buckets.
- The cart comes fitted with: 4 colour-coded buckets, 2 yellow organising boxes, 1 waste cover and storage compartment and 1 yellow high capacity vinyl bag
WaveBrake side press mopping clenaing trolley
The WaveBrake® mop bucket and wringer system reduces splashing, which means a safer environment, cleaner floors, and improved productivity. This is a high efficiency commercial side press wringer made from industrial tubular steel and structured moulded plastic.
- Wring mops with 18% less effort
- Lasts over 58 times longer than comparable wringers (Structural Web wringer is tested to exceed 50,000 wringing cycles. Average injection molded wringers perform approximately 860 cycles.
- Wringer handle is made from premium tubular steel and has a contoured comfort grip
- Wringer body is made from structural web molded plastic
You might also need

|Home | Download | Support | Products | SiteMap|
How can I make the slideshow play in a loop?
Photostage creates a video output from the selected images and audio but the playback depends on the video player so there is no option to create a loop project.
Try PhotoStage Slideshow ProducerDownload PhotoStage Slideshow Producer free. Seeing and using the software first hand can answer most questions
|Top Product Categories||Most Popular Programs||Top | Back to PhotoStage Slideshow Producer | Privacy | Legal | Home|
© NCH Software

Knipex makes possibly the best pliers in the world.
The metal is extra hard, so the cutters stay sharp even when cutting the hardest wire.
The grips are extra comfortable.
The fulcrum of this plier is extra close to the cutters so less effort is required to cut.
The comparative quality of a Knipex plier was once demonstrated to me at a trade show. The salesman had an anvil and a hammer on the table. He would put a hardened steel masonry nail in the cutters of the plier, put the plier on top of the anvil, and hit it with the hammer to cut the nail. Aflter each demonstration, he would ask us to inspect the plier for damage. The pliers appeared to still be in perfect condition. He also had every other manufacturers cutting plier on the table, and each one was damaged by the same abuse. Although we do not recommend abusing your tools in this way, this demonstration clearly illustrated the superiority of Knipex pliers.
Made in Germany.

"It's a Strike Indicator".... not a bobber. Uses trapped air technology and casts great and will always 'pop' back up to the surface even with a bad mend. This has been the RAGE at Red's Fly Shop with our guide staff, it is quick to move up and down the line and fast to take on and off, plus it requires NO floatant.
- 1" is great for giant stone nymphs or buggers
- 3/4" is the most popular size
- 1/2" casts like a champ and is great for small waters and spring creeks.
- 4 per pack
- *1 1/4" size comes 2 per pack

Counselling in Kendal is based in the town centre at the Kirkland Centre. From £30.00-£40.00.
Social distancing must be maintained and screens will be used.
The counselling and psychotherapy used at Kendal Therapy offers a gently robust approach to life's most difficult and perplexing issues, as well as your everyday concerns.
If you would like to read more about counselling and psychotherapy before you get in touch, you will find a good overview of the topic here and you can follow the links for further information.
If you are in crisis right now and just need to get started, you may prefer to simply get in touch straight away and revisit these pages at a later date.
The 1 2 3 of what to expect in counselling and psychotherapy
1 - Can I talk about anything?
The aim of counselling and therapy is to provide you with a confidential opportunity for you to explore your issues, thoughts and feelings in safety in order to assist your learning, healing, understanding and growth.
My role is to help you through the counselling process without judgement, or telling you what to do. You really can talk about anything. People bring a wide variety of issues that they are facing in their lives right now. These include topics such as depression, anxiety, relationship problems, assertiveness, death and dying, confidence, existential angst, work relationships, mental health issues, sexual issues, ect. and a whole range of human emotions that can come with these issues.
2 - What happens in the first session? (& How much is it..)
In the first session I will explore with you your current issues, inquire about background history and establish the focus of counselling. It's your opportunity to ask anything about counselling or about me to help you to make sure of a good match for your needs. Should you wish to continue, we would discuss our Counselling Working Agreement, which includes: boundaries, confidentiality, fees and an agreed way of working. This first session fee is £40.00. (Concessions are available thereafter for students, unemployed, on a sliding scale from £30.00 to £40.00 - please ask for details in the first session).
Once all this is discussed and decided, we begin our work together and have regular reviews to ensure the effectiveness of the counselling.
3 - How does the counselling process work and how can it help?
The counselling process from beginning to end is firmly rooted in the counsellor offering the relational conditions that are best suited to nurturing psychological growth. Once these conditions are experienced, a person is more likely to be able to explore their issues and take forward their personal development at a pace that suits them.
Counselling helps by offering a chance to tackle the here-and-now issues. It often (but not always) includes developing a better understanding of issues from the past, working through current patterns and concerns to improve the likelihood of a better future.
An overview of the person centred approach to counselling and psychotherapy
As a person centred counsellor I listen very carefully to what you say. I aim to step into your shoes and see the world from your point of view, how you experience your life and any issues you bring, as you see them. I wholeheartedly believe in the positive nature of all human beings and that we are always striving to do the best for ourselves. I believe in the uniqueness and worth of every individual and that everyone deserves respect to choose their own way through life. I recognise that you are the only expert in your own internal world, and the only person who really knows how you feel. Often, the most important thing in counselling is the therapeutic relationship that will develop between us, in which I hope that you will really feel heard and understood, in a non-judgemental way, and that you will experience me as a real and genuine person in this relationship. I hope that you will receive all these conditions from me so that you will be able to deal more effectively with the feelings that are troubling you enough to seek out a counsellor.
You may also like to consider these options in counselling:
I have connected my work to the outdoor environment throughout my life. There is something special about having counselling outdoors. If you think this sounds appropriate for you and what you are bringing to counselling, find out more on here and discuss with Chris.
Working with a range of creative arts techniques can really help people deepen the theraputic process and help ehance the outcomes of standard counselling.If you think this sounds appropriate for you and what you are bringing to counselling, find out more on here and discuss with Chris.
I have had specialist additional training in facilitating spiritual and existential development for those intersted in exploring these areas in counselling. If you think this sounds appropriate for you and what you are bringing to counselling, find out more on here and discuss with Chris.
For more information on the counsellor, his background, experience and qualifications please click on the link below. Also you may want to see an overview of the common issues that people bring to counselling and you can click that link below. Or you have decided that you have read enough, and you are ready to contact Chris and book the first session, so click that link below.

Let us be honest... we so often see people or interact with people and think to ourselves…
”what is wrong with that person?”
A normal response...
But what if we shifted the focus and asked them...
“what happened to you in your story that has effected the way you are responding today?”
Imagine: You are driving down the street and you see a young girl, barely enough clothes on to cover her feminine features, begging for the attention from surrounding men, clearly abusing alcohol or some other substance, falling down, drunk.
Imagine: A young boy in a classroom who can not focus on the task to save his life... driving his teachers and peers to the edge.
Imagine: A 49 year old man who has been in and out of rehab more times than you can count on one hand. Lost his business, his family, his sanity.
What is wrong with them?
-She was abused by her uncle from age 5-10. Never shown what true love and respect looks like.
-He has been in 3 foster homes in the last year and his mother abused drugs when she was pregnant and gave him up for adoption at age 3.
-He never knew his mother and his father raised him and struggled with his own mental health and addition issues.
“People are harder to hate close up. Move in.”
This is in line with the chapter from Brene Brown’s book "BRAVING THE WILDERNESS"
“We're going to need to intentionally be with people who are different than us. We're going to have to sign up, join, and take a seat at the table. We're going to have to learn how to listen, have hard conversations, look for joy, share pain, and be more curious than defensive, all while seeking moments of togetherness.”
Lets take it one level deeper...
I recently read an article that highlights the connection between childhood (and general) trauma and how it manifests in our present reality, personality, and behaviors.
This is a quote from that article....
"A well-established and growing body of evidence tells us the developing brain is an extraordinarily adaptive organ. When a child is raised in an environment with toxic levels of stress, the structure and chemistry of his or her brain evolves accordingly. So a child who is wired for survival in a hostile environment may have a tough time focusing and behaving as expected in a classroom.”
Okay... so what do we do???
The article goes on to say...
“The developing brain, however, is malleable not just in response to adversity. Nurturing, positive, and trusting relationships with adults can repair damage done and reshape the brain’s neuro-architecture in a way that is advantageous to the child—as well as society."
Can we provide nurturing, positive and trusting spaces? Communities? Relationships?
Can we move in. To each other. Listen. Show up.
It would behoove us to move from judgement to compassion. It is time.
Just look at the news for 5 seconds. It is time.
I must add... This is not a call to be mushy and spineless.
This is a call for accountability as well.
But accountability with compassion. It feels vital in our world today.
The invitation is to level up. To face our own stuff.
To own our stories and pain so that we can hold others in theirs.
We need each other to be a safe places to land, to be heard, to be known, to be loved, and to move forward together. We need therapists, teachers, ministers, parents, friends, family to take the risk of softening and listening.
So the next time you are disgusted by that guy on the news channel or that person who commented on your Facebook or that co-worker that you just can’t stand...
Move in with compassion. Become curious about what is behind that persons reality and your response to them. This is not a call to be best friends with everyone or to approve of lifestyles outside your judgement and value system. Do not confuse my words. This it is a call for awareness, curiosity, processing, and peace.
People are harder to hate close up, move in.
I imagine this is true for myself as well. The more compassion I offer to myself, the more I experience myself as loved and held. I have often found myself scattered, exhausted, confused, overwhelmed, running to hard, messy, struggling with this and that and in a shaming tone asking myself “what is wrong with you SC??”
But instead, could I move into myself and take a look around and show myself a little compassion.
We are all carrying more than we know.
We are harder to hate close up.

The Ancient Romans are lauded for inventing cement, which has been one of the basic building materials used by much of the world since it was first created. Cement is great. It’s good for making buildings, roads, sidewalks and more, and if made correctly it can last for hundreds or even thousands of years. Adobe is another material from the ancient world, and the Adobe Blocks 2 mod brings this versatile construction material to the realm of Minecraft. It can be used to create a variety of structures, including furnaces and specialized doors which work for the player, but not for villagers.
You might have noticed the “2” tagged onto the end of the mod name there. That’s because this is actually the second version of the mod, which includes more content than the first and is meant specifically for more recent versions of Minecraft. Now the adobe material can be used for making a set of materials, and even weapons in the form of a sword and rocks used for fighting at a range. There are few other mods which allow you to simply chuck bricks at other payers, except for the Brick mod, and you’ll probably laugh the first time you stone a zombie to death.
Because adobe bricks are essentially made from a mixture of mud, manure and straw in most recipes, adobe isn’t exactly the most durable material in the world. Adobe swords are no replacement for diamond swords, for example. More refined building materials will also weather explosions better than adobe, which is about as strong as stone when compared to all the other materials in Minecraft. If you’re looking to add another level of design to Minecraft, or maybe to build up a believable desert village, you will probably like the Adobe Blocks 2 mod.
Adobe Blocks 2 Mod Update Logs
- Fixed the Adobe Furnace
- Updated to 1.11.2
- Updated block and item registration code
- Update entity rendering code
- Updated to Minecraft 1.8.X
- Added Wooden Crossbeams
- Added Adobe Tile
- Added Adobe Mixture Block
How to install Adobe Blocks 2 Mod?
- Download the mod!
- When you haven’t installed Minecraft Forge yet, download and install it.
- Move the downloaded .jar into the mods folder.
- Have fun!

The concept of a Marine Centre on the Central Coast has been initiated through a number of parallel processes.
Early in 2004, a committee comprising a number of the partner organisations met for initial discussions and to identify possible functions of the Marine Centre. This committee included representatives from community, environment education and marine research sectors and resolved to seek opportunities to pursue the establishment of the Marine Centre.
|Concurrently, Central Coast Tourism initiated a study of nature based tourism on the Central Coast, co funded by the Central Coast Area Consultative Committee, State and Regional Development and Business Central Coast. The study was launched in November, 2004 with one of the recommendations being the establishment of a Marine Discovery Centre.
In 2005, a working group was formed to further develop the concept of the Marine Centre.
The Central Coast Marine Discovery Centre proposal brings together a range of stakeholders with diverse interests, including environment and conservation, education, tourism, economic development, scientific research and development, natural resource management, business and industry.
Through cooperation and a shared vision, stakeholders have engaged in the development of this proposal.
The proposal through its multi-faceted approach recognises the marine and coastal environment and its social and economic values for the Central Coast. It seeks to provide benefits to each of these values.
Download the Background Paper (700 Kb)

|1||She Said: Breaking the Sexual Harassment Story That Helped Ignite a Movement Click Here To Check Price|
|2||Shirdi Saibaba 9 Thursday fasting story Click Here To Check Price|
|3||Chinese Torture Chamber Story Click Here To Check Price|
|4||The Story of Saiunkoku, Vol. 5 Click Here To Check Price|
|5||Billa Click Here To Check Price|
|6||Sei Thrillers (Books 1-3) Click Here To Check Price|
|7||Stories Of Hindu Gods (Offline Audio) Click Here To Check Price|
|8||Satya Sai baba: Story of God Click Here To Check Price|
|9||Talking Silents 9 Roningai Daiichiwa, Dainiwa Samurai Town, Story 1 and 2 Sozenji Baba Sozenji Baba Click Here To Check Price|
|10||The Story of Saiunkoku, Vol. 2 Click Here To Check Price|
Shopping has to become a challenging job in today’s times, especially when you have to buy one from the thousands available. Several makes, variant versions – it is very confusing. To solve your confusion and make the long story short, we have gathered as much information possible for the top 10 sai stories englishs trending in the market these days. Several questions regarding this product may have aroused in your mind when choosing this product; these include:
With so many questions in your mind, it becomes vital for you to get answers to all the questions genuinely and authentically. Always get answers from reliable, trustworthy sources such as authority sites, product reviews, word-of-mouth, sites that offer buying guides, online consumer forums, and more sources that reliably offer such information. Overall, it is significant that we research and acquire enough information regarding the best sai stories englishs before purchasing to keep the complete buying process satisfactory.
We are one of those reliable options which will offer you verified information about the top-rated sai stories english in 2020. And, who verifies our information? Big Data and AI – the authentic and dependable online, proofreading sources. We have designed a unique algorithm code with the latest technological system to list down the top/best 10 sai stories english options available this year.
Our system follows a set of factors to make the trending list, which includes:
We believe that it is our responsibility and priority to offer 100% latest, up-to-date, and accurate information at all times. In this run, if you find any information unappealing, inappropriate, and wrong, then please do not hesitate to get in touch with us. We take complete charge in rectifying the issues. Happy Shopping!
Last Updated: 2020-02-20 by Shanon Hudson

I’ve been enjoying the new World of Warcraft Expansion, the main reason I haven’t returned to Overwatch. And considering the Raid Season just started, I’m not likely to go back […]
I’ve been enjoying the new World of Warcraft Expansion, the main reason I haven’t returned to Overwatch. And considering the Raid Season just started, I’m not likely to go back to it anytime soon!
Every expansion in World of Warcraft has one or more Raid Tiers, with an introductory raid early in the expansion’s lifetime to train newer players in what raiding is like and introduce new and old to some of the new boss mechanics that will surely become a staple of the expansion.
In World of Warcraft: Legion, the first raid is the Emerald Nightmare, a place that I’ve wanted to visit and play in for years. After reading the novel Stormrage and many other pieces of lore, I wanted to see the Emerald Dream for myself, as well as the corruption that taints it. The expansion itself, in its druid Order Hall showed me the Emerald Dream and this raid gave me the Nightmare.
When we raid, we have a simple goal: 1 new boss downed every week. For The Emerald Nightmare though, by the end of the second week we only had the last two of seven to defeat and clear the raid, but their complexity and overall difficulty spike considerably, at least when you compare them to those that stand in the way to them.
Cenarius and Xavius are on another level entirely, with Cenarius reportedly being the harder of the two and I say reportedly because we’ve only had one kill attempt on the first of the two. On Normal mode though, we cleared the entire place—particularly because the challenge difference between the two difficulty modes is massive—though the difficult difference is so staggering that even these two monsters were trivial.
Overall, I love the raid. It has a wonderful visual style, showing you a dark reflection of the natural beauty of the world. From the Emerald Dream’s pathways, which all Druids see on their way to the Order Hall, to various natural areas across Azeroth, the lush green takes on a crimson colour, with dark veins, putrid insects and patches of dead earth. The more twisted areas bring out elements commonly associated with the Old Gods, such as faceless abominations, giant tentacles and mutated creatures.
The Emerald Nightmare is a place of madness and the bosses, the first set for World of Warcraft: Legion, reinforce this idea. Each of them was once a proud defender of Azeroth, now consumed by the corruption and trapped in a personal hell, or aware but incapable of stopping themselves.
To give an example, you begin your journey into the depths of the Nightmare with the dragoness Nythendra, now a consumed husk with a swarm of insects for skin. She is corruption incarnate, her mind twisted to the Nightmare’s ideals. To her, the waking life is an abomination, the nightmare and its endless disturbed sleep being the natural order.
Her boss fight design is actually pretty interesting and features the first set of recurring mechanics for the raid: damaging puddles aka void zones and damage-pulse debuffs that force raid members to step out of the group, not just to avoid hurting others, but also to drop the void zone once the debuff’s counter reaches zero.
She has two phases, the first one you just deal with the debuffs and then a highly damaging breath attack (aka Breath Weapon for the D&D players), but it’s the second that’s really challenging, as you need to fight while avoiding some explosive bugs and the different puddles you dropped during the first phase, which she slowly draws towards her collapsed frame. After this, the battle resets.
It’s a simple fight, made grueling by the absolute need of on-point positioning and debuff handling, as well as the tremendous health pool the boss has, but it’s a very fun fight, without any random nonsense. If you’re doing things properly then you have a lot of control over what’s going on, and that’s good boos design.
This same style of challenging but fair boss fight where the lore and mechanics reinforce the madness of the nightmare are prevalent in World of Warcraft: Legion’s first raid, which for me makes it one of the best out there, even more because of what happens after the end of the raid, where you end up, the people you meet and the things you see.
I won’t spoil it, at least not yet. Once we clear the raid in full, on Heroic mode, which is the one that counts for us, I’ll be back with a detailed review of the raid, from the boss designs to annoyance level on the different trash packs.
So far, I absolutely love it, both in visual style, lore and boss design. I’m slowly picking up my damage output, figuring out the best talents to use in each fight and pushing my DPS one inch closer to the top every single time, which will only get us closer to the goal: ridding the Emerald Dream from the terrible Xavius.

Leverage the power of the preliminary design and innovative visualization functionality inside InfraWorks to take your Civil 3D projects to new heights. During this session, you’ll learn how the expanded toolset of InfraWorks allows engineers to rapidly generate preliminary road and intersection designs, perform traffic simulations, and more. Combine models from Civil 3D, Revit, and more to communicate to stakeholders with complete context, the sense of place and visual impacts of your projects.
During this session you will learn:
- Accelerate project approvals by communicating designs in the context of their surroundings.
- Complete preliminary road and intersection design tasks with greater efficiency.
- Analyze the visual and traffic impacts of designs.
- Exchange intelligent model data between Civil 3D and InfraWorks.
- Maintain more consistent data, context and processes

The production of positronium in a low-temperature (cryogenic) environment is in general only possible using materials that operate via non-thermal processes. In previous experiments we showed that porous silica films can be used in this way at temperatures as low as 10 K, but that Ps formation at these temperatures can be inhibited by condensation of residual gas, or by laser irradiation.
It has been known for several years now that some semiconductors can produce Ps via an exciton-like surface state [1, 2]. Si and Ge are the only semiconductors that have been studied so far, but it is likely that others will work in a similar way. The electronic surface state(s) underlying the Ps production can be populated thermally, resulting in temperature dependent Ps formation that is very similar to what is observed in metals (for which the Ps is actually generated via thermal desorption of positrons in surface states). Since laser irradiation can also populate electronic surface states, and is known to result in Ps emission from Si at room temperature, the possibility exists that this process can be used at cryogenic temperatures.
We have studied this possibility using p-type Ge(100) crystals. Initial sample preparation involves immersion in acid (HCl) and this process leaves the sample with Chlorine-terminated dangling bonds which can be thermally desorbed. We attached the samples to a cold head with a high temperature interface that can be heated to 700 K and cooled to 12 K. The heating is necessary to remove Cl from the crystal surface, which otherwise inhibits Ps formation. Fig 1 shows the initial heating cycle that prepares the sample for use. The figure shows the delayed annihilation fraction (which is proportional to the amount of positronium) as a function of temperature.
FIG. 1: Delayed fraction as a function of sample temperature after initial installation into the vacuum system. After the surface Cl has been thermally desorbed the amount of Ps emitted at room temperature is substantially increased.
As has been previously observed  using visible laser light at 532 nm can increase the Ps yield. This occurs because the electrons necessary for Ps formation can be excited to surface states by the laser. However, these states have a finite lifetime, and as both the laser and positron pulses are typically around 5 ns wide these have to be synchronized in order to optimise the photoemission effect. This is shown in FIG 2. These data indicate that the electronic surface states are fairly short lived, with lifetimes of less than 10 ns or so. Longer surface states were observed in similar measurements using Si.
FIG 2: Delayed fraction as a function of the arrival time of the laser relative to the incident positron pulse. These data are recorded at room temperature. The laser fluence was ~ 15 mJ/cm
When Ge is cooled the Ps fraction drops significantly. This is not related to surface contamination, but is due to the lack of thermally generated surface electrons. However, surface contamination does further reduce the Ps fraction (much more quickly than is the case for silica. This effect is shown in FIG 3. If a photoemission laser is applied to a cold contaminated Ge sample two things happen (1) the laser desorbs some of the surface material and (2) photoemission occurs .This means that Ge can be used to produce Ps with a high efficiency at any temperature, and we don’t even have to worry about the vacuum conditions (within some limits).
FIG 3: Delayed fraction as a function of time that the target was exposed to showing the effect that different laser fluences has on the photoemission process. During irradiation, the positronium fraction is noticeably increased.
There are many possible applications for cryogenic Ps production within the field of antimatter physics, including the formation of antihydrogen formation via Ps collision with antiprotons , Ps laser cooling and Bose Einstein Condensation , as well as precision spectroscopy.
 Positronium formation via excitonlike states on Si and Ge surfaces. D. B. Cassidy, T. H. Hisakado, H. W. K. Tom, and A. P. Mills, Jr. Phys. Rev. B, 84, 195312 (2011). DOI:10.1103/PhysRevB.84.195312.
 Antihydrogen Formation via Antiproton Scattering with Excited Positronium. A. S. Kadyrov, C. M. Rawlins, A. T. Stelbovics, I. Bray, and M. Charlton. Phys. Rev. Lett. 114, 183201 (2015). DOI:10.1103/PhysRevLett.114.183201.

Check Out These Amazing Nerf Blaster Games to Play with the Whole Family
Nerf blasters have been around for a long time and understandably so. They are fun, exciting and perfect for the whole family! It’s a great way of getting the kids off the couch because they’ll definitely want to participate in Nerf blaster activities.
The next time you want the whole family to get involved, check out these fun Nerf blaster games:
- Find some empty bottles or cans and set them up for a game of tin can challenge. It’s very simple to prepare and your entire family will love it. Set up the cans on a table and take turns knocking them down from a reasonable distance. If you really want to be creative, you can get your kids to design the cans with special stickers or markers and then have them try to hit those specific points.
- If you want something a little more educational, you can make targets with words on them and have the kids say each word as they knock it down. This will help them learn while having fun, so it’s a win-win all around!
- Split the family into two teams and have one team protect a special toy or household item and provide it with safe passage from one area of the house to another, while the other team tries to capture the item by eliminating members of the opposite team. This game is a lot of fun and the whole family will be laughing and playing together.
- Freeze tag is a classic and a incorporating Nerf blasters into the game makes it even better. You will need two teams and if a member of the opposing team hits you with a Nerf dart, you must freeze. A member of your own team must touch you with their Nerf blaster in order to be unfrozen.
- If the weather is nice and you want to play outdoors, you can make water balloons and take turns trying to pop them with your Nerf blasters. If the kids are older and you want something more advanced, you can throw the water balloons in the air so they can try shooting them before they hit the ground.
Nerf blasters are a lot of fun and it would be hard to argue against that, especially if you have kids. If you’re looking to entertain your kids and want an activity they’ll love, you must check out Foam Fighters in Edmonton. This indoor nerf arena will provide your kids with hours of fun and give them an experience they won’t forget! If you’re looking for kid’s activities and your children love Nerf games, Foam Fighters is the place

Packing lunches for intake at faculty and discipline trips are a normal prevalence for any discern. Many use freezer packs or insulated lunchboxes to protect the food until their baby opens it at lunchtime.
This can also trade due to records observed from a have a look at performed at University of Texas. Of the 705 lunches analyzed, most effective 1.6% were deemed within the secure region of under 40° F for bloodless storage and above a hundred and forty° F for decent storage of meals. The time body for this examine changed into 1½ hours earlier than lunchtime.
When food is saved at a temperature among those degrees, micro organism can develop and the kid can probably expand a severe, meals borne infection. To assist reduce the risk of cross infection, it’s critical to cook dinner meat very well and the usage of the precise gadgets to hold meals hot or cold enough for intake. In this examine, nearly 40% of the lunches had no ice packs in them.
To make certain a baby’s lunch is safe to devour at lunchtime, observe those steps for safe bloodless or hot storage of food:
1. When getting ready the meals, to begin with, start with a easy running surface to discourage any bacteria transfer.
2. Start first with bloodless components – they will keep other items cooler inside the lunchbox. Ensure juice packing containers, milks and such are refrigerated before putting them into the lunchbox.
Three. For a hot soup or leftovers, add boiling water to a thermos to ensure it’s hot sufficient for storage.
Four. Make sure you have at least one ice p.C. For cold garage. This ice percent need to closing long enough to lunchtime.
5. Items that need unique attention for bloodless storage need to have two ice packs. They need to no longer input room temperature for greater than 2 hours. The ice packs need to touch or sandwich in between. These styles of ingredients consist of:
• Meat, rooster, fish, eggs
• Anything with mayonnaise in or on it
• Peeled or cut culmination and greens
• Dairy merchandise like milk, cheese, and yogurt
• Open box of applesauce or pudding
6. The fine option for quality meals garage is to begin with a quality thermos, lunchbox and ice %. Try to keep away from packing warm and cold objects within the identical garage field.
7. Keep ingredients that require no refrigeration in separate boxes. These foods consist of:
• Prepackaged fruit cups
• Dried fruit (raisins)
• Dried cereal or crackers
• Nuts and seeds (if no hypersensitive reactions are present), nut butters and sunflower seed butter
• Fruit in its unique packaging: bananas, oranges, grapes, cherries, cherry tomatoes

Limited Edition LFL lifesize cardbord cutout of LFL media icon, Erin Marie Garrett of the Dallas Desire. Erin was the league's sweetheart featured in numerous publications, televison shows (such as Geraldo, TMZ, and more...), and radio spots across the country. Stands at approx. 5' 9" tall.
No longer available in stores. Exclusive original copy.
Lifesize Cardboard Cutout
Free Shipping in contiguous United States

Do you like chocolate brownies? Let me rephrase that, who doesn’t love brownies? I know, I know, there are some people out there that are not particularly fond of chocolatey treats. Luckily, I am not one of them and when it comes to brownies, I just can’t say no. They are not precisely the lightest of bites, but hey! Think about it as your reward for eating clean throughout the whole week.
As an avid sweet treat lover and a big fan of Sam’s sister’s mouth-watering brownies, I thought I’d share the following recipe with you, which she is a pro at. This is such an easy dessert to make and this gooey chocolate brownie recipe serves 12 chunky brownies, perfect for sharing them with loved ones and friends (if you don’t end up eating them all in one go, like we nearly did).
Gooey Chocolate Brownies
- Calories 370
- Fat 20.4g
- Saturates 12.39g
- Protein 3.51g
- Carbs 46.9g
- Sugars 36g
- Salt 0.1g
- Fibre 1.6g
- 180g Unsalted Organic Butter
- 200g Dark Chocolate
- 50g Milk Chocolate (Optional)
- 320g Golden Caster Sugar
- 130g Plain Flour
- 3 Eggs
- To Bake: Greaseproof Paper, Baking Tray
- Optional Fillings: Raspberries, Walnuts, Baby Marshmallows, Chocolate Chips (for an extra chocolatey experience!)
- Optional Decoration: Icing Sugar
- Preheat the oven to 170ºC/340ºF (Fan).
- Break up the dark and milk chocolate and cut the butter into small pieces. Mix them together in a heatproof bowl.
- Fill half a small saucepan with hot water. When the water is gently simmering, place the heatproof bowl over it (without touching the water). Leave until the chocolate and butter are melted, stirring regularly. Optional: melt the mixture in a microwave for 2min on high but be careful not to burn it!
- Remove the bowl from the heat and leave to cool to room temperature.
- Once cool, mix the chocolate and butter with the caster sugar, stirring it well.
- Add the flour and eggs. Stir it until it’s all mixed together.
- Cover the baking tray with greaseproof paper and pour in the brownie mixture. Optional: add a filling of choice, simply pressing it into the mixture.
- Put the brownie mixture in the preheated oven and bake for about 30-40min. Feel free to leave it longer if it’s still not quite cooked in the centre (use a toothpick to check). Remember: the perfect brownie is firm on the top but still soft and gooey in the middle; do not leave the mixture in the oven for too long, otherwise your brownies will end up being too hard and crunchy!
- Once baked, take the brownie cake out of the oven and leave it to cool in the tray.
- Once cooled, lift the brownies out of the tray and cut into chunky squares. Optional: add icing sugar to decorate!
Et voilà! See how simple it is? Sam and I enjoyed making them and we loved eating them even more. I have to admit eating your own chewy brownies makes them taste 100% better, and the raspberries and walnuts fillings did not disappoint. Needless to say, they were all gone within two days; to be honest I am surprised we managed stop ourselves from devouring them shortly after we got them out of the oven. It must mean we are getting old. Oh no!
You can have them just as plain brownies or, if you are feeling adventurous, add a scoop of chocolate/vanilla ice cream or berries on top! Simply delicious.
Have you made brownies before? Do you use any other extra fillings to make your brownies stand out? If you really loved our gooey chocolate brownie recipe please leave us a comment and show us some love on social media using the buttons below
Do you love food as much as us? Then check:
- How to Make: Healthy Banana and Oat Pancake Recipe
- Best Pancakes in New York: Bubby’s | REVIEW
- Afternoon Tea at Sketch, London | REVIEW

It’s often said a picture is worth a thousand words. But can you be sure those words are totally accurate? If you’ve been house hunting and have fallen in love with a home based on the pictures you’ve seen online, you should keep in mind that those pictures may not tell the whole story. Here’s why it’s vitally important that you visit potential new homes in person.
Digital photography can be deceiving
Photography has come a long way in the last few years. If you’re viewing an online listing that uses professional photographs, you are seeing the home at it’s absolute best. Photographers can use wide-angle lenses that make rooms appear larger than they actually are. Image processing can make rooms look like they get copious natural light, or make older homes appear brand new. While it is not usually the seller’s intention to deceive you, it does make an in-person visit a necessity – especially when the online photos make a house look amazing.
Photos focus on the positive
Home listings will generally focus on all the positive aspects of a home, and the included pictures will reflect that. If the home has a beautifully landscaped yard or a master suite with luxury amenities, you can be sure those will be highlighted in the photos. What you may not get a picture of are the rooms that haven’t been refurbished, that dark corner in the basement or the neighbors who are so close you can reach out and touch them. If you think a listing may be too good to be true, an in-person visit can uncover any issues that may not be obvious.
You need to experience a home with all your senses
While online photos and videos can give you a great idea of what a home looks like, it doesn’t let you experience it with all your senses. Only an in-person visit can tell you what a home sounds or smells like. Are there noisy neighbors who play music late into the night? Is the home downwind of a factory that occasionally emits a strange odor? These are characteristics that you can’t experience through an online listing.
A home is part of a neighborhood
No matter how much you love a house, it is typically not an island unto itself. Homes are parts of neighborhoods, which have a direct impact on your quality of life. Visiting in person gives you a much better sense of the character of a neighborhood – more than what a visit via Google Earth can tell you. How well do the neighbors maintain their homes? Do people take walks in the evening? Are neighbors friendly and helpful, or do they generally keep to themselves? Do the people next door have chickens in their backyard, complete with a rooster that wakes with the morning sun?
While online listings can present a good overview of a home, it can’t tell the whole story. If you want to get a true sense of a potential new place, it’s best to schedule an in-person visit with your agent.
Compliments of Virtual Results

June 30th – The Madison Place Covington Tour
Join NAIOP for a Behind The Scenes Tour of Madison Place. Garnishing the Covington skyline, Madison Place soars 260 feet above Downtown Cincinnati and the Ohio River. This exclusive collection of luxury apartments is enhanced by ravishing views and personalized service. Madison Place greets future residents with 187 architecturally redefined studio, 1-bedroom, and 2-bedroom spaces ranging from 724 – 1,981 square feet. These spaciously appointed apartments are just as roomy as they are inviting. Whether looking at the spectacular Cincinnati skyline that rests on the winding Ohio River, or at the rolling hills of Northern Kentucky, the views bring an elegant and distinguished ambience at Madison Place. Let the Cincinnati skyline serve as an ever-changing piece of artwork in your brand-new home. Madison Place offers an intentional viewpoint on what modern luxury living should be while remaining acquainted with Downtown Cincinnati.
Thank you to our Event Sponsor
Members can register for free here

Selected as one of the Best Books of 2015 by Hans Gremmen, Jeffrey Ladd, Alec Soth, Melanie McWhorter, Miwa Susuda, Sarah Bradley, Tiane Doan Na Champassak, JM Colberg
Paul Kooiker is among the most interesting conceptual photographers currently working in the Netherlands. Although his work consists entirely of photographic images, he is not so much a photographer as a sculptor and installation artist. His fascination with intriguing themes like voyeurism, innocence and clichés leads him to construct fictive collections of images that are of extremely uncertain origin, subject and significance. In his latest installation, Nude Animal Cigar, created at the invitation of the Hague Museum of Photography, Kooiker looks back over his twenty-year career in the visual arts. The result is a bewildering array of two hundred photographic works, in which images of nudes and of animals are interspersed with close-ups of the countless cigars he has smoked in his studio over the years.
Paul Kooiker is not interested in creating the perfect photographic image. The value of his work lies not in his individual photographs (which are sometimes overexposed, blurred by camera movement or grainy), but in what he does with them postproduction – the subsequent process of selection and manipulation. In the initial phase of his creative process he is a deliberately ‘bad’ photographer, producing a mass of exploratory material that often runs to hundreds of images. He then approaches this material as a visual artist, creating ‘collections’ in the form of three-dimensional installations and photo books. These fictive collections look as if they have been found somewhere or have turned up in some ancient suitcase abandoned for decades in an attic. To ensure their credibility, Kooiker pays meticulous attention to internal consistency of form and style. This stands in sharp contrast to the contents of his series, which are often enigmatic and vaguely disturbing.

Public toilets letting us down
The inadequacy of public toilets today indicates an abandonment of both municipal responsibility and social solidarity
In his 1937 essay What is a City?, historian, sociologist and architecture critic Lewis Mumford described the city as a theatre — a space in which the social drama of urban life could play out.
It’s unlikely he envisioned the daily drama of parents with young children, the sick, and the weak-of-bladder looking in vain for an accessible public toilet.
According to journalist Lezlie Lowe, it’s a struggle that’s all too common — testament to the decline in public toilets.
In her book No Place to Go: How Public Toilets Fail our Private Needs, Lowe argues that the state of our public toilets tells us a great deal about what kind of cities and what kind of society we want to be.
The automated toilets that now dot the urban landscape suggest a rather bleak compromise.
The self-cleaning silver kiosks function increasingly as a kind of anti-facility, designed to minimise messy human reality as much as possible.
The toilets have no seats, to prevent them being defaced or ripped out; they are lit with blue UV lights, to deter drug users; their doors are designed to open automatically, to discourage lingering; and they are almost chronically lacking in soap and paper.
“When automated flushers and [taps] and hand dryers stop working, no human is there to know except the users — who have, precisely as a result of automation, been alienated from the space and feel no need to … report, for example, a non-flushing and rapidly filling clogged toilet,” Lowe told RN’s Blueprint for Living.
It’s hard to imagine a more abject illustration of the failure of economic rationalism in urban design than a hapless individual interrupted while trying to relieve herself, by an automatically flushing toilet that flushed too soon, and automated doors that open unprompted to expose the unfolding drama within.
Lowe started writing about public bathrooms a long time ago because she had young children.
Nothing brings the issue into sharper relief than a child looking up at you in desperation, saying they need to go, she says.
“I recognised that I was changing the way I used the city because I always had to have bathroom radar.
“So I started looking at different people, for example, people who have Crohn’s or Colitis. Their entire day may be structured around where [they] can go, where [they] know [they] have instant access.”
Of course, people with serious health conditions are just the pointy end of the problem. Lowe quotes one estimate that suggests when you include the elderly, parents with children, and menstruating women, roughly a quarter of the population has special bathroom needs.
Read full article at https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-06-01/decline-in-public-toilet-design-disadvantages-women-elderly/11167952

Tips for Paying Off Holiday Credit Card Debt
The holiday season is probably the most joyous time of the year. People buy gifts and decorations, go on vacations to enjoy and release their stress. A lot of people easily tend to get caught in overspending during the holiday season. Once the holiday hangover is finished and people get back to day to day life, they feel the punch from the holiday season in the form of a credit card bill.
If you too are worried about paying your travel credit card bill, don’t worry! We have compiled a list of important tips that will help you to pay off your holiday credit card debt.
Assessing your Financial Situation
The first and the most vital tip to pay off your holiday or travel credit card debt in UAE is to assess and analyze your financial situation. Reviewing your financial situation that essentially includes your monthly budget along with long and short term financial goals helps to identify the tolerable credit limit. Cardholders can make a list of all the outstanding debts, minimum payment amounts, applicable rates of interest and the time horizon in which you would pay the outstanding debt.
Choose the Correct Payment Strategy
Paying your holiday/travel credit card is not as simple as it seems. Cardholders should follow a well-structured strategy in order to make the repayments. Cardholders should consider paying the bills of those credit cards that have the highest rates of interest. Initially, it might appear to be difficult however; cardholders can pay the minimum amount in order to witness their progress on the way of paying off debts. Making timely payments will not help you to get rid of outstanding debts but it will also maintain your credit score.
Review your Holiday/Travel Credit Cards
Cardholders should be aware of the different pros and cons of their travel credit cards to avoid a hassle in the future. Cardholders can eliminate credit cards with high annual fees and rates of interest and focus on availing more reward points to extract the maximum benefit out of their travel credit cards.
Keep a Track of your Credit Rating
Credit cardholders should lay emphasis on maintaining their credit score as irresponsible credit card usage might disturb their credit rating. Making timely repayments of your debts will ensure that your credit rating is not affected. After paying off your holiday/travel credit card bill cardholders should re-assess their credit ratings.
Market and shopping malls might appear tempting during the holiday season. However, in order to avoid trouble cardholders should avoid overspending. Minimizing unnecessary expenses like dining out, movies, and clothing can affect your budget in a positive way. Making simple lifestyle changes can save a considerable amount of money that will help you to manage your expenses.
Save for the Next Year’s Holiday Season
Another useful tip that will help you to pay off your travel credit bill in UAE is saving to fund the holiday season. Saving small amounts of money periodically will reduce the requirement of credit to fund your holiday season. Assess your expenditure in the holiday season and start planning for the next year.
The holiday season witnesses an exponential rise in the prices of gifts and other products that are sold during that time of the year. Shopping early will save a lot of your money and you can evenly distribute your expenditure throughout the year instead of bearing it all at once. This approach will not only keep your holiday/travel credit card bill on the lower side but will also prevent overspending.
Don’t Buy Expensive Products unless you’ve got a Plan in Place
The most common reason behind the credit card trap is the desire to purchase expensive gifts that are unaffordable. Although the holiday season offers high discounts that appear tempting, cardholders should plan their purchases to make sure they do not end up in a debt trap. The correct approach to doing this would be planning and saving instead of opting for credit in the UAE.
Make use of Credit Card Reward Points
If you are stuck in a debt trap due to irresponsible credit card usage you would have accumulated a lot of reward points. Using reward points to repay your travel credit card bills is the best way to prevent your finances from crashing down. If you have been using a credit card with a high rate of interest, you can transfer your balances to a credit card with comparatively lower rates of interest.
The tips shared in the article will help you to pay your outstanding credit card bills. However, if you are unable to find a practical and realistic way to pay your credit card bill you should consult an expert or counselling firm. Consulting experts will help you to prepare a plan to make credit card repayments in UAE.

Offering our customers a natural alternative to enhance their physical and mental well-being is what we're all about at PureRemedies CBD. Our CBD shop in Fort Mill, SC, is your number one source of hemp-derived products for many of your health-related concerns such as anxiety, sleep issues, pain relief, digestion, and much more.
All-natural hemp has proven to aid in many benefits for users, including improved sleep, reduced pain, reduced stress, and many others. We focus on education about the importance of the endocannabinoid system and how hemp products have the ability to aid the body with homeostasis: which is balance. When you want to learn about what our hemp products can do for you, we're glad to share our experience and provide expert advice on products that best suit your individual needs. You can rest assured all of our products are third-party tested and verified for quality, accuracy, and safety.
- Sublingual oil tinctures
- Pet Health
- Smokable hemp
- Spa and beauty products
- Transdermal pain creams
- CBD infused tea or water
- Vape cartridges . . . and more
You're sure to find a wide array of top-quality products in our shop from some of the most respected names in the industry, including Clean Remedies, cbdMD, Funky Farms, Charlotte's Web, Pachamama, Pharm CBD, R&R Medicinals, Tonic, CBDfx, and more.
"Just wanted you to see the message that my sister just sent me about my mom. 😊 Ya’ll are the BEST discovery I ever made. I am soooooo happy!!
“Momma just called to tell me that she had the BEST appointment EVER!!! The doctor was AMAZED at how well she is doing. She told him she has been taking the CBD oil that her daughter recommended to her!! He said keep on taking it cause you have IMPROVED so much!!!"
"I wanted to let you know I've been telling a lot of my friends about your store and all your helpful products .My friend Shelly couldn't thank me enough for telling her about your store And my friend Jill meet me there last Saturday and bought some stuff.So I wanted to let you know I'm getting the word out about how much we ( the hubby and I ) love your products 😁"

Write My Paper for Me at AccessEssay is the best essay writing service worldwide. We deliver the best quality writing service to help with multiple benefits that will leave you yearning for more. The need for students to read and research numerous books becomes obsolete with us, as we grant you an enormous time to spend with their friends and relatives. We provide top-notch service in professional researching and writing quality papers and dissertations to students who need help at all academic levels, starting from high school to Ph.D. AccessEssay has the top writers in the world, working 24-hours a day and 7-days a week. So, we help you with all your academic essays for the lowest prices you can ever get in this industry.
1. High Quality for Grade A
2. Timely Delivery
3. Zero Plagiarism
4. Privacy and Security
5. Free Amendments
Write My Paper for Me – the Service to Choose
If your brain is stressed with several assignments in short deadlines, we are here to relieve you of the stress. We deliver service that gets you out of ‘not sure what to do’ situation. Our writers are highly trained for the job and guarantee you the best grades. Also, they all have undergone a strict recruitment process and tests before hiring. They are available to attend to your paper 24/7. Through this you will always meet all the deadlines set by your professors. Write My Paper for Me at AccessEssay has keen and committed writers who follow all the instructions as you provided. And include all the details that you require to give you just the paper to put a smile on your face, as well as your professors.
We are a popular paper writing service that delivers top-quality papers. Our team of writers makes this possible because they are self-motivated and understand what a perfect paper that will fetch you an outstanding grade should look like. Plagiarism is never present in our company. Some knowledgeable authors proofread your paper while checking for any mistake before sending it to you. Furthermore, special plagiarism checker tools are vast in our company to ensure the same.
You as well need not to worry about the discipline you take, or how long and complex your thesis is required to be. Our writers have the capability of handling way more than you would ever imagine. Plus, they are experienced in all the disciplines available in your learning institution. All your personal information is excellently safe with us, we value the confidentiality of clients, therefore, not even a single of your information can be disclosed by writing my paper for me.
Moreover, all our clients find other extensive benefits with us, availed by the following unique characteristics of our services:
There is responsive and attentive customer support. Our clients can freely contact their writers or support via phones, or chat with them at any time.
- We have user-friendly policies.
- We offer constant discounts plus more interesting offers.
- All our clients are guaranteed free revisions, which may be limited if you have any additional instructions or samples to follow.
Essay Writer: Write my Essay
Since, we are ware of the different economic statuses of different students, write my paper for me at AccessEssay has got you covered. So, we charge reasonable minimum prices for your papers. But, depending on the length and the duration between the time of order and the deadline. Moreover, we offer money-back guarantee for all our clients. We consider customer satisfaction as the greatest feature and all the efforts aligned towards this direction. Surely all the clients we have served got excellent grades and consequently, positive reviews have been posted over the days of our customer service.
AccessEssay also specializes in all academic work. Our writers can complete for you a full research paper or proposal, essays. As well as any other kind of assignment given by your instructor. Not forgetting we can work on all subjects and disciplines.
Writing Your Paper Made Easier
Placing your order at AccessEssay is as simple as pressing a button. All you need to do is fill a highly thought-through order from our page. Indicating your instructions for the paper.
The following is a step-by-step ordering structure:
- Select the required academic level, discipline, and language
- Set the number of pages required
- Upload a reference sample if you have any
- Choose the formatting and referencing style
- Point out the necessary number of sources
- Decide on the title, or you can let our writer choose a new one for you
- Specify the deadline
- Upload any additional related material
The guidelines and instructions ease the work of our team at AccessEssay. When you as “Write My Paper”, we must write it according to the standards required by your professor. Also, with our timeliness, you have plenty of time to make some of the most cherished memories of your life.
Write My Paper for Me at AccessEssay is the Best
The customer support team at AccessEssay assists with any inquiries from the clients. Besides offering valuable advice to them every time they seek it. Therefore, students should not face any difficulty trying to picture how the final paper should look like. Experts at AccessEssay proofread all the papers and make corrections, if any, before sending them back to the clients. This ensures the perfection of the papers, coupled with top quality, as well as maximum customer satisfaction.
We bring to your comfort zone just the assistance you need with your papers by providing services of the highest quality and ensuring maximum reliability to our clients daily. We take pride in our work as we get more thankful and returning clients every year. Buy your paper from AccessEssay, to enjoy top quality, confidentiality, and convenience. Your satisfaction and the best grade, guaranteed here. So, if you are looking for help with your papers, look no further; visit AccessEssay and clear the stress off your head.

Allow humans to grab grangers. They should be unable to use weapons or sprint while carrying grangers. If you reach a telenode and press Q with a granger in hand, you are presented with 2 options:
1. Donate to CERN - 1/3 momentum, increase maximum momentum by 1/5.
2. Sell to Chinese restaurant - 1000 credits for everyone on team (ignores the 2000 credit limit).
Discuss whatever you'd like!
3 posts • Page 1 of 1
Who is online
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 3 guests

Stun the crowds with Rei, with a translucent acetate front and ultra-modern stainless steel temples. These round style blue light blocking glasses and adjustable nose pads make the chic design a universal fit.
Lens Technology: Blue light filtering, anti-glare, UV 400, and almost clear lens protects your eyes during extended digital screen time. By blocking the most harmful part of the blue light spectrum and allowing partial transmission of "good" blue light, Umizato glasses provide better sleep with regulated circadian rhythm and melatonin production.
I've tried many blue light glasses and these are by far the best. This is my second pair from Umizato. I highly reccomend them for anyone who has to work from a computer all day or even for watching TV.

Max Mitchell - June 2019 Member of the Month
Our June Member of the Month is Max Mitchell! Max hasn't even been with us for a year, but has already rooted himself in our community and made such incredible progress! He recently took 2nd place in the Rookie Rumble competition and is hoping to participate in more when he can! He's always here ready to get at it - we're proud to have him!
Click the picture to go to the video - and then make sure to watch the 2nd video!

Nick Sullivan1 writes:
You can compute how much energy is needed to break a cryptographic algorithm and compare that with how much water that energy could boil. This is a kind of a cryptographic carbon footprint. By this measure, breaking a 228-bit RSA key requires less energy than it takes to boil a teaspoon of water. Comparatively, breaking a 228-bit elliptic curve key requires enough energy to boil all the water on earth. For this level of security with RSA, you’d need a key with 2,380 bits.
ED25519 uses a 256-bit elliptic curve key.
Release notes for OpenSSH 8.3 announce that ssh-rsa is disabled by default in future releases. It is a good time to adopt ed25519 for public key authentication.

On April 5, 2009, Michael Hickenbottom and Mark Calaway produced a match that a generation of wrestling fans look to as the capstone of their fandom.
It’s only fair to start this post by stating that this match is probably not going to happen….but what if? An image made its voyage around the internet last week hyping a fantasy match up at next year’s Royal Rumble pitting WWE World… Read More ›
Another Summer Slam is in the books and overall, I thought it was a good show. One of the matches featured Ryback defeating The Miz and Big Show to retain the Intercontinental title. However, it was a far cry from… Read More ›
I crawled into bed late last night to watch TV. Channel after channel, nothing tickled my fancy until I said “Hey, you have the WWE Network.” I logged onto my iPhone and fell asleep watching WrestleMania Rewind chronicling the iconic confrontation between Hulk Hogan… Read More ›
The unsung hero of the Royal Rumble event is the golden spinning tumbler that holds the numbers drawn at random to determine the order of entry into the Royal Rumble match. The luck of the draw is so important because… Read More ›
The WWE Intercontinental championship is one the most revered and perhaps the most respected title belt among professional wrestling fans. For the longest time it was this championship that produced the most anticipated and exciting matches. More times than… Read More ›

During the current period of market pressure, I’m watching the markets closely and am committed to helping you navigate the cycles of volatility.
I believe it is important to stay focused on your financial goals and to make sound decisions based on current information, your long-term asset allocation and your risk tolerance. If you have concerns or questions about your portfolio or goals, let’s talk. Together we can determine what, if any actions, you can take. I’m available to connect with you as is most convenient during this time, including by phone or online.
For ongoing information and updates, see the Market Volatility resources page on my Insights tab.

BDO: Loyalty Points
Loyalty points are free just for playing and I’m not complaining but there are some items better than others to spend those loyalty points on:
Below is what I have spent my points on previously:
Character Slot Expansion Coupon. (Having a lot of characters in this game is a bonus)
Weight Limit 50LT (I buy this when I’m starting a new character. They have very low weight limit in the beginning and this helps with all the loot)
Blessing of Kamasylve 1 Day (If it’s a day I know I will be fighting mobs a lot, I get one of these because it increases the loot drop)
Sealed Book of Combat 1day (Again, if I’m fighting mobs, I get this to boost up my combat experience. It’s especially helpful in higher levels)
What I never get or use:
Golden bell (It’s a lot of loyalty points just for 1 hour of combat experience. It also for everybody on the server but I don’t care about those other people)
Inventory +1 Expansion Coupon (It’s another one that requires a shit ton of points for very little. If you want inventory slots, just do a few of the Black Spirit beginning quests)
City Storage Slots + 1 (Not even sure why this is in there. You can add storage slots just by using contribution points on city buildings)
Atlanis Firefly (You can get these really cheap at any goods vendor)
These items you are get on marketplace cheap:
The other items don’t personally interest me so you will have to decide if it’s worth it to you or not.
Black Desert does put loyalty items on sale and have limited things from time to time. It’s always worth checking out.

now to receive all the new
Robert Ferent creates,
13 back-catalog releases,
delivered instantly to you via the Bandcamp app for iOS and Android.
You’ll also get access to
exclusives like this album.
An incomplete audience bootleg. Some tracks are missing completely, and some are just missing parts (these have been noted with the appendage "Fragment"). Because of the nature of the recording methods, there are obvious imperfections, etc.
To my knowledge, these are the only recordings available from the performance. If anyone has any recordings from this performance, please let me know.
released December 8, 2012
Robert Ferent: Synth, Laptop, Guitar
Gary Alex: Guitar

GP Monopole with 256 Radials
HamSphere 4.0 series of Vertical Monopole antennas are essentially 1/4 wl vertical antennas with groundplane radials. This is a classic antenna very commonly used by ham radio operators all around the world. The Vertical Monopoles are omni-directional antennas and are best suited to produces fairly low angle radiation pattern irrespective of its height above ground. The groundplane (counterpoise) system is critical in achieving optimal performance. Normally, the artificial groundplane consists of evenly spaced copper wire radials placed around the base of the 1/4 vertical radiating element. The resonant length and RF conductivity of the groundplane radial system is vital for good performance since it provides for a low loss return path to the antenna E-field.
HamSphere has optimized this series of antennas with the use of 256 copper wire radials mimicking the theoretical low loss groundplane. As the result of which the low take-off angle performance of our Vertical Monopole antennas have been optimized. This is a general purpose antenna for normal omni-directional use on HS4.

Leroy glanced down at his watch for what felt like the hundredth time. They were late. Very late. And he was out on a limb here, risking his ass for Mr. Tony Boss-man. As if the Boss-man ever did a day’s work in his life, sitting there on his throne of black leather on wheels, computer screen hiding half his face, playing at being all modern. Sure, he was modern. If modern was looking at dirty videos all day.
Patting his pockets, Leroy searched for his lighter. Realizing it was already in his hand, he drew his pack of Marlboro cigarettes from his jeans, shook one out, and lit it. He glanced at his watch again, breathing in the smoke as if it was much needed oxygen. They were so late, he thought again. He could feel the prickles on the nape of his neck; he was sweating so badly that his hair seemed to be leaking. There was no reason for them to be late. Not unless… But he wouldn’t go there. Not yet, not consciously.
Glancing at his watch yet again, he realized that this was the first time in a long damn while that he’d been up in the small hours of the night. He remembered the last time vividly now, as if it had been yesterday instead of eight years ago. He could almost smell the smoke from the barrel of the gun – but no, that’s the cig, he reminded himself – and could almost see the hole in that man’s chest. That was a long time ago now, and Leroy tried to forget it more often than not. Only right now, with them being late and all, it was getting hard to separate his quickened heartbeats from that other night when he’d felt them so strongly too.
He realized he was muttering under his breath and shut up quickly. It was a habit he’d picked up at the pen. Some banker who’d offed his business partner had told him that muttering made people stay away from you. Leroy’d started doing it one evening when one of the thugs seemed willing to come beat on him for some sport, and he’d found that the thug turned away pretty quick when Leroy didn’t respond to his taunting but just kept on muttering. The thug had made his dumb friends laugh by making fun of the crazy dude talking to himself, and that had been it. The habit of muttering had stuck. The Boss-man told him to cut it out, that it was freak-show quality stuff that would scare away his clients. Didn’t need the muttering, though, to scare them away. Since they were so late that Leroy just assumed that they weren’t coming.
Just as he took his last puff and was flicking the butt into the road, he caught sight of headlights coming towards him. That moment seemed to stretch into forever. Leroy saw the headlights, saw the flare of his cigarette hitting the ground, saw the man’s chest torn open eight years ago, saw the bars of his solitary confinement when he’d raged at first, saw the eight wasted years. He saw it all in that one instant, and instinctively turned and jumped over the railing of the highway into the adjacent field. He ran through it, the dew making the ground slippery and the plants moist. He slipped, fell, hands covered with mud where he caught himself in the wet earth. He stayed down, heart beating, and listened.
He heard the idling car. He heard voices, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying. The blood was pumping so loudly in his ears that he felt that they must have turned into beacons of sound, broadcasting to all the crooks he’d ever known, telling them all that Leroy’d turned soft. That jail had reformed him. That Leroy wanted to clean up his act and never think of how another deal gone bad could turn into a gaping hole in a man’s chest.
He stayed down for a long time, long after the car had gone with the dealers in it. He lay in the damp earth until the sun rose, until the plants and ground around him seemed to start steaming. When the sun warmed the back of his still sweating neck, the warmth gave him goosebumps and shivered. The involuntary movement jarred him, and he finally managed to make his stiff limbs listen to his brain. He sat up, and stared around him. The field he was in looked nice, tended, except for the long path he’d made from the highway where all the plants were trampled, bent and broken. Like him, like Leroy the ex-crook, the ex-brave, the ex-badass.
There was a house a few hundreds yards away, at the end of the field. Leroy got to his feet, shaking, and took a good long look at it. He’d go there, ask about making amends for the ruined crops. Ask if he could work to pay for some food. Maybe if he’d prove he was strong and just as able as any man to work a long day in the sun, they’d let him stay for a while. Rent a room for his labor. That is, if there was anyone in there. With his luck, it’d be some old bag who hired illegals to work her fields, or some senile man with fifteen sons who did everything that needed to be done. But then again, maybe it’d be a husband and wife and a little boy who needed some extra hands to help get the harvest in proper. Leroy started towards the house, thinking that soon enough he’d find out.

Bosch GDR 18V-200C Impact Drill 200Nm 3,400rpm 126mm EC Brushless Bare Tool Only
Bosch GDR 18V-200 C Impact Drill 200Nm 3,400rpm 126mm EC Brushless Body Only / Bulky package. Battery / Charger Not included. Professional performance: Sufficient performance and runtime for the main applications due to 200 Nm hard torque. Professional quality: Reliable, durable drill driver for daily usage thanks to full metal gear and electronic cell protection (ECP). 0 1,100 / 2,300 / 3,400 rpm.
0 2,300 / 3,400 / 4,000 rpm. NJ/CA in USA, Germany, U. K, Australia, Japan and China. You can return simply if required.
(1)Addressee unknown, (2)Unclaimed, (3)Absence of addressee. The item "Bosch GDR 18V-200C Impact Drill 200Nm 3,400rpm 126mm EC Brushless Bare Tool Only" is in sale since Monday, December 17, 2018. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Tools & Workshop Equipment\Power Tools\Cordless Drills". The seller is "union-tec" and is located in Seoul. This item can be shipped worldwide.
- Model: GDR 18V-200C
- Country/Region of Manufacture: Malaysia
- Battery Included: No (Body Only)
- Power Source: Battery/Cordless
- Type: Drill/Driver
- MPN: GDR 18V-200C
- Battery Type: Li-Ion
- Corded/Cordless: Cordless
- Weight: 1.10Kg / 2.3lb
- Number of Batteries: 0
- Battery Technology: Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion)
- Motor Type: Brushless
- Brand: Bosch
- Maximum Torque: 200 Nm
- Voltage: 18 V

Join Brodie Moss on a perfect day out exploring the remote islands in his boat with his dog Stryda! You won't believe how he got dinner and lunch, living from the ocean.
Get YBS products at
Please support our friends at Genesis Craft for making our dreams come true!
All copy right free tunes by

At risk of luring more physical fitness geeks into waters I’d rather not share, there’s a secret benefit to fly fishing, beyond the mental benefits spelled out last week.
Fly fishing could be the best all-around workout that’s actually fun.
This isn’t the Norman Rockwell vision of fishing, not sitting on a dock, waiting. It’s about walking and wading; constantly moving. Many different level of physical activity come into play with fly fishing.
From the dexterity required to thread line on tiny hooks to working the body’s core by (carefully) wading across uneven streambeds.* Even fly fishing maven Tom Rosenbauer points out on the Orvis Fly Fishing Learning Center that wading a small stream, “…climbing over rocks and wading in the current, [he] could burn as many calories in the same amount of time as [he] could on the elliptical.”
Rather than spend my time extoling the virtues of fly fishing as exercise, I’ll let the folks over at explain it with an infographic. (You can find the more comprehensive article here.)
Source: Fix.com Blog
*A reason why you should always use a wading staff.

Search campaigns made simple.
Creating a search advertising campaign is time consuming. Each hour spent adding keywords, testing ad copy and combing millions of search queries, takes away from planning and strategy — which is where your insights and experience are most useful.
Advanced campaign management tools take many of these tasks off your plate by automatically creating campaigns, building new campaign structures and dynamically selecting and adjusting ad copy. You can quickly change and add products, as well as make price changes to the existing structure. Simplified supply management — updating stock status, deleting missing items, pausing ads for out-of-stock products and reactivating ads when products are restocked — keeps your ads up to date.

Bulgaria is really nation in South-Eastern Europe, which occupies 22% for the Balkan Peninsula. The Bulgarian language belongs towards the Slavic set of languages. About 7 100 900 individuals reside in this nation. Many men that are foreign bulgarian girls really stunning. These ladies dream of well-being as they are maybe not afraid to go out of the sunny homeland. The unquenchable thirst for life is driven by bulgarian feminine in every thing: within the need to be gorgeous, delighted, build an improved job and produce a strong household. If this mindset to life is obvious for you, and you’re looking for love, then make sure to look closely at the bulgarian mail order brides.
The sweetness of Bulgarian
People mistakenly believe sexy bulgarian women can be dark-skinned and black-haired. Brunettes right here no more than half. Quite typical to see brown locks with blue eyes and normal blondes. These are generally slim, adorable and girl that is short expressive eyes, key nose and sexy complete lips.
In the roads you rarely see fat ladies. These girls love a lifestyle that is active choose plant and dairy food when you look at the diet. You must to go on dating with bulgarian women if you adore girls, which combine a thin waist and gorgeous big breasts. These beauties are your ideal, but the majority importantly – they become exceptional spouses. The style for physical fitness is gaining energy. Physical physical croatian mail order brides Fitness groups come in each part of the town, they truly are crowded visitors that are daily. However if a figure can make girls on their own, how about big boobs? If nature hasn’t endowed woman this kind of a worthiness, then she can make use of the solutions of cosmetic surgery. Continue reading

JLabs’ Luby Takes the Reins at TMC Innovation Institute in Houston
Houston—Tom Luby, the head of JLabs in Houston, has been named the new director of the Texas Medical Center’s Innovation Institute, the center announced Monday morning.
Luby takes over the innovation institute three months after former director Erik Halvorsen left the role.
Luby is already a known presence around the TMC innovation building thanks to the two years he has led JLabs @ TMC, the Houston outpost of Johnson & Johnson’s (NYSE: JNJ) network of innovation incubators. The pharmaceutical giant’s Houston incubator is embedded within TMC, but owned and managed by Johnson & Johnson. He came to Houston from Boston where he was senior director of new ventures.
For Luby, taking the reins at the innovation institute represents the next logical step for both him and TMC, he says. At JLabs, he says he was able to bring a corporate perspective and resources to Houston’s startup ecosystem. Now, at TMC, he says he can work to bring more big businesses to connect with the institute’s health IT and medical device startups.
“In order for Houston to continue to grow, we need other corporates to understand what’s going on here,” he says in an interview. “I’ll be here to engage with companies, to have them be sources of funding, to provide their experts. This increases the talent pool for Houston as well.”
For Bill McKeon, TMC’s CEO, Luby brings his corporate hat, but also experience in life sciences startups—a combination needed at this stage of the institute’s development, he says. “He has that great combination of understanding science and also the business development experience,” McKeon says in an interview.
Halvorsen told me he is “very excited” to see Luby make the move to TMC. “They could not have picked a better person to build on the great foundation at the TMC Innovation Institute,” he said in a text message.
Last month, Halvorsen became chief business and strategy officer at FAR Biotech, a Houston-based company seeking to use machine learning to speed up cancer drug development. FAR is located within the institute’s office space for young bio companies.
TMC established a startup accelerator called TMCx four years ago, the first in a series of initiatives to boost commercialization of biotech technologies and to attempt to make Houston the “Third Coast” of life sciences-related ecosystems, along with the larger hubs on the East and West coasts. The medical center has started a Biodesign fellowship in medical technologies with its member institutions, as well as a “BioBridge” program to work with researchers in medical centers in Australia and the United Kingdom. And last year, leaders launched a plan for the TMC Translational Research Campus, or TMC3, a $250 million center in the shape of a double helix that is expected to include restaurants, bars, retail, housing, and a conference center and hotel. The innovation institute governs all of these activities.
Lance Black, the institute’s medical device lead, had been acting as interim director after Halvorsen’s departure, and now Black will assume the new role of associate director. Black’s main responsibility will be to direct the TMCx accelerator, while Luby will take a more strategic role supporting all of TMC’s innovation-related activities.
“We know where to send you to help you become the entrepreneur you really want to be,” Luby says.

Hope Park Dental Practice
Hope Park Dental and Implant Practice is a family-friendly dental practice in the old-town of Scotland''s capital, Edinburgh.
Our patients are at the centre of everything we do. We take our time to get to know every single one of our patients, to...
Refresh, Revive, and Rejoice with Christian Movies from ChristianCinema.com
Meeting all your Christian movie and family entertainment needs in one place, ChristianCinema.com brings together the latest Christian movie news and Christian movie rev...
Build Quality One Way Permanent Backlinks
No matter what anyone tells you the key to achieving solid rank for your websites is 10% on-page optimization (content on your pages) and 90% off-page optimization... in other words, the key to top search engine rankings is garnering quality, one-way...
Who Is Raising YOUR Kids?
• We work from home with our computers and telephones. What can Our Team offer you?…
o We give you your own FREE website
o NO Inventory, Collections, Parties or Assembly
o Take advantage of the Home Business Tax Benefits
o Absolutely NO~R...
Weight lifting routines, muscle building workouts and weightlifting supplements. Learn how to build muscle.
Nutrition tips, weight gainers,fat loss, lifting accessories and bodybuilding equipment....
Fancy Flirting With Me
Find hot singles, housewives and couples on our free online dating and adult personals site Fancy Flirting With Me. Join for free for Online Adult Sex Dating Personals, Flirting Singles Looking For Sex, Fancy Flirting With Me?...
Bub City ...where cool people hang out and be Cool
Writers Wanted, and photographers, home crafts enthusiasts, bloggers, web designers, home entertainment system installers, politicians, musical geniuses, home makers, movie critics, silent types, taxi drivers, restaurant critics, restaurant owners, n...
The SearchMonster Network of Directories allows members to connect so they can help each other increase traffic to their sites. As a member, you would be able to communicate directly
to other members about: Request exchanging Facebook likes, Introduce Products, Request a Review, Visit a site, and much more.
There is power in numbers, and when you have the power of a community behind you, you have a tool you will find in no other directory. So join the SearchMonster community today!

Mazda Cx 3 2020 Review New Review
Mazda Cx 3 2020 Review New Review.
The Mazda CX-30 vehicle SUV is an all-new accession for 2020, shoehorned amid the employer’s CX-3 and CX-five fashions. It’s a bit roomier than the CX-3, and under sufficient however introduced affordable than the CX-five.
The CX-30 has difficult-to-withstand layout, central and out. Its aesthetic autogenous appears to accept taken a folio from a affluence logo’s playbook.
There are bristles seatbelts significant the baby CX-30, but because of crabbed amplitude constraints the rear bench must not be asked to authority added than people. With that proviso, the aback bench isn’t a bad home to be, that can’t be said approximately pleasant subcompacts. Leg allowance is fabricated desirable by way of quite a few approval underneath the advanced seats, and rear seatbacks receive congenital lumbar assist, article abroad not begin in nice subcompacts.
The energy-adjustable motive force’s bench raises and lowers in soaking up distances, so drivers alfresco boilerplate heights in either management ought to acquisition themselves accommodated appropriately inside the CX-30.
The 2020 Mazda CX-30’s infotainment association has an 8.8-inch display, recessed in the centermost dash. The Premium autogenous is plain here. (Manufacturer image)
At the lower back, a burden breadth with liftgate admission affords 20.2 cubic anxiety of amplitude if rear seats are in cocked function, and 45.2 cubic anxiety lower back folded.
The the front-wheel-force 2020 Mazda CX-30 is on the market in three trim stages: Base ($22,945), Select ($24,945), Preferred ($27,245), and Premium ($29,245). These fees accommodate a $1,half destination rate. Every archetypal is available with all-wheel pressure for an added $1,four hundred.
Note: All 2020 Mazda CX-30 cartage seem from anchorage afterwards Feb. Three, 2020, will be given a $1,one hundred destination fee.
True to Mazda form, the CX-30 has management traits devised for people who adore lively as endeavor, no longer aloof transportation. It familiar at home on Snohomish County’s ambagious backroads, but the CX-30 plays correctly on highways too, development calm and befitting the berth hushed.
All models get their capability from a assuming 2.Five-liter 4 butt agent bearing 186 software and 186 lb-feet of torque, partnered with a six-velocity automated transmission. The ammunition abridgement appraisement for front-power versions is 25 mpg town, 33 mpg motorway, and 28 mpg combined. With all-wheel force the numbers are 24/31/26 mpg.
Standard appearance on the Base archetypal accommodate LED headlights, rain-sensing windshield wipers, alarm cruise manage, bolt seats, alien keyless aflame access, eight-speaker audio system, and the Mazda Connect infotainment aggregate with an 8.8-inch display, HD radio, articulation command, Pandora radio integration, SMS argument bulletin audio dedication and reply, and USB ports. Driver abetment look accommodate lane abandonment admonishing and lane keeping.
The Mazda Connect system’s affectation is located unobtrusively inside the centermost sprint, really alveolate instead of the customary in-your-face fashion. And it doesn’t accept touchscreen operation. A ample punch in the centermost animate does pleasant of the ascendancy work. Back I aboriginal set backside critical the CX-30 and started out bribery with the system, it regarded nonintuitive and I usual to resent the car all week. But afterwards advertent a brace of analytical maneuvers, things fabricated college and the CX-30 adored itself.
Power for the 2020 Mazda CX-30 car SUV comes from a 186-horsepower four butt engine. (Manufacturer photograph)
2020 MAZDA CX-30 PREMIUM AWD
Base charge, inclusive of vacation spot charge: $30,645
Price as driven: $31,670
Mary Lowry is an absolute automobile biographer who lives in Snohomish County. She is a affiliate of the Motor Press Guild, and a associate and performed admiral of the Northwest Automotive Press Association. Cartage are furnished through the producers as a one-week accommodation for evaluation functions most effective. In no way do the manufacturers ascendancy the agreeable of the critiques.
The 2020 Mazda CX-30’s infotainment arrangement has an eight.Eight-inch show, recessed within the centermost dash. The Premium autogenous is plain right here. (Manufacturer photograph)

Squirkly shapes, vector-sharp
An icon set with its own character.
There are plenty of great interface icon sets available for download. Squircular brings joy to the icon game without being the next circular icon set around. While looking freshly organic, all shapes are crafted with squircles at their core to get a unified look & feel.
Squircular works perfectly as an icon set for web apps, desktop applications, web sites, and mobile iOS and Android apps.
Feel free to check out the preview of all icons at https://oliverpitsch.github.io/squircular/ before buying.
License AgreementBy purchasing the squircular icon set you agree to the Squircular License Agreement. You can read the full license at https://oliverpitsch.github.io/squircular/squircular-license.html
You've purchased this product
See it in your libraryView in Library
We charged your card and sent you a receipt
You'll need an account to access this in our app. Please create a password to continue.
Download from the App Store or text yourself a link to the app
Good news! Since you already have a Gumroad account, it's also been added to your library.

Purpose of this blog
The purpose of the is blog is to stimulate discussion into the interpretation of qm. I am sure that you have ideas, questions, comments about qm and reactions to what I say. I invite you to submit those in my blog and perhaps we can stimulate a lively discussion and even get to some answers as to what qm really means.
– Bryan Clifford Sanctuary
Bryan Clifford Sanctuary was born in Yorkshire, England and moved to Canada at an early age. He attended the University of British Columbia where he earned his B.Sc. in Chemistry. He obtained his Ph.D. in Theoretical Chemistry under the direction Professor Robert F. Snider. His post-doctoral work was with Professor Jan Beenakker in molecular physics at the Kamerlinh Onnes Laboratory in Leiden Holland.
His first faculty position was at the University of Wisconsin, Madison in the Theoretical Chemistry institute headed by Professor Joe Hirschfelder. He later moved back to Canada and joined the Chemistry Department of McGill University, where he is now a full professor.
During his tenure at McGill he was granted sabbaticals in various institutions:
University of York, UK (1980); Australian National University(1988); Heugen’s Laboratory, Leiden (1996), Holland; and the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (2003).
Professor Sanctuary was a pioneer in the early days of multimedia developing teaching aids for general chemistry. In 1995 he formed his company MCH Multimedia.
In order to use computer technology to bring science to High School, College and University students. In 2001, Professor Sanctuary was signed as a co-author for the fourth hard copy edition of Physical Chemistry published by Houghton Mifflin.
Subsequently, MCH developed the multimedia that accompanied the text. It won a number of awards including the prestigious Eddie Award in 2003.
Professor Sanctuary’s field is quantum statistical mechanics, spin theory (NMR) and the foundations of quantum theory. He has over 120 publications, this text book, and 5 other eBooks: Introductory Chemistry (high school); General Chemistry (AP and college level); Organic Chemistry (college level); General Physics, Non-calculus)( High school); General Physics, Calculus (AP and college).

We deliver a call to arms for probabilistic numerical methods: algorithms for numerical tasks, including linear algebra, integration, optimization and solving differential equations, that return uncertainties in their calculations. Such uncertainties, arising from the loss of precision induced by numerical calculation with limited time or hardware, are important for much contemporary science and industry. Within applications such as climate science and astrophysics, the need to make decisions on the basis of computations with large and complex data have led to a renewed focus on the management of numerical uncertainty. We describe how several seminal classic numerical methods can be interpreted naturally as probabilistic inference. We then show that the probabilistic view suggests new algorithms that can flexibly be adapted to suit application specifics, while delivering improved empirical performance. We provide concrete illustrations of the benefits of probabilistic numeric algorithms on real scientific problems from astrometry and astronomical imaging, while highlighting open problems with these new algorithms. Finally, we describe how probabilistic numerical methods provide a coherent framework for identifying the uncertainty in calculations performed with a combination of numerical algorithms (e.g. both numerical optimizers and differential equation solvers), potentially allowing the diagnosis (and control) of error sources in computations.

Told you yesterday we had another turtle….. A big girl…. I’m guessing 225 – 250 lbs. Beautiful~! The best part of it is that Rachael got to see her~! I don’t think she laid any eggs, as shortly after she started digging, she abruptly left. We did walk out for pictures as she headed for the water. That big girl was movin’~! Don’t guess I realized they could move that fast on land – but she was getting it. I tried to get some pictures of her, but they came out really blurry. My Queen went to bed shortly afterward and Rachael and I sat up until around Midnight talking. We finally wrapped it up and each headed for bed. I was up again promptly at 06:15…… everybody else was sleeping so I got to enjoy a quiet morning to myself. I wandered out onto the patio to see yet another set of tracks~!! (# 25) Good news is that it looks like this nest was completed. Bad/Sad news, is she apparently nested on top of another nest and uprooted a bunch of eggs. At this point – it’s almost impossible for a turtle to dig out there now without getting into another nest because we have had so many turtles in this one small area. Sad, but not really a lot that can be done about it.
Angie and Rachael finally rolled out and started waking up. It was eventually decided that we would go into town today to the boardwalk, get a bite to eat and do the touristy thing. We stopped at one of our favorite eateries there on the boardwalk (Toast Diner) for an absolutely delicious breakfast. Rachael was shopping for some shirts and stuff. We hit most of the shops and then headed to the jewelry store for a bracelet. Rae picked out one she liked and my Queen picked out one she liked……. then I told her to pick out another (which she did) and then I told her that was her Birthday present…….(birthday is Monday and since I don’t get to get out by myself much [at least with family in town]…. it was going to be hard to ‘sneak it in) We finished up our shopping and came back to the condo for a little bit of conditioned air. We discussed heading out to a beach for a little bit….. but with what looked to be approaching weather, we opted to stay put. As it turns out… that was a pretty good call as clouds clabbered up and rain came in. The wind is howling now, it is raining like a cow pi$$ing on a flat rock, and we have some lightening and a little bit of thunder. I think Tropical Storm Kirk is passing by and they are calling for some more weather the next day or so as he goes by. I don’t think we’re supposed getting anything harsh from this one. If we do — I’ll be sure and get pictures~~! 😉
Good night Ya’ll …… Thankx for stopping in~!
You can see shell fragments scattered here…..
Here was one egg intact, but after sitting out all night – it was not savable…
What restaurant uses to chase away local chickens 😉
Hungry Tarpon looking for a hand out

Then, I pulled down the database tab, and miraculously – the databases in my mac server appeared! You can also re-run the query by right-clicking on your results and selecting Refresh Data: There are two ways to install an extension: If there is no error in our query, we should see the records that will be imported into the spreadsheet:. My problem was I couldn’t connect my PC to my new online server using ODBC server was a mac mini running mavericks, trying to connect from a windows machine in my office via mysql odic connector. We’ll assume you’re ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. After we have drawn the links between the tables, the next step is to specify the fields from each table that we want to appear in our results.
|Date Added:||1 August 2016|
|File Size:||62.51 Mb|
|Operating Systems:||Windows NT/2000/XP/2003/2003/7/8/10 MacOS 10/X|
|Price:||Free* [*Free Regsitration Required]|
Now go to Terminal and use the following command to navigate ovbc the folder we copied. For our report, we will select the following tables one at a time and press the “Add Table” for each one: This kind of is just a tremendously nicely structured post, just the tips I was hunting to find.
Open up the script you downloaded and enter each line individually into Terminal rather than running the script. Mark the entry and configure it. There are two ways to install an extension: We add a field to our results by odb the field name within the table:.
After you enter your database’s user ID and password if neededyou will see the main window for Microsoft Query.
Anyone able to get odbc working with mamp on mavericks? : PHP
Download the script from GitHubthen unzip it and move it into your home folder.
the bind address was just commented out. 9-5-14
Restart the MAMP servers and away you go! And now we tell pear and pecl where our php.
Connecting to your sales database Let’s suppose you want to see how many products you orbc selling, according to category and country. Sign up using Facebook. Also just download and click through the installer.
I kept scrolling through the file. Copy the folder we unzipped into here and rename it php.
Connecting to MySQL for MAMP Installations
I took that and turned it into a shell script that you can run with terminal. Just commented out the next line. I also made the next change, and then saved the. Open it in Finder and then create a new folder inside called include. I love to travel around the world, good food and building fancy stuff with web- technologies.
I had to do this on one of my machines to get things working.
Then, I pulled down the database tab, and miraculously – the databases in my mac osbc appeared! Sign up using Email and Password. My name is Sebastian. We need to link the tables together by drawing a line between the related tables this is known as a “join”. Please contact us if you have any problems using the tables in your database.

Come on over!
image credit: midnight poutine
I just couldn’t resist these lovely felt and vintage fabric love letters when I saw them. From Emma Loves Retro and just in time for Valentines Day…
Emma hand-picks all of her fabrics for her letters and cushions and they are made into small, limited edition batches. A little bit of nostalgia and history just for you.
This is my personal favourite of all the cushions on her website, but you should click on over and have a look for yourself.
And I particularly like her fabric canvases. Mid-century fans can swoon now!
Inspired by yesterday’s thoughts of Marrakech… and not so distant holidays to far-flung places… and sunny days… and nights beneath the stars… and a blue… deep enough to dive into…
Are you sure you don’t want to come?
Anyone who knows me, knows I love to travel…
Anyone who knows me, knows I love travel, adventure and shopping…
And I’m so excited…because in May I am going to indulge in all three!
This is not my first visit to this fascinating city. I was there in 2007, but back then I was embarking on a two-week trek of the High Atlas Mountains, culminating in an ascent (and descent of course) of Mount Toubkal. It was seriously hardcore.
Marrakech was like a fantastic reward at the end. A couple of days of sheer visual stimulation, fantastic food and shopping like you can never imagine. I promised myself there and then, a return trip.
Oh, and if that is not enough. I am going to be joined by the lovely Arianna of Arianna Interiors. We are going to have such fun!
And if anyone fancies coming along, you can find all of the details here.
All pictures by Dear Designer of Majorelle Gardens, Marrakech.
Charmingly understated with lovely bones, another gorgeous location from Shootfactory.
It would be a sin to cover those windows with anything and those wide floorboards were never meant to be seen, but who cares they are just beautiful.
And those bookcases! How perfectly do they fit that space?
Such admirable restraint to leave the paintwork in all it’s rubbed-down glory.
And it’s so obviously a ‘cooks’ kitchen but I’m not sure I could leave those worktops alone.
Or the bathroom window without some curtains.
Or the bedroom without a blind.
I’d have to make a few teeny tiny changes…
How about you?
This weeks Sunday afternoon surf brings you my five favourite things from Dotmaison.
So colourful. Just what is needed to bring some much-needed sunshine in.
So retro. Gorgeous walnut to make the family snaps even more beautiful.
I think my son would like this Diesel cushion. Or maybe I would keep it.
Missoni towels. Just the job for adding colour to a neutral bathroom. And mine are getting quite old now.
Aren’t these beautiful. I think I would need a complete garden re-design to do these justice.
So many shops…so little cash…
Just a few of my favourite images this week from, well, the latest fabulous issue of Rue Magazine. Where else?
Johnny Egg describes his style as ‘Theatrical Minimalism’. He believes that furniture should be functional, well designed and practical and that nothing should be overlooked or neglected. Hence his signature flocked drawer linings.
He learned his skills working as an apprentice for a traditional cabinetmaker but now creates his own designs in his workshop in rural Essex. I met him at 100% Design last year and he is as lovely as his furniture.
His Black & Twisted unit was nominated by RIBA as one of the ‘Best Products of 2006’
Every piece that comes out of his Essex Studio is dated, numbered and signed.
I love that he uses pink. So decadent.
This striking limited edition bar will be made in 10 exciting colours, but only ONE of each. Each piece will have its own distinct bar code.
Even chandeliers and mirrors cannot escape the flocking. How striking would this pair be in an entrance hall?
But my favourite of all, this swarkovski crystal handbag hook!
I don’t normally feature office design on this blog, but today I’m going to make an exception.
I was flicking through Interior Design Today and there was a spread dedicated to the new head office of Agent Provocateur. Granted the space also includes their new showroom, but this is like no work environment I have had the pleasure of working in!
The chosen designers – Studiofibre – were given virtually no design restrictions. A dream brief, ‘Be as daring and colourful as you wish’.
The result is as original and sexy as the lingerie brand itself.
The crocodile print flooring is by Forbo.
Fiona Livingston from Sudiofibre is quoted as saying ‘We were faced with the challenge of transforming quite a life-less building into something that oozes character and encapsulates the theatrical glam of the Agent Provocateur brand’ Well, they have certainly managed that.
And who needs art when you have larger than life posters of the company’s products?
When can I start?
All images from the website of Studiofibre

Prominent radio personality Maina Kageni is not pleased with the late John DeMathew’s first wife, Sarafina Wairimu after she publicly declared that she loves her co-wife Caroline Nyambura.
‘I am not alone, I have a friend Caroline the second wife. She knows by the time she came to our home nlikua nishamtengenezea bwana [I had already propped up my husband]. People have been saying things to make us Fight but we are strong.’
Maina says that Sarafina only said that to look good before the people as President Uhuru Kenyatta was in attendance.
She said that because the president was there. As first wives, you should know that when you welcome the second wife it is your children’s future you are interfering with.
I was with a few ladies watching the funeral together and they thought that the first woman made the biggest mistake of her life. As the other woman stay huku mbali kwa kichaka and don’t let yourself be known. I wasn’t convinced there seemed to be a lot of Pr.
Mwalimu King’ang’i who is Maina’s co-host was however of the contrary opinion.
According to him, it is about time women embraced the other women in their husband’s lives.
‘Stop being selfish, these things should never be that complicated it high time we came together and bring together all kids wako huko nje.’

An Iconic Lubbock Location Has Been Reduced to Rubble
There are certain things you just get used to driving past in the Hub City.
I don't know how many long-time Lubbockites threw a munch at the Pizza Hut that was on 50th Street (over by Taco Villa and not too far from China Star). My guess is most everybody had a pizza party there when they were a kid or maybe a night out there when restaurants were a little more scares in the Hub.
The location quit being a Pizza Hut a long time ago, but maintained that familiar building structure that made you say, "Hey, that building used to be a Pizza Hut."
The building spent the last of its years as Estrella's Mexican Restaurant. Although that place never seemed to have a large crowd, it was still surprising to see the whole thing torn down, seemingly in one day.
I have no idea what will go up in that spot, but long-time Lubbockites will always say, "there used to be a Pizza Hut there."

Joemat-Pettersson 'snubs' Parly
Fisheries Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson has been accused of snubbing her ministry's portfolio committee.
CAPE TOWN - Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Tina Joemat-Pettersson was on Tuesday accused of snubbing a meeting in Parliament.
The minister on Tuesday failed to arrive for a briefing on the state of her department.
A furious Congress of the People (COPE) MP told the committee he would not accept her apology, after he learnt she would not be attending the briefing.
Nqaba Bhanga says Joemat-Pettersson thinks she is better than the committee.
Democratic Alliance (DA) MP Peter van Dalen slammed the minister, saying she did not seem to care.
Another parliamentarian said her absence was unacceptable, especially when considering the disorder the fisheries branch is in.
Joemat-Pettersson's ANC colleagues also expressed anger, but were quick to add it was crucial for proceedings to continue.
It said the committee needed to do its work with or without the minister present.

This is a super healthy breakfast recipe you can try on the weekend! If you like coriander and Indian spices you will be in for a treat! This recipe has all the great superfood ingredients to give you body proper health boost!
How to cook this healthy breakfast:
- On a small pan (or medium if you’re cooking for 2 people) heat up a good spoonful of olive oil. Once hot, stir in chopped ginger just quickly and 20 secs or so later add the Turmeric and give it a quick stir (only a few secs, don’t burn it!).
- Then add Broccoli and mushrooms (cut into small pieces), add a pinch of salt and grind some fresh black pepper and give it another quick stir to mix all the flavors. Pour a little bit of water (just enough to cover the bottom of the pan, reduce heat to low, cover the pan with a lid and let it steam for a minute.
- Finally, crack in 2 -3 full eggs over the veggies (egg yolks are good for you), place small bunch of Coriander (the whole thing) and cover again with the lid and steam for further 2 mins till the eggs are cooked and veggies are just cooked but still with a good bite (in other words, don’t overcook the veggies, this will reduce the good nutrients).
- Olive oil
- Black Pepper
Serve with a slice of rye bread and Philadelphia cheese.
Have a sweet tooth?
Why not try this High Fibre High Protein Low Carb Pancake recipe?
Share this post
Click to share

Successor of the 488 GTB, the F8 Tributo will make its official debut at the Geneva Auto Show next week, and it boasts the most powerful production V8 in Ferrari’s history. Its twin-turbocharged 3.9L V8 generates 710 hp and 568 lb-ft of torque, enabling it to hit 62 MPH in a mere 2.9 seconds, while topping out at 211 MPH. Inside, the vehicle features a new HMI (Human Machine Interface), complete with multi-function steering wheel and a 7-inch touchscreen display. Read more for additional pictures and information.
“Ferrari says the F8 Tributo ‘is essentially a bridge to a new design language,’ indirectly acknowledging that it’s not an all-new design. Just like the 488 Pista, the new car features an S-Duct at the front. Redesigned to suit the F8 Tributo, the Formula 1-inspired S-Duct alone increases downforce by 15 percent compared to the 488 GTB,” according to Car Scoops.

ETHNIC HUB, Top Trends, Wedding
Do you still look at your old wedding photographs and find yourself reminiscing about the glorious night when all...
ETHNIC HUB, Top Trends, Wedding
The wedding bells are ringing, and people are getting ready with their pens and papers, making their shopping lists for a dreamy wedding. But the ultimate title for the most important attire goes to the traditional red bridal lehenga for the bride.
Adorned with beads, laces, and patches, red colour lehengas for brides have always been the centre of attraction in weddings and a great talking point for the ladies.
So, if this wedding season you are looking for something that makes you feel like a queen on your special day, then a royal red bridal lehenga is perfect for your look and the ladies to gossip about.
Red colour lehengas have always been the number one choice for millions of Indian brides as it is considered auspicious in the Hindu culture. But why?
There are many reasons that make red such an important colour for a bride. First, it is said to be the colour of new beginnings, passion, and prosperity. It is also associated with Goddess Durga, the Indian goddess who symbolises feminine power and strength. Another reason is related to astrology. Mars, the red giant, is the planet that governs marriage in a person’s life. That’s why women wear red lehengas on their wedding day as it represents prosperity and fertility.
Now that you know why red is the colour for a wedding day, let’s move forward and talk about the most stunning bridal look in a red lehenga.
What makes a red lehenga popular among all these women is its evergreen allure and grace.
Here, we are looking at red lehengas for marriage that will make your heart swoon and make you go for a red bridal look.
The most common style for brides is an all-red look. For this look, you can take inspiration from all the stunning brides of our country, all adorned in red on their respective days. Isn’t a full red lehenga adorned with flowers, french knots, and sequins the best attire to get married in? You can complete this look by adding gold jewellery, a heavy maharani necklace, kalire, and maang tika. This will surely give you a royal look!
Another way to style this look is by adding pearls and emeralds to your jewellery. The emerald not only goes well with red but also symbolises fidelity, true love, and renewal. Need we say more?
Nothing speaks royal better than the colour gold and, yes, the gold itself. Traditional red Marwari lehengas with golden borders can easily get anyone’s attention. The red lehenga bridal look is sure to make all brides feel like absolute princesses! Borders with mantras woven in golden thread on red can be a perfect blend of style and Indian culture.
Imagine a lovely red lehenga with golden borders, embroidery, and golden lotuses sewn on it. You can add chudaa sets, full head maang tika, and big earrings to complete the look.
Red and gold are some of the most famous combinations among brides. There are so many designs with different fabrics and styles available in red bridal lehenga online.
Mostly popular among Bengali communities, the combination of red and white has become the number choice of other brides too. The Sabyasachi lehengas work great for inspiration in these patterns.
White lehengas with floral patterns are a good choice for weddings in the summer season as it looks lightweight and charming. With a white lehenga, you may pair a heavy dupatta and heavy jewellery.
If you want to express your glamorous side on your special day, then shimmer work can be a real deal for you. In shimmer, you get mirror work, sequins, and metallic work. With red marriage lehenga, you can pair choli and blouses with mirror work.
You can also match a simple red lehenga with a sequin dupatta and blouse.
Anarkali Silhouette is gaining popularity very fast among young brides. Red colour lehengas for weddings with asymmetric hems, tea length, and sheer covering are becoming a number choice for millennials.
With an Anarkali silhouette, you can add more flare by Canaan and an umbrella cut.
The list of things that makes a wedding exciting is incomplete without mentioning trends. With every new wedding season, come new trends. From red lehenga choli for weddings with minimal makeup to twinning the outfits, all these trends keep people swooning over the bridal looks.
Below are some new trends that will dominate the wedding season this year.
Botanical motifs have become popular in prints and patchwork. This season, birds are trending. You can find many heavy red bridal lehenga with peacocks, swans and sparrows embroidery.
Heavy red bridal lehenga with floral and bird motifs are inspired by the Mughal era; they represent the famous Mughal gardens that were filled with roses and different birds.
Any bridal look can go sour without proper jewellery. Gold has been the number one choice for brides for ages, but now many young brides are experimenting by adding more stones and elements into their jewellery boxes.
To complete your look on your special day, you can add contrasting jewellery to your heavy bridal lehenga of red colour. Offbeat coloured jewellery, pearls, emeralds and other stones are trending as the latest choice for brides.
Contrasting jewellery stands out in your entire look and gives more character to and uniqueness to wedding attire.
The days when a simple neck was followed by all the brides are long gone. Now, brides are trying new necklines which are more modern and bolder. From deep necks to backless blouses, these fashionable, modern-day brides do not shy from flaunting. Strip and sleeveless cholis with Doris and looms are all time favourites.
Who says that belts are for formals only? These days brides are wearing traditional belts with heavy work with their designer red bridal lehenga. This serves not as a stand out accessory but also gives your overall tire a neat look by holding it all together, the dupatta, lehenga and pallu.
You can choose a wide and heavy belt adorned with lace, beads, pearls and much more or a thin metallic belt.
This saying stands true even when we talk about your wedding lehenga. If you want to feel like royalty on your wedding day, then the double dupatta trend is made for you. With your simple red bridal lehenga, you can add a heavy, full of design and work dupatta wear over your head. Or you can choose to wear a simple, sheer dupatta.
To complement your red lehenga, you can add a contrasting colour dupatta; it gives your attire more depth.
If drama is what you want and like, feel free to add it to your wedding look. Exaggerated sleeves are here to stay and to rule this year’s wedding trends. If we talk in terms of sleeves, you have a lot of options, laced sleeves that give a romantic look, sheer sleeves with beads and pearls, puffy and ruffle sleeves. You will get tired of experimenting, but the list of stylish sleeves will go on, and so will charm. So, be bold and choose the one that has stolen your heart.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a bride is the most important person on a wedding day, almost like a superhero. Leaving her house and entering a new phase of her life, well, yes, definitely a superhero. And what a superhero needs is a cape. Showcase all your power on your special day by adding a traditional cape to your red wedding lehenga design.
City brides are ditching the dupattas this wedding season to experiment more with more modern and hassle-free capes. So, what’s stopping you from going for the cape?
Bohemian styles are becoming a popular choice for women for all kinds of festivals. But adding a Bohemian touch to your red lehenga choli for a wedding? Sounds bold and beautiful. Not only can boho patterns be made on your lehenga, but you can also wear boho jewellery and let your inner gipsy thrive on the big day!
Choosing the perfect lehenga for your big day is a decision as important as any other wedding shenanigans. To get the best red bridal lehenga, you need to keep a lot of things in mind. What’s trending? What does your ideal wedding attire look like? What makes you feel comfortable? And much more.
But the good news is with all these trends and thousands and thousands of options available in the market; you can put your finger on whatever you like. From modern to traditional, to bold and modest, just think of it, and you will find it.
If this is what your heart desires then, Kreeva has got you covered. Explore as many designer red bridal lehenga as you want at affordable prices with excellent quality. Get the best wedding collection to dazzle on your special day!

Press enter to search, esc to close
From advising on some of the UK’s first onshore wind projects to supporting on some of the first wind plus energy storage projects and pathfinder behind-the-meter wind turbine installations with commercial off-takers, we have experience of acting throughout the project lifecycle of onshore wind assets.
Our specialist team acts for organisations involved throughout the lifecycle of a wind farm project, including developers, banks, investors and landowners. We have particular expertise advising on the acquisition / disposal of onshore wind projects from single turbine sites to the UK’s largest wind farms and on the £multi-million debt funding and refinancing for single turbine and on-shore wind portfolios.
We provide end-to-end advice in relation to project structuring, finance, commercial, construction, corporate, regulatory, environmental, health and safety, planning and property issues. Plus we have extensive experience in helping to resolve the complex disputes that can sometimes arise with wind energy schemes.
In addition, our team has advised on some on the most high-profile offshore wind projects in the UK, Europe and globally. We are also appointed to Offshore Renewable Energy (ORE) Catapult’s four-year Legal Services Framework.
News 13 MAY 2022

Obituary For Margaret Powers
Margaret “Pegge” Powers passed away peacefully surrounded by her children on March 10, 2022 after a brief illness.
Born on October 16, 1933, daughter of Jesse (Hood) and Herbert Pugh of Westwood.
She was predeceased by her parents, her husband of 42 years Richard and her daughter Beth and Beth’s husband Bruce. She is survived by her sister Carroll Allshire of Brookville Ohio, her son Mark and wife Mary of Duxbury, son Scott and wife Stacie of Plymouth and daughter Kim and husband Doug of Plymouth. She is also survived by her 10 grandchildren Kaitlin, Tyler, Laura, Lisa, Joseph, Samuel, Gregory, Andrew, Jeffrey and Caroline and great grandchild Olivia as well as her 5 step grandchildren Robert, Heather, Hannah, Lily, Brook and step great grandchild Sunny. She is also survived by 4 nieces and 1 nephew.
Pegge graduated from Westwood high school. After graduation she went to work for the FBI where she worked until the birth of her first child. After her children were grown, she started a second career with the Town of Hanover. She continued to work for the town into her mid eighties until she retired after more than 30 years.
She was a resident of Hanover for over 40 years before moving to Rockland in 2001.
She loved spending time with her family and friends. She could always be found at the sporting events of her children and grandchildren. She also stayed connected with the FBI through their alumni association. She was a member of the First Congregational Church in Hanover for over 60 years.
A memorial service will be held at the First Congregational Church, 547 Hanover St
Hanover, MA 02339, on Saturday March 19 at 1 PM. All are welcome. Burial will be private
Add a Candle
Click a candle below to add a candle to your message.

Hand-made Manti with Pumpkin and Beef (Steam Dumplings) - 6 pcs
Hand-made Manti is made in small batches in our kitchen from locally sourced organic ingredients.
Ingredients: Organic Beef, Premium Organic Wheat Flour, Organic Eggs, Organic Onion, Pumpkin, Butter, Water, Salt
DO NOT DEFROST. COOK FROM FROZEN
1. Cook in a steam cooker for 35-40 mins on high heat
2. Turn off the heat, open the lid and leave for another 3-5 mins to sit
3. Serve with butter, sour cream or any sauce of your choice
1. Before placing in the steam cooker dip the bottom of the dumpling in any oil of your choice (to avoid sticking to the bottom)
2. Enjoy dumplings with butter and any sauce of your choice.

The website uses SSL encryption to guarantee the protection of the users’ information. Users are encouraged to take a look at the rules that give useful recommendations on tips on how to shield your information and identity if you talk with others on the web site. Members are inspired to achieve out to buyer assist if they’ve any issues. MyFreeCams is a live cam web site that connects attractive female performers from all continents with members that search to work together with them. A giant variety of models from all all over the world.
Other Sites Like Myfreecams
If you understand me, you realize that my interest was piqued. Therefore, it was time to experience the site alone for “analysis” purposes. So, that is the half where I reminisce and share the collection of happenings that led us to the place we are right now. I discovered the location because of a couple of lists I was wanting over.
All content material posted to this site is one hundred% consumer contributed. If you want to blame someone for the content material on this site, blame the freaks of the world- not us. Feel free to affix the community and upload your goodies. While you’re right here try the boards, chat, groups, galleries, videosand pictures.
We have seen over a thousand folks watching a single girl, and in a show like that, it might skip frames and have some hiccups. It seems to run off older web know-how and you won’t find the feed to be almost as gorgeous as a number of the newer sites popping up. While MyFreeCams has an excellent selection of cam girls, they do not cater to anything beyond ladies. You will not discover a single transgender cam, gay cam or perhaps a male/feminine couple on the location. Motherless is an ethical free file host the place something authorized is hosted eternally!
Many cam websites require you to enroll and even get a premium membership earlier than you can even hope to see some pussy, however this one knows how things ought to be carried out. They let myfreecam you sample to goodies, and it tends to lead to a reasonably good payday for the women. This works like a profile picture, and so it doesn’t clue you in very well into what is occurring on the channel.
Don’t imagine the advertising tricks about making massive amounts of cash on MFC and Chaturbate. You received to put some effort, but this effort just isn’t exactly what you bear in mind. Is not about shopping for a brilliant high-high quality webcam, and definitely not about begging guys for a personal, or group present. Generally, promotion is a question of favor, and what works for you. But you completely CAN do it your self, and I promise you that while the AE Promo folks do it finest, you possibly can undoubtedly double your money fairly shortly.
Therefore, you may discover that a lady has a naked avatar with a toy inside her, but the reside feed is her on face cam. Be that as it may, I nonetheless think it’s super cool that you could effectively just watch cams with out ever needing to enroll.
No one apart from the user has access to his/her internet digital camera, subsequently, their performances can’t be recorded by the location directors or another third parties. The website uses 128-bit SSL encryption to guard the knowledge provided by its prospects. Being a free member doesn’t imply that you could’t enter the chat rooms. Still, not all women allow free users to visit their rooms. Members owing free accounts can also use the search device, look via the profiles of the hotties, add them to bookmarks, and add them to your friends.
Myfreecams Tokens The Updated Free Sex Cam Tokens Review
In case you are prepared for experiments, you can also watch MyFreeCams couples movies or go to chatrooms of the women who’ve some fetishes. The central part of the webpage is covered with photographs of the hotties waiting for your visit to their chat rooms. There’s additionally a risk to make your individual model listing setting. You can discover anything here, soiled babes, romantic ones, fetish actually anything.
For example, should you like women with the sweetness and physique of a porn star, such as Mia Khalifa, there are such a lot of of them current. The thing is, though, what if Mia doesn’t attraction to you, and Pinky is more of your fashion?
Imlive: An Honest Review Of Imlive Com
I should also say on your first go to, issues can feel ever so slightly complicated. There are a bunch of tiles representing the profiles of the girls who’re on-line, which you’ll click on on to get entry to the live feed. While many different sites had mixed reviews, I observed that MyFreeCams managed to constantly get amazing reviews.
For example, in January 2019 the corporate arranged a non-public live performance for models only, featuring a performance by rapper Cardi B. Yes, this is among the most safe live chat adult platforms.
One factor I need to point out is the preview and avatar system. When you’re selecting what channel you want to jump into, there’s a picture called an avatar for every channel, that reveals you an image of the girl who’s performing. When I first went to the positioning, I didn’t know what to expect.
Performers can have a profile page that is a lot like a MySpace web page. They can change the structure, add galleries, movies, music, and tons of information about themselves. They can offer to sell you their email and get in touch with details, particular photos and videos, and even their phone numbers. It has a type of Craigslist meets Myspace the place the ladies can barter all types of unique issues for tokens. Cam high quality and speed will range by performer and it virtually appears that it can be slowed down by what number of guys are in one of the chat rooms at once.
Xcams & eleven Sex Cam Websites Like Xcams Com
- The international locations where my free cams are most popular are the USA, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and Spain, in addition to France.
- Becoming a Premium member on my free cams is not as daunting as it appears.
- Simply buy any amount of tokens of the location and your account automatically upgrades.
- There are nonetheless over a thousand fashions on-line at any given time.
- MyFreeCams solely hosts feminine cam fashions, however this cam site hardly lacks selection.
- A fundamental membership grants users access to the location’s main features and permit them to speak with fashions and members.
I seemed throughout a number of review sites, and I wished to seek out some cam web sites that have been well-reviewed throughout the board. MyFreeCams is an erotic webcam platform that permits for all of the things that have been described above. When you want extra of a personalised grownup leisure experience, this is among the finest sites that you could go for it. For security and privacy causes, every consumer (regardless if it’s a model or a customer) can select whether or not to offer access to the other users to observe them or not.
MyFreeCams.com uses a token based system, with the tokens getting cheaper with the extra you buy. On our account we may get them for about eight cents per token after we purchased 900 ($74.ninety nine total). They were as excessive as 10 cents a chunk for a quantity of 200 ($19.99). Member/Performer profiles are one of many stronger features discovered on MyFreeCams.

An event of hope and harmony where the people of Gangseo gather together to make a wish and welcome in the New Year with an exchange of blessings.
Every January 1 from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 a.m.
Gaehwasan Mountain *The time and venue may change depending on circumstances.
Pre-event: 06:40 - 07:00. Preparation of an optative statement
Basic event: 07:00 - 07:30. Sunrise cultural performance
Sunrise welcoming: 07:30 - 07:50. New Year's Message
Sunrise shout and New Year's wish at sunrise
A photo zone is available and various cultural events are held. The actual program may vary each year.

100% Leather Exterior, Tropical frond print fabric interior with zipper pocket, fold-over style with magnetic clasp, custom Keani Jewelry zipper pull.
Hand-sewn and made in the USA.
Please pull from the base of the zipper.
** If you would like to order our asymmetrical option, please email us at email@example.com. We have limited quantities of this type of cut! **

Amusement, Arms and Armor, Artillery, Bizarre, Field Sports, Hunting, Model 1841 Mountain Howitzer, White-tailed Deer
Model 1841 12 pound Mountain Howitzer
This web-site explains how to hunt white-tailed deer using a Civil War-era Model 1841 12 Pound Mountain Howitzer.
This method of hunting seems likely to provoke criticism, but, after all, the hunter is restricted to a single shot before having to undertake an elaborate and time-consuming process of reloading. There can be no second shot at the same target. And just look at all the effort required to transport, maneuver, and aim the weapon! Besides, the unreasoning prejudice of today’s authorities toward any kind of seriously innovative approach to reducing game to possession makes the project still more sporting by introducing a distinct note of hazard for the sportsman.
If the idea makes you squeamish, or you start getting all liberal and statist, just repeat after me: Rats with hoofs! Rats with hoofs!
I do kind of think myself that a real artillerist could get his buck with an exploding shell, and someone really good could do it with solid shot. If those darned Civil War cannon were just a little cheaper…
Run for your lives!

Children benefit from the expertise of 280 teachers trained in the Incredible Years Classroom Management programme.
Children encouraged through positive parenting as a result of 65 Facilitators trained in the Incredible Years Basic Parents programme.
Children benefit from 1-1 support during school as a result of 185 mentors trained in the Mentoring for Achievement programme.
The Archways basis.point Programme
Delivering Incredible Years® , Mentoring for Achievement and Building Up Programme in disadvantaged areas of Dublin, Cork, Limerick, Kilkenny and Wexford.
The Incredible Years® programme delivered by Archways
The Incredible Years® programme, delivered by Archways, is a proven prevention and early intervention programme for children aged 4-8 years with emotional, social and behavioural difficulties. Teachers are trained in the programme throughout the country to help children in the classroom setting and facilitators are trained to work with parents.
basis.point provided early seed funding this programme which has subsequently been adopted by the Department of Education for DEIS Band 1 schools. We continue to fund DEIS Band 2 schools and other non designated schools.
Mentoring for Achievement Programme
The Mentoring for Achievement Programme (MAP) uses mentoring to increase school engagement among targeted students aged between 10 and 16, who have personal characteristics that interfere with learning.
More recently a pilot afterschool programme has been introduced in North Dublin City encouraging positive peer groups and role models, for young students who are showing particular talents outside of the standard curriculum, in the fields of music, sports and the arts.
Building resilience amongst vulnerable young people
Research carried out by Archways highlighted that there is a noticeable increase in anxiety amongst young people as a result of Covid-19 measures and a real appetite among parents to feel better supported at aiding their children’s wellbeing.
In response to this we have created a Building Up programme aimed at enabling parents and teachers to help young people navigate this difficult time. Workshops have been offered in Cork, Wexford, Kilkenny and Dublin.
basis.point Funding Archways
2014 / 2016 - €43,000 in Dublin for the IY programme.
2017 / 2018 - €165,000 in Dublin, Cork and Limerick for the IY and MAP programmes.
2019 / 2021 - €308,500 in Dublin Cork, Limerick, Kilkenny and Wexford
2020 - €9,600
2021 - €228,700
107 teachers within the area will be trained in proactive management skills benefiting some 2,200 children.
52 local agency facilitators will be trained to deliver the parent programme enabling conservatively 203 parents from the school catchment to avail of the parenting provision.
Anecdotal positive feedback on the programmes is encouraging and the impact of these programmes on communities is far reaching.
My youngest child was being assessed for a behaviour problem and since doing the course the doctors have seen a big change in her. I found from all of the weeks I attended (it) was very important for me and my child to be more aware of her feelings even though she is small you always need to praise. It does work
Feedback from a parent
Incredible Years® has given me many strategies for dealing with behavioural issues in the classroom. Its emphasis on positive reinforcement enables the teacher to deal effectively with behaviour transgressions. The programme reinforces good behaviour that is expected and makes for a more positive learning environment.
Feedback from Teachers

Back to Reality
After 2 weeks off, I’m officially back at my desk working again. Decorations are stored away. Lucia’s back in school. And the holidays are squarely in the rearview mirror (awww!).
I’m now 24 weeks along and with the start of the new year we’re feeling like it’s time to start preparing for our little one’s arrival. So excited!!!
Hope you’re having a great start to your week!

It’s easy to find the perfect fruit fly bait for a backyard garden.
The most common fruit fly traps are red and yellow colored fruit flies, so the fruit fly larva must be able to recognize the color.
However, fruit flies can also detect the color of a flower or flower petal.
Here’s how to find fruit fly baits that will work for your garden.
Red and yellow fruit flies are not the best fruit fly bait 1.
Red and yellow is the most common color.
Fruit flies will look for a fruit that is a red or yellow color, such as yellow grapes, blackberries, blueberries, etc. This is the primary fruit fly lure that most people use for fruit flies.
The fruit fly larvae love fruit that has a red color, so when a fruit is picked, the larvae will go in search of the fruit and bite it to get it to eat.
The larvae also can find a fruit with a yellow or purple color, because they are attracted to the yellow color.
If you use a fruit stain, fruit fly poison or any other type of fruit poison, you can create a lure that attracts fruit flies to a fruit.
However the fruit flies that are attracted will never actually eat the fruit.
If your fruit flies don’t find a bait that works, then they will eventually eat it.
For example, you may find that some fruit fly species prefer white fruit, which is a very popular fruit color.
You may also find that certain fruit fly types will not bite fruit if they see it in a flower.
You will find fruit flies with yellow and purple coloring.
In fact, some fruit flies like to bite red or purple fruit.2.
Fruit fly poison baits can be very effective 1.
Fruit bait is very effective.
Most fruit fly poisons are made from an insecticide called metronidazole.
Fruit Fly Poison is an insecticidal chemical that is found in many insecticides and insecticides products.
This chemical works by binding to the outer surface of the larva and causing the larval to break down the proteins in the fruit, causing it to drop into the bait.
The poison is released into the water where the fruit is and the larvae are trapped in the bait to be eaten by the fruitfly.
Fruitflies will also use a small amount of the poison in their diet to create a poison that will kill the fruit larvae and release them into the air.
However this is not a reliable poison that you want to use in your backyard because it is very toxic to the fruit flying larva.
You can also buy fruit fly repellents that have fruit fly kill.
You should use a product that contains an insecticides like the insecticides metronide or triclosan.3.
Fruit lure baits will be effective if you buy a bait with red and/or yellow fruit bait 1.
You need to choose the right fruit bait to use.
Some people will use red and green fruit bait, while others will use yellow and orange fruit bait.
Red fruit bait is much easier to find because the fruit grows naturally on the red fruit, so fruit flies will find it.
Yellow and orange fruits are also easy to grow because they grow naturally on green and orange trees.
So when you buy fruit bait for your fruit fly house, it is important to choose a bait color that will attract fruit flies into your trap.
If the fruit lure bait is red, then you need to use red fruit bait and if it is orange, then use orange fruit lure.
Some bait colors can be confusing to a beginner like me because they all have different chemical compounds.
I like to use a color that is easier to differentiate from the other bait colors because it will be easier for the fruitflies to detect the bait color.
In addition, the color can be changed over time.
So you should use the color that you like best.
For instance, you could change the color over time and then use the same color to make different fruit lure baites.4.
Some fruit lure poison baises can also be very helpful for a pet apple trap or apple cider trap 1.
Most of the bait you need for your pet apple or apple cork trap will be fruit bait because the larvae can live on the fruit for a few days.
The bait can also help kill fruit flies by causing them to break the fruit apart and release the larvae into the food.
Fruit poison baets can also create a trap that is less toxic to fruit flies because it contains no chemicals.
However fruit poison baes will be very difficult to clean out of the trap and can contain mold and other germs that could cause your fruit trap to be difficult to keep clean.
For those that have to clean the trap, the fruit bait will still be toxic because the toxins will be trapped in it.
However for pet apple traps, you should keep a few fruit lure poisons in the trap

Discovery Leisure Branding Launched!
Logo design / Branding / Print design
Discovery Leisure is one of Cornwall’s Best Independent Caravan and Motorhome Service and Repair Specialists. Based in Scorrier, Cornwall.
Discovery Leisure first approached me for possible branding work in March. They wanted to re-fresh and create a new innovative branding, something that was a little more personal and reflected the business values more!
Since then I have been able to transform the look and feel of the business, with a cheeky, quirky new brand. Working with them on the branding has included: service sheets, stationary, and uniforms.
The website shall be in for a revamp soon as well…. http://discoveryleisure.co.uk/

- Expired: over a month ago. Applications are no longer accepted.
To apply, simply TEXT SEC to 25000 and our virtual assistant Olivia will get you connected with our hiring team today!
Hiring Immediately in Chesapeake, VA!
Turn your job into a career with our team at Southeast Connections, LLC! From the field to the board room, our company is dedicated to remaining an industry leader by developing our people and helping grow their careers. We specialize in energy infrastructure serving the natural gas industry and pride ourselves on our core values: safety, excellence, transparency, integrity and accountability, as well as continuous improvement. Apply today to be a part of our journey.
At Southeast Connections, your benefits begin on day one! We offer excellent compensation and comprehensive benefit packages including health, dental, vision, life insurance, and more.
Our Construction Laborers perform tasks involving physical labor for highway and heavy construction projects. You’ll prepare work sites to ensure maximum optimization and efficiency of construction procedures. This position may operate a variety of hand and power tools.
Starting pay is $15.00-$16.00 per hour dependent upon experience with lots of opportunities to grow within the company.
Do you have a valid CDL license? If so, your starting hourly rate will be slightly higher.
What You’ll Do:
- Execute deliverables according to customer specifications and contract requirements
- Manage cost control, margin expectations, productivity, change orders, and equipment reporting
- Clean debris, trash, and hazardous materials from construction sites
- Fill potholes, dig trenches, assist in installing pipes and drains, and erect temporary structures
- Put traffic signs up to indicate that construction is in process
- Maintain construction equipment appropriately and promote/monitor team member safety
- Load and unload equipment from trucks
- Train apprentices and new hires in construction labor work
- Use hand tools to cut and shape material as per instructions
- Work in compliance with company standards and protocols, ensuring that proper safety and incident reporting procedures are followed and problems are brought to the foreman’s attention
Why You’ll Love Working for Us:
- Competitive pay and industry-leading benefits
- Day one benefits including medical, dental, vision, life, short and long-term disability
- Eligibility for Company matching 401(k) begins after 3 months of employment
What We Need from You:
- Must be at least 21 years old
- High school diploma preferred
- Knowledge/experience with gas installation techniques and standards preferred
- Ability to lift, push, pull, or carry heavy objects, and walk/stand for long periods of time
- Perform strenuous physical labor under adverse field conditions with excellent stamina
Southeast Connections, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Southeast Connections, LLC
ConstructionView all jobs at Southeast Connections, LLC

Hatley Girls Pink Dreamy Horses Organic Cotton Pyjama Set
Bedtime will be their new favourite time of day thanks to this cosy pyjama set with fun dreamy horses pyjama print! Made from extra soft organic cotton and featuring a stretchy elastic waistband, they'll sleep soundly and comfortably all night long.
- 100% Organic Cotton
- Machine wash 30 Degrees

Located in Birmingham, Argex Limited was founded in 1994 and very rapidly established itself as a reputed supplier of semi-finished items for the production of silver cutlery, hollow-ware and jewellery. Today Argex is recognised throughout the UK as a leading stockist of sheets, discs, wires, rods, tubes, coils/strips, anodes and many other semi-finished formats in various silver alloys.
The company has built its reputation on the highest possible quality standards, constant quality control, prompt delivery times and competitive pricing. Thanks to these core values, Argex has developed a comprehensive sales-network within the UK silversmithing and jewellery sectors.
Silver products for the UK Silversmithing & Jewellery sectors
Sign up for a free account and get live prices and quoting for all our silver products. Argex is a leading UK stockist of sheets, discs, wires, rods, tubes, coils/strips, anodes and many other semi-finished formats in various silver alloys.

What3Words.. a game changer
April 14, 2021 • Leave a Comment
What3Words, Perennial and Life Less Ordinary...Build your tribe
What3Words appeared on my radar about two years ago now, and I got it. A game changer, it can save lives, give people an address, save time, save fuel, help locate things and people and a lot more all by a free app.
Now I know most of you haven't clicked on the link, so here's a brief explanation;
Easily find a what3words address for anywhere in the world.
We have divided the world into 3m squares and given each square a unique combination of three words.
51.520847, -0.19552100 = /// filled.count.soap
Now you're going to ask what has this got to do with photography. Nothing, but it relates to my job at CED Stone Group.
After stalking the company for two years, they finally contacted me to see if we'd like to partner up and spread the word, change lives and help the environment. Simple answer to that is yes and so here I am spreading the word.
As a company CED Stone Group will be using What3Words to locate each depot, give the option at checkout to use the ///what.three.words address for delivery, promote with haulage companies the use of the app, promote within the landscaping industry the use of the app and lots of other ways as they drift into my mind.
If you're wondering about the picture, here's the story about making connections or forming your tribe as we say these days (I'm sort of down with the kids.. ish).
What you're looking at is bracelets from Life Less Ordinary, which are super cool and meaningful to their owner. The What3Words are the location for a bench at the bottom of my street where I sit on a morning and watch the sea.. drink coffee and catch up on social media.. my "space".
The other bracelet shows my support for Perennial and has their help line number on the reverse, so it's always with me.
I'm hoping that I can spread the word for What3Words and hopefully with the friends from my tribe we can do good things together, change some lives.
Now now go and get the free app here FREE APP. and lets see how you can use it.
No comments posted.

Great Britain’s Hannah Mills has become the most successful female Olympic sailor in history after she won gold with Eilidh McIntyre in the women’s 470 class in Tokyo.
The victory was confirmed after a protest from the French team - who finished in second place - was dismissed.
Mills carried the British flag at the Tokyo Games opening ceremony with rower Mohamed Sbihi.
How the event unfolded
Mills and McIntyre have dominated the regatta at Enoshima, winning two races and only twice finishing outside the top four, and they went into the medal race with a 14-point lead.
That meant they only needed to finish in the top seven to clinch gold and they were never in any danger, crossing the line comfortably in fifth.
The victory continued a hugely successful two days for Britain’s sailors, with Mills and McIntyre making it three gold medals after success for Dylan Fletcher and Stuart Bithell in the 49er and Giles Scott in the Finn on Tuesday.
It is the country’s second best Olympic tally after Beijing in 2008, when they won six medals, including four golds.
What medals has Hannah Mills won?
Mills won silver in London 2012 and gold in Rio 2016 with Saskia Clark in the same boat.
She has also won three gold, three silver and two bronze medals in the World Championships.
Eilidh McIntyre's debut Olympics
Mills joined forces with 27-year-old McIntyre when Clark retired following the Rio Olympics and the pair marked themselves out as the ones to beat by winning the world championships at Enoshima in 2019.
It is a debut Olympic medal for McIntyre, who follows in the footsteps of her father Mike – the gold medallist in the Star class at the Seoul Games in 1988.
A version of this article originally appeared on NationalWorld.com

Has any of the departments established a release form for the use of dry hydrants on private property.
Hello We have had one for years and have just sent out new ones this year to all our fill locations. We try to keep them updated every 10 years. We have around 30 fill locations in our Fire District, some we never use, but we like to have a signed paper saying that we or our mutual aid departments can draft water. It seems to work well.
We operate multiple different dry hydrants within our jurisdiction and utilize our neighboring departments hydrants when necessary and honestly I have not known that there needs to be a release to do such. What is the purpose of this release? Just a general CYA?
Understood, thank you I wasn’t exactly sure as to what the purpose of this was. Thank you for the clarification!

In this post, we have chosen the best fitness website templates with an HTML responsive template for Gym, Fitness Center or Health Club. These templates are clean and well organized. The best premium fitness templates are the responsive HTML5 template layout with creative and professional for business. It is compatible with all browsers, smart phones, tablets as well as laptops and desktop screens. You can use google fonts to make the typography of your website look exactly like what you want. It comes with several page options for your business purpose.
With our incredible template, you will be able to build the most prolific gym and fitness website! You can create the website without any meticulous and monotonous coding using our wonderful drag-drop website creator. Want to change the look of your website? We present a wide variety of customization! Your website will be available all over the world and on all known devices. We present you with an exciting and very responsive design that will always make your customers happy. Want to talk to your customers? Use our convenient fitness template feature! Need to post multiple declarations of satisfied customers? Set up testimonials is easy enough!
Futexo is a beautiful fitness & gym HTML5 template with 01 unique home demos. We have carefully crafted each and every demo to ensure a clean, modern and modern design is carried out. Great design and powerful features make Inverge irresistible. What you see below are full demos and features from multiple demos can be combined.
Gimmer is an iconic HTML template that is specially structured for various purposes such as gyms, gyms, health and fitness, health club, health spa, fitness center, sports club, exercise room, aerobics studio, sports hall, spa, athletic club. , training, aerobatics, fitness training, bodybuilding, fitness training. In addition, it can be used for fitness and yoga, mental wellness, health care, nutrition, fitness classes, mind and body fitness, and yoga classes.
Zyth is a beautiful fitness HTML template. We have carefully crafted each and every demo to ensure a clean and modern design is carried out. Great design and powerful features make Zyth irresistible. What you see below are full demos and features from multiple demos can be combined.
Zymzoo Gym & Fitness Center Bootstrap 5 Template is a splendid, mobile-ready, first-class web design solution that works fantastically well for gyms, fitness facilities, heck, even personal trainers. If you're ready to create an impressive website in this niche, build it with Zymzoo. It is a perfect web design tool packed with benefits to help you shine online and take your business to new heights.
Gymster is a fresh and modern gym HTML5 template perfectly suitable for gym style, fitness clubs, yoga classes, pilates trainers and other related purposes. This template is a unique opportunity to promote your fitness business and get as many clients as possible. It comes with flexible layouts in the About Gymster & Fitness section, so you can be as informative as possible when representing a team of your trainers. In addition to practical elements such as the BMI calculator.
Gymnast is designed for GYM, Fitness, Bodybuilding, Yoga, Nutrition, Sport Clubs, Health Clubs, Yoga Teacher, Gyms, Fitness Centers, Gym Trainers, Personal Fitness Trainer and Sports Instructor and other sites related to sports and gyms. It is suitable for any sports activity: aerobics, boxing, crossfit, karate, dance. It has a purpose-oriented design and comes with events / classes, hours / hours, opening hours.
Zymmy is a fitness and gym HTML template for gyms, health clubs, yoga teachers, fitness centers, gym trainers, personal fitness trainers and sports trainers and other sports and gym related sites. It is suitable for any sports activity: aerobics, boxing, crossfit, karate, dance. It has a responsive design that looks great on mobile devices and tablets.
Hitup Fitness and Gym HTML5 Template
Hitup Fitness and Gym HTML Template is designed for sports clubs, health clubs, yoga teachers, gyms, fitness centers, gym trainers, personal fitness trainer and sports instructor and other sports and gym related sites. It is suitable for any sports activity: aerobic, boxing, crossfit, karate, dance. It has a purpose-oriented design and comes with events / classes, hours / hours, opening hours. It is also suitable for users without programming knowledge, as well as advanced developers. We have built this HTML template based on in-depth research on consulting, finance and insurance businesses, tailored to your needs and your clients' expectations.
LUVFIT Gym Trainer HTML5 Template
In today's extremely competitive creative market, you need a great website to be different from everyone else and you can create one with Luvfit. Template for GYM, GYM Trainers, GYM Class, Yoga, Yoga Teacher, Bodybuilding, Boxing, Fitness, Gym Equipment, Sports Clubs and Sport Instructor website. Don't just use fancy words; check out our live preview for yourself.
With Luvfit, you can showcase your business in sleek, modern style. Based on in-depth research, we have developed this excellent template to deliver everything you are looking for on a website. It includes every little detail and all the necessary pages so you can build your website like a pro.
GYMEE Fitness Gym HTML5 Template
GYMEE Fitness and Gym HTML5 template for gym, sport, fitness center, health clubs, dance studios and many more related websites. We have also included a documentation folder to guide you through the code. I hope I have covered everything, but if there is anything you would like to know I am happy to help. It has a 100% responsive design and tested on all major browsers and devices. more info / download demo
Gym Expert Fitness Gym HTML5 Template
Gym Expert is a clean, modern, and fully responsive HTML template. It is designed for Sport, Gym, Fitness, Aerobic, Yoga, Boxing, Trainer, Coach, companies or any type of person or business that wants to show their work, services and professional form. The uniqueness of Gym Expert Template is due to its stunningly beautiful designs and easy-to-use website template solution that maximizes user satisfaction. It is built using the bootstrap 4 framework, works fully responsive, easy to customize, well commented codes, and SEO friendly.
Blackfit Fitness Gym Club HTML Template
BLACKFIT is a html template for gym, fitness or health club. It is cross-browser compatible, uses free fonts so your website typography looks exactly the way you want it. It comes with several home page options, including the amazing Parallax slider, 15+ page layouts, with virtually endless customization possibilities. BLACKFIT – Also includes a fully functional contact form and newsletter.
Cora GYM Sport Clubs HTML Template
Cora website template designed for modern trends, gyms, sports clubs or fitness centers and personal trainers! Fully responsive design that looks great on mobile devices and tablets. Effective skins, easy to edit. Mega pack template for your website to impress your site visitors.
OMYOGA Yoga Fitness HTML Template
Heroism Fitness HTML5 Template
Heroism is a clean and responsive business HTML5 template for GYM and fitness clubs. This template has 12 pages. All files are well organized and named accordingly, making it very easy to change any layout. Our template files are built with Bootstrap 4.3.1. Refine the layout to suit your needs and help present your content in the most attractive way. You can easily customize it to fit the needs of your investment plan.
Palwan Gym Bootstrap Template
We proudly present a gym or fitness center and gym html template like no other! If you are a fitness expert, yoga teacher and would like to create an excellent website for your gym or fitness center, Prowess is your best option. The template is fully decorated with sports items and functions, so you can easily display your business and all aspects of your fitness or yoga studio. You get amazing schedule designs, a built-in BMI calculator, all the store templates and functionality you could want. for, personal trainer and fitness templates and more.
KadirovGYM Fitness Landing Page Template
The KADIROVGYM HTML landing page was developed with great care. It can edit and update all files very well. Very nice and modern design. You can create an impressive website using this element. Check out the demo to understand the layout and style of layouts. We really hope you like our article. Very well organized HTML so that it is easy to understand.
Zarxio Fitness HTML5 Template
Zarxio is a fitness and gym HTML template built with the Bootstrap 4 framework. You can edit each and every component of this template according to your needs. It looks perfect on all major browsers, tablets, and mobile devices.
Fitner Gym HTML5 Template
Fitner Template is dedicated to creating a website related to gym, fitness and sport. The template includes several pages dedicated to gyms such as programs, trainers and sports categories. The layout is responsive, looks great from desktop view to smaller mobile resolution.This template is suitable for beauty, fitness, health, meditation, membership, spa, trainer, wellness, yoga, Yogi, Pilates, recreation, study, website schedule.
Fitmax Fitness HTML5 Template
Fitmax is a consistent and professional template created with your business in mind. This template is very suitable for Gym, Crossfit and Fitmax studios and can easily be converted to any other niche template due to its flexibility. Everything is clear and easy to customize – lots of equipment and service layouts, incredible animation options, numerous creative assets and more, freeing up your time from design and mockup.
Boxima Fitness Equipment Store HTML5 Template
The Koshrot Gym Fitness HTML template with Page Builder is a modern and innovative HTML template. Koshrot specializes in gymnastics and fitness sites. You can use this HTML template for gym, fitness, building, cardio, exercise, fitness, gymnastics, health, fitness, weightlifting, yoga, fitness center, club fitness, etc. % Reactive layouts and multi-browser optimization. By visiting the demo, you'll notice the Gym Fitness design and the ideal placement of options and features.
Gemvast is suitable for a fitness center, gyms for coaches, fitness centers and sports studios. It can also be a great fit for a personal trainer's portfolio and website. Gemvast comes with 3 multi-page versions and 3 versions of a page. The template design is fully responsive, so make sure it looks great on all devices.
Gym FIT Personal Trainer HTML Template – It has a responsive layout that looks great on mobile devices and tablets. The main point of focus is represented by the slider on the home page which is automatically reduced according to the resolution of your screen.
The Gimnas Gym & Fitness HTML template is specifically designed for gym, yoga, fitness and crossfit clubs. It is designed using the latest bootstrap versions 4.x, HTML5, jQuery and CSS3 with w3c validation. It comes with high quality home pages and many impressive interior pages.
FitD is our new modern HTML template, specially designed for sports websites, gyms, yoga studios, fitness clubs and crossfit gyms. Your website will be an overall success since we have created all the necessary pages. It has goal-oriented design, responsive layout and special features such as about us, wallet, blog plans and other pages.
FITCLUB Fitness Landing Page HTML
Unifit Fitness HTML Template
PerfectGym Gym HTML Template
BeFit is an exclusive HTML5 template that offers incredible features for Gym & Fitness Certers. This template is designed for sports clubs, fitness centers, health clubs, gyms, personal trainers and other sports and health related clubs. It has a goal-oriented design and comes with events, classes, schedule, opening hours.
Fitness Coach is a personal trainer template developed specifically for health coaches, coaches, dieticians, healthy store etc. It is best suited for personal trainer, personal health and diet programs. The template has a beautiful and unique design that will be best suited to your online presence. The Fitness Trainer template comes with the features needed for your online presence like gallery, blog, testimonial, team page and appointments etc.
Action Gym is an original HTML template ideal for Gyms, Fitness, Yoga or any business related . It is built with the latest web standards. It is HTML5 & CSS3 Validated, Working Contact Form, Parallax effects and 15 Pages included.
Boosted have main point of focus is represented by 18 unique home pages with strong color background that represent the unique dimension of the design.
GYME is a template that responds to a page specifically designed for gymnasium and fitness sites. It has a reactive layout that stands out for mobile devices and tablets. It has a nice presentation for the videos. This is an easy to edit template. You can edit each part of this template according to your needs. It offers awesome design, powerful display and built on HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 3.3.7 and much more.
Stargym is a modern HTML5 theme created specifically for Gym, Fitness, Health Clubs and other related businesses. It can also be suitable for fitness instructors, personal trainers, dance teachers, athletes and courses. Stargym has pink and blue versions of home pages and other pages. The design of the templates is fully reactive, so it is great for all devices.
LoveFit is a HTML5 website template suitable for the fitness industry. Love adapt provide the entire length of fitness workout videos and quality health information. Users can purchase a wide variety of fitness training videos: Yoga, Cardio exercise, resistance programs, etc.
GymEdge | One & Multi Page HTML5 Template Responsive is one of the newest and Global Standard Responsive HTML Template. Using GymEdge user can get to start their businesses for the theme to build Gym, Fitness Clubs, Personal Trainers, health centers and health-related matters.
FitCross – Responsive Sport, Gym and Fitness Template
FitCross is an HTML site template suitable for fitness center, trainers and sport activity. The layout is responsive, looking great from a desktop view down to a smaller mobile resolution.
Somnus – Yoga & Fitness Studio Template + Builder
Purpose-built for Yoga, Pilates and Fitness studio businesses, Somnus presents a confident but welcoming look for your business. Spacious typography and neutral colour tones combine to form an engaging, well-rounded user experience, regardless of device.
Fitness Zone | Sports Template for Gym & Fitness
Fitness Zone website template muscled for modern trend, gyms, sport club or fitness center and personal trainers! Fully responsive layout that looks great on mobile and tablet devices. Effective Skins, easy to edit modules, Mega Menu, Sticky Navigation, Mobile Nav for Smart Phones, Blog page with comments, filterable portfolio with details page variations, responsive Short-codes and working contact form page with map.
ACTIVITY – Calories Calculators and Sport Activity
ACTIVITY is an HTML site template suitable for small fitness center, trainers and sport activity. The main features of the item are the 4 Calories Calculators provided; the item comes with a Widget Version of the calculators that you can include in your existing web site in only 3 steps.
GymBase (HTML5 Responsive)
GymBase is a gym fitness HTML template designed in a minimalist style. It has a responsive layout that looks great on mobile and tablet devices. The main point of focus is represented by home page slider which scales down automatically depending on your screen resolution.

Dementia is a disease that mainly affects the elderly. When we hear the term dementia, we first think of old people and so-called old age dementia. However, younger people can also be affected by this disease. Our lifestyle has a major influence on whether we develop dementia or not and, in addition to the influence of factors such as diet, exercise, consumption of luxury foods, stress or environmental factors, digital media also play an important role.
When it comes to preventive care, the first years of life are crucial in addition to the behavior and habits that we have developed in adulthood. If brain development was encouraged in the early years of life, a person is less likely to develop dementia in old age.
In the 21st century, adults and children, on average, spend a lot of time using digital media. Children growing up today experience the world to a relatively large extent through screens. However, several studies have shown in recent years that the use of digital media can have negative effects on brain performance and exacerbate the development of dementia.
Brain Development in Children
The signals that are picked up by the senses converge in the brain. In the development of children, various stages go through in which the brain changes dramatically. At the age of one to two years, the two halves of the brain increasingly connect. This improves language development and motor skills. At around four years of age, the two halves of the brain begin to communicate with each other by leaps and bounds. Intuition and analytical skills are increasingly combined and in this phase the children learn to differentiate between reality and fantasy. In this phase, the ability to empathize also increases. Now the memory works for the most part, while in the period before so-called infantile amnesia occurs - there are usually hardly any memories of the first years of life.
At around six years of age, the frontal lobe matures and children attain more intellectual maturity at this stage of development. Logical and strategic thinking and arithmetic are now possible. Children can now control their affects and emotions better and better and adapt their behavior to the respective context.
How children experience and understand the world
When children learn new things, new connections form in the brain. An extremely large number of synapses are built up at a young age. There is an excess of nerve cells, of which only those that are actually used are retained in the long term. Unused nerve cells and connections are broken down again. At a young age, children should therefore be encouraged as much as possible and supported in their development. It is helpful when children have as diverse experiences as possible and when their brain is fed with many different sensory stimuli.
In the different stages of development that children go through, they perceive their environment to be very different. In the first few years of life, babies and young children primarily feel the world with their hands and mouth. Later they find different shapes and colors interesting. When the brain is more developed, children can enjoy using their intellectual abilities, for example solving puzzles or playing more strategic games. So encourage your child's development by supporting them in each phase of their life with suitable toys and activities. Naturalich wooden toys enable children of all ages to playfully feel and get to know the world.
The impact of digital media on children
If children in the different stages of development spend a lot of time using digital media, the sensory stimuli they pick up are comparatively one-sided and this influences the development of the brain. In the first years of life, sensorimotor stimuli, i.e. impressions that we perceive through our sense of touch, are particularly beneficial for child development. Sensorimotor stimuli are processed more deeply and the information that we absorb in connection with sensorimotor impressions is stored longer in the brain.
In order to give your child the best possible support in their development, we recommend that you let them get to know as many new impressions as possible. In addition to movement and social relationships, varied sensory-motor impressions are also important. This is only possible to a limited extent when using digital media. Playing with wooden toys enables children to absorb stronger and more varied sensorimotor impressions. Fine motor skills are trained in the different age groups with appropriate toys.
Prevent dementia at a young age
The best protection against dementia in adulthood is the development of the brain and the education that was built up in the first years of life. In the meantime, it has been shown in several studies that digital media have a negative effect here, and that in all age groups. In this context, one speaks of digital dementia. In order to prevent attention disorders, learning difficulties and reduced memory performance, both in the first few years and later in life, digital media should only be used to a limited extent.
Children need interactions in the real world in order to learn well. When studying on the screen, children have difficulty processing the information they have received. It is therefore officially recommended that children up to around three years of age should not use any screens and that children between the ages of five and six should not use any more than one hour a day. Stimuli that are perceived via the screen leave a weaker impression on the brain and stimulate it less to develop and to establish connections.
Also, check out our other articles to learn more about why wooden toys are beneficial for child development. Children's toys made of wood for different age groups can be found in our shop. Support your child's development with wooden toys and thus prevent dementia-like complaints in adolescence and adulthood and senile dementia, for example with ours Educational toys.

Have you ever felt like you really wish you could take a sneaky nap at work? We all have but most of us do not have the courage to try for a 15-minute power nap. Truth is employees all around the world take a sneaky nap every day.
How to Nap at Work Without Getting Caught? Work remotely, find a place in the office out of view, own office, sitting up your desk, in your car, if you work out of the office head off to the cinema, those laying cables sleep where they work, those working in large buildings sleep in the cavities these are just a few suggestions.
Do Naps Increase Productivity?
For the greater part of the past decade, there has been a significant paradigm shift in the workplace, where more emphasis has been placed on ensuring the employee is better equipped to increase productivity.
Napping at work is a glaring example of an activity that is no longer frowned upon by company executives – many of whom have probably been getting away with it behind the doors of their ostentatious offices anyway.
Critically though, sleeping at work is no longer a matter of privilege. It is increasingly being viewed as a matter of necessity. Under ordinary circumstances, it would be the blue-collar workers championing this noble cause.
However, it is now profit-seeking employers who claim to see the benefits of allowing staff to take a power nap at work.
Many of them are citing a study conducted by Sara C. Mednick, Denise J. Cai, Jennifer Kanady, and Sean P.A. Drummond more than a decade ago.
At the core of that study was the desire to seek alternatives to the copious amounts of caffeine that are being consumed by workers across the United States and around the world – in an attempt to stay more alert and be productive at work.
If you can show me a successful company which claims to not have a coffee machine of some kind available to its guests and employees and I would be surprised.
However, there are growing indications that things will not always be that way.
Everybody knows very well that caffeine is a super stimulant. Many of the energy drinks that have now flooded the market are loaded with caffeine. However, the jury has always been out on just how much it does for the memory or increased productivity for that matter.
Researchers believe there is no compelling evidence to suggest that a nap at work would be of greater benefit to both the employer and the employee. Bosses are buying into that notion too.
Napping at Work with the Energy Pod
So it has now become very fashionable to nap at work. Employers and employees around the world are now embracing the opportunity to spend money on something that will enhance the quality and value of that nap.
It is called the Energy Pod. Such is its growing significance that heavyweight business publications like Forbes are even giving it meaningful publicity.
But what is it exactly? We decided to visit the company website for more information on what makes this strange contraption more valuable than the conventional bed or mattress. And how on earth does this pod beat caffeine?
The Energy Pod is a chair then…talk about keeping up appearances.
However, it has been specifically built for those in the workplace, so that they can fall asleep when the opportunity presents itself or simply when they feel like it. Forget about its design because it is just strange.
Of particular interest to us is the technology used and the level of comfort that this contraption is supposed to produce. The claim is that the machine provides a zero-gravity position, is loaded with specially composed sleep music and wakes you very gently. That all accounts for the comfort component of this machine.
That waking up process is driven by a special sequence of composed lighting and a series of vibrations that help tell your body and mind that the time for shuteye is over and that you need to return to your desk and produce some more of those highly desired dollars. God knows many of them were spent purchasing the “space contraption” in the first place.
The contraption itself is developed by Firmware, who has programmed it to help you sleep deeply for about 20 minutes. Well, they say 20 minutes but it could honestly be a little less or a little more than that.
Among the key features on that contraption are “a status indicator that communicates when the EnergyPod will next be free and a usage tracker to optimize facility management.” You can’t script this stuff.
In addition to that, you will have Ergonomic Perfection, a privacy visor, an interface console, and a built-in speaker. The makers of the product were encouraged by what they felt was a desperate need for it. They noticed that more and more people were falling asleep at work and trying to hide it.
The research and design that went into making this machine were seen as an opportunity to boost productivity in the workplace instead of inhibiting it. The jury is out on just how valuable this will turn out to be.
How Do We Conclude That a Nap at Work Is Better Than Caffeine?
The researchers who conducted the famous study we are citing got 61 adults who drank no more than two cups of coffee a day to participate in the study. Those adults were between the ages of 18-39.
Therefore, they were at the peak of their physical powers and without a history of serious illness. They basically had nothing that could possibly muddy the waters of the study.
More critically though, the participants had a sleep schedule that did not see them sleep any later than midnight. Nor did it see them wake up any later than 8 am. Again, that was to boost the integrity of the study.
During this business of examining the impact of a power nap at work, there could be no accusations of foul play. The playing field was as equal as it could possibly have been under the circumstances.
All of the subjects in question kept sleep diaries, wore actigraphs and were not allowed to consume caffeine or alcohol before the experiments were conducted. Now that we have the admin out of the way, let us take a look at some of the interesting findings of that study.
The primary objective of this campaign was to test motor capacity, while the other was to test verbal capacity. Both are key indicators of a person’s alertness or sharpness in the workplace environment.
During the verbal tasks, the subjects were required to display recall and recognition memory.
That power of recall was tested over a period of seven hours, during which there were three intervention options available.
The first was the good old cup of coffee or anything else with caffeine in it. The second was a placebo, which is a form of medication. The third was the power nap.
With that, the game was afoot.
For the motor tasks, subjects were requested to complete a series of finger tapping tasks with their non-dominant hand. The capacity of the subjects to accurately completely those sequences was tested after the three intervention options mentioned above. That is caffeine, placebo, and the old power nap.
Determining the results of that test was also pretty straightforward. The number of correct sequences in a set time wins. Memory and recall were taken out of the equation though. The sequence was displayed for everybody to see clearly. It was just a matter of testing how sharp and alert the subjects in the study were.
There were also deductions for errors and inaccuracies.
For the verbal tasks, the group which opted to nap, instead of consuming caffeine or administer placebo, performed remarkably better than any of the other groups.
Also interesting was the fact that there was no significant difference in performance between placebo and caffeine. So, ditch the drugs and get some shuteye.
During the motor testing phases, nappers and the placebo group traded blows regularly through the sessions without there really is a clear winner. More significantly though, the caffeine group appeared to run out of steam as the tasks progressed and they eventually fell behind the top two.
There appears to be increasingly compelling evidence that the merits of caffeine have been grossly overstated over the years and that it is purely psychological. Napping at work is definitely the way of the future.
If you want to know a lot more about caffeine and sleep you can view my article here…
How to Nap at Work and Not Get Caught
If you are one of the unlucky ones with a boss fit to boost the stocks at the local museum, you might have to hide your sleep problems just that little bit longer.
There is also the glaring reality that the majority of the people who will have access to something like an Energy Pod are executives and managers. By all accounts, it still does cost you a pretty penny.
Do not despair though, as there are ways to manipulate the system. Some of the tricks available are among the oldest in the book but they do say the old ways are always the best. Let’s check out my favorite top ten, shall we?
1. Work Remotely
This is particularly relevant to the author of this article, who has not stepped into an office for the greater part of a year. All of the work I have completed has either been done on my laptop, which was on my chest, while I was lying in my bed until well after midday.
There have also been days when I have not left my bed the whole time the sun was out during the course of the day. It is under those circumstances that the option to take what I would loosely refer to as a power nap became highly convenient.
No questions have ever been asked, as long as the tasks have been completed and the clients have been satisfied that I managed to deliver on my mandate. Better still, when I managed to deliver with considerable aplomb.
2. Sleep in the Boardroom at Lunch
The beauty about lunch breaks at the office is that nobody is ever looking for you during that period and there are seldom any meetings scheduled for the boardroom during lunch either. We are talking about the proverbial two birds with one stone here.
The outstanding thing about lunch breaks is that nobody gets to tell you what to do when they come. They constitute a basic worker’s right…an entitlement even. Under those circumstances, it is always most prudent to secure some shuteye if you can. Whether that be if you are tired or you just want to experiment with the extraordinary idea that you might be better placed to improve your productivity when you wake up.
The other trick here is to eat your actual lunch while you are at your desk. That way, you do not waste a single minute of your actual lunch hour chewing and swallowing.
3. Make the Most of Your Office “Privacy”
Some people happen to be among the lucky ones, even though they do not occupy a position in management or an executive position they have an office of their own.
If you are one of those who do have an office if you are in this position may be you could share your office within someone who is tired one day – as well as take naps yourself.
Sleeping in the office, whether that be on the couch or under your desk, is a management trick as old the job position itself.
There is seldom any scrutiny, especially if you do not actually have a secretary. If you do have a secretary, there is also the opportunity to receive ample warning before somebody can catch you napping.
Better still, a secretary can actually protect you from somebody who could possibly catch you getting some shuteye. There is an element of loyalty there that is seldom matched in any environment.
4. Use the Car If You Must
There is honestly nothing ideal or even particularly unique about this one. People have been catching some sleep in their cars for years now. The one benefit of sleeping in your car during work hours is that it helps you avoid any level of scrutiny.
Once you step out of the office, few questions are ever asked about what you are doing out of the office. For all we know, you could be on your way to a client or on your way to pick your child up from school. Any number of things really.
The point is that under those circumstances, nobody can ever say they ever caught you sleeping. Whatever transpires at any disciplinary hearing, sleep will never come up in the conversation.
5. Sleep Sitting Up, While at Your Desk
Well, there are two options here. The first is less dramatic than the other. Firstly, you can give any colleague that matters the impression that you need some glasses. That your eyes are beginning to fail you.
Then go to a specialist and have them produce a set of glasses that are tinted. Convince everybody that your spectacles double up as reading glasses and sunglasses. That way, you can wear them in the office every time, without there ever being any questions asked.
You can also complicate matters if you wish, by just wearing sunglasses in the office, for no apparent reason. We suppose you will just have to convince colleagues that for some peculiar reason, you forgot to take those sunglasses off or that the sun is continuing to bug you in the office…somewhere and somehow.
Whichever option you adopt, the name of the game is to just close your eyes behind those glasses and nap while you are at work.
You do want to avoid your head tilting over completely or the prospect of you drooling during this covert operation. Just be aware that this will likely be a light sleep and probably not entirely comfortable either.
6. Find a Restroom Cubicle
We are now meddling in matters of hygiene here. Nobody wants to spend more time in the toilet cubicle than he/she has to. The smell is almost always unbearable and germs are likely to be everywhere.
However, if you are desperate to catch some shuteye, there are few plans that will beat this. Just avoid snoring and in order to avoid any scrutiny, maybe pick your feet up and place them against the wall of the cubicle. It is a lot of effort, we know.
However, what you do not want is somebody spotting your shoes and recognizing them when you walk out of the cubicle substantially later. You also do not want somebody entering the toilet, spotting your shoes and deciding to greet you while you are out cold.
Some doubts might emerge about your health and for all, we know a rescue team will be sent into the bathroom to resuscitate you…only to learn that you were just napping at work. Another way to avoid scrutiny is by convincing a colleague that you are actually ill and give them the impression that it has to do with something that you ate.
That way a prolonged absence from your desk might be suitably explained. Not a considerable amount needs to be said under these circumstances sometimes.
7. Speak to the Cleaning Lady
There is always a room somewhere in the office that nobody ever uses, except maybe the cleaning lady herself. There is also the distinct possibility that she uses that room for clandestine activities of her own.
Maybe you two could share a sleeping secret or sleeping secrets or you could just find out what her cleaning timetable is and sneak in there when she is not looking. Nobody in that entire office will search for you in the cleaning closet of all places.
Just make sure you only take a power nap and do not make it too much of a habit. There is the small matter of hygiene to be taken into consideration here.
8. Speak to God
We are beginning to clutch at straws now and should probably call it a day once we are done with this religious intervention. There are those among us who pray when we arrive at the office. There are those among us who pray when they leave the office and then there are those who pray midway through the workday. Let us ask no questions.
Maybe that person is just having a rough day at work and needs some form of divine intervention. Maybe that person just needs God’s backing ahead of a major meeting or presentation. For those among us who just need to sleep, this presents a somewhat glorious opportunity to produce a power nap of some note.
Pretend to be speaking to God by putting your palms together and closing your eyes. We imagine your lips will not be moving too much though. Do not let that bother you. It is a tiny, insignificant detail.
Maybe put a bible on your desk for good measure. Better still, have that bible open on an appropriate or seemingly relevant page. Basically, we are telling you to be creative here. Bosses miss the smallest things sometimes.
9. Put a Phone in Your Ear and Nap at Work
I know we had said we were done with this charade but leaving this sleeping technique off the list would have been a criminal act of epic proportions. Depending on the nature of your work, this might come in very handy.
If you are working in sales, journalism or any other field where a phone is an important tool, this trick will come in handy. What you do is you pick the phone up, stick it next to your ear and balance it with your shoulder.
For good measure, you can then maybe place a notepad in front of you on your desk and have a pen in your free hand. That is a great picture of a colleague who is hard at work, conducting business, searching for a new client or just conducting an interview.
Your lips will not be moving during this acting scene but who is to say you are not dealing with an extremely talkative person on the other side of the phone? Maybe the office just knows you as the listening type anyway. When your eyes are closed, the perfect explanation is that you were in the middle of a highly intense conversation.
There are too many aces at your disposal here, which you should use towards your favor.
10. Fix Your Network Cable Under the Desk
There is also the option to just lie down under your desk and pretend that you were fixing a computer-related problem. This is particularly handy if you work at a company where very few know anything about computers or where computer problems of this nature are regular.
Nobody will suspect a thing. Maybe make sure there is actually something wrong with your computer before you take that nap though. That way, nobody will question anything.
Finally, if all of these napping at work techniques fail, for whatever reason, do yourself a favor and get a government job. There is never any oversight on service delivery issues, so nobody will even bother if you are at your desk or not, let alone if you are sleeping or not.
Those in management positions at government jobs are seldom at work themselves anyway.
To Finish – How to Nap at Work Without Getting Caught
Don’t want to change jobs and do not feel as though you can catch a secret nap at work there is always lunch break or meal break right!
What about taking your own pillow to work – hide it in your locker or drawer – or roll up a sweater find a quiet place in the office or under your desk and get that nap.
Not able to do that? Find somewhere outside close to work – just remember to set your alarm so you can wake up in time to get back to work…
As always here’s to better sleep!
If you are really struggling at work take a look around my sleep site there is information here that can assist with various sleep issues.

|Excerpts from the Valley Ventura - 9/14/1907 to 12/7/1907|
The Valley Ventura was a newspaper that served northeastern Cumberland and part of western Atlantic Counties in the early years of the twentieth century. It's editor was a man with a keen interest in local history. Armed with a journalist's curiousity and with information he had gleaned from his other career as a surveyor, he produced a series of articles relating to the history of the area. They excerpts also include some local news.
This does not represent a full run of the paper. The issues referenced here reside at the Vineland Historical Society. They were discovered by Mark Demitroff and subsequently transcribed(with great care to preserve the original spelling and syntax) by Gail Benson. If you have any further information about this newspaper or know the location of other issues, please contact this site.
Mary C. Hutchings
September 14, 1907
Historical Sketches of Landisville By the Editor - Chapter I
Travellers over the N.J. Central R.R., between Vineland and Winslow Junction for long years had seen o solitary mansard roof brick building which stood opposite the place where the brakeman called out ³Landisville², and they wondered whether the infant town would ever grow.
But, cradled in the forest it continued to sleep on and on, until the hum of industry reached its ear from the near-by town of Minatola, when lo! it awoke, and surprised the travelles by its phenomenal growth in the few years pst.
It was awayback in the ³60s² that the little town was born, and Mrs. Chittenden and Mr. & Mrs. Ditman were the first purchases, and with indomitable courage they cleared a spot in the wilderness, and proceeded to build. Mre. Chittendon appears to have an intuitive presentiment that a town would eventually spring up as she put up the mansard roof brick building which still is stinding. This was the nucleus of the town, and afterwards became store, Post Offic, and Rail Road station, gave Landisville a place on the map.
Many an acre, Mr. Marcus Fry, the pioneer surveyor, surveyed when the region was a comparative wilderness, and he knows how discouraging the outlook was.
Mrss Chitienden opened the first store which was patronized mainly by Jersey famers, who found it more convenient than going to Downstown, ³Fislerville² (Clayton), or other places to do their trading.
Joseph Vannaman afterward kept a store there, as did also Mrs. Ditman, whose husband was the first Post Master. Mrs. Ditman has been a resident for more than forty years, and says there's only Landisville in the world, and she is satisfied to spend her remaining days here. She has watched its infant slumbers, and was present at its awakening, and has sesn the wonderful development of the last few years, and says the people are harmonious and law-abiding, prosperous, and happy, and she feels a deal of pride and satisfaction as she notes the changes.
To be csntiued.
September 21, 1907
ber the old house, a reminder of ³Ye olden time², would scarcely recognize it now.
Roy Lewis of Rosenhayn is Principal of the school here.
Mrs. Miller of Oak is going to move to Mrs. Somers' house on Tuckahoe avenue.
Mrs. Wm. H. Lore formerly of Vineland is the guest of Mrs. Israel Baker.
Mr. John Morris of Bridgeton, i visiting his son James and daughter Mrs. Rosanna Baker.
Miss Maud Corsiglia a popular young woman from Richland is Telegraph operator and station Agent at Buena.
Lawyer Reed's handsome new suburban home will soon be completed. It is finished throughout in the most up-to-date style. But we forgot it isn't a new house, but an old-one made over, and whose who remem- (first line apparently the continuation of this one)
Mrs. Lewis Brown is spending the week at Millville.
Mrs. Myrtie Laka of Atlantic city is visiting her sister Mrs. Jacob hager.
Chas. Wray's new house on Summer ave will soon be ready for occupancy.
A daughter was born last Friday to Mr. & Mrs. Weeks.
Mrs. Albert Ernest left Tuesday for a trip to Niagara Falls, taking advantage of the reduced fare, with a number of Vineland excursionists.
Mrs. Jennie, & Mrs. Harry Dickson have relurned from Port Elizabeth.
The Jonas Department store has been very fortunate in securing so accomplished a sales woman as Miss Emma Clark.
Mrs. Elizabeth Dubler, mother of Doctor Dubler, has been ill with serious complica- for the past eleven weeks, but is somewhat improved at this writing.
Mrs. Cline's valuable saddle horse died last Tuesday morning after a short illness, and there were some suspicios that it might have been poisoned.
³ATOUR AROUND the WORLD²
will be given this evening under the direction of the Epworth League. Five countries wili be visited, and the Oriental customs, dress and manners will be well worth seeing. A cordial invitation is extended to all who would like to see the Orient.
Mrs. C. Natillo of Phila., has been spending the summer with her father since the death of her mother, Mrs. Julia Minofia. She wishes to rent the farm before return- home.
Historical Sketches of Landisville By the Editor - Chapter II
Among those who have resided here the longest during recent years, the Martinelli Bros. Are probably the bet known. Andrew, who keeps a large hotel and boarding house, probably takes in more money than any one except his brother Dominick. They have lived in the vicinity upwards of twenty years. Dominick controls the largest business interests of any one in that section of South Jersey, except George Jonas of Minatola. He is an Italian by birth, and came to this country some years previous to his arrival here. After settling at Landisville, he engaged with Mr. Landis, the founper of Vineland, as agent and Interpreter, to represent his interests in the locality, and he was a very reliable and successful agent for ten our twelve years, when he started his business for himself. He has enlarged his business from time to time, until he now has, beside his Real Estate Office, a large Departmens store, a saw mill, a well-equipped machineshop, and a plumbing and steam fitting establishment.
Charles F. Reidel is one of the successful residents whose enterprise is seen in the large shipments of fruit and produce, and the nice home he has built opposite the R.R. station.
Mr. F. V. Dunfee formerly of Vineland is the popular Station Agent and Telegrpher, and attends to all the freight and shipping business.
Mr. R. Fughell came from Italy ten years ago, but has lived at Landisville only two, in which time he has established the first shoe store in the town, and stocked it with a well-selected line of goods.
Mr. Catvoli has been in America three years, and since coming to Landisville has built the first saw mili, and a large store & dwelling, and also has a blackfmith & wheel wright shop in connection with his mill.
Mr. Leonel is one of the enterprising business men who has built up a good trade. He has general store, and a wheelwright & blacksmith show oppocite. He has been here five years, and is well pleased with this part of Jersey.
Mr. Almero Francesca has the first meat market, also a well-filled sry,goods stote. The building is large, and is a great addition to the town.
Mr. Archibald Cook of east Oak road, is an old Vinelander, and has there 31 years. He is doing a good business as a Lumber Dealer and carries a good supply of all kinds of building material. He goes back and forth daily from his home on Oak road, east of Brewster, to his lumber, yard which is on the south side of the New Jersey Cen.
To be csntiued
September 28, 1907
Mr. Norman McConnell of Newtonville, is SupervisingPrinciple of the schools.
Mr. Phipps recently a teacher in the Phillippine is Principal of the village school.
Misses Bessie & Emma Tomlin of Atlantic city, and Mrs. John C. Taylor of Cape May C.H., have the guests of Mrs. Parsons.
Mr. & Mrs. Wm. Craig have moved from Atlantic city and will reside on Pacific ava.
Miss Bertha Edsal of Hammonton is the Intermediate techer, and Miss Minnie Cook the Primary at the Central school
Mrs. Walter Armstrong has returned to her home in Washington D.C., after a two months visit with her mother rs. Benjamin Vannaman, where she has been since the death of her father on August 24 th .
Historical Sketches of Landisville By the Editor Chapter III
George Sharp is among the number who have made for themselves comfortable homes surrounded by flowers and shrubbery in the outskirts of Landisville. He and his family came from Folsom six years ago and he is employed at the Glass factory.
Mr. & Mrs. Joseph Brown also belong to the the industrious and thrifty class whose flower embowered cottage bespeaks the taste of the inmates.
Mr. C.A. Gross who came from Bucks Co Pa., 37 yrs. Ago, has a nice home on Weymouth road north of the N.J. Central R.R. He has held several important offices beside attending to his farm. He served as town clerk four years and 3 yrs as Township Collector, and was also one of the Township Committee four years Mr. Gross has also taught school several years, and it will be seen by his recerd, that his life has been a busy one.
It was soon after the Vineland Railway was built to connect with the N.J. Southern that the late Charles K. Landis conceived the idea of establishing another town similar to Vineland which ahd such a phenomenal growth during its pioneer life, and it was ³Landisville: in his honor; but it did not develop as he had hoped it might, never-the-less he had hhpes that it might some- be the commercial center of a growing population who would clear the land, and till the soil. nd such it now is, - the centre from
Mr. Joseph Fair who lives about two miles west of the R.R. station between Forest Grove and Downstown, is one of the old settlers and came here from (cannot read begins with P). He brought with him the energy and force of character which always go to make a desirable citizen and a successful man. His well kept farm and nice home is a demonstration of the above facts.
We intended to finish the sketches of Landisville, and follow with a chapter of Buena; but, as it would necessarily be short, will wait until next week.
We are also preparing historical sketches of Downstown, Piney Hollow, or Victoria, Lake Malaga & Norma.
To be csntiued
October 5, 1907
Historical Sketches of Buena By the Editor - Chapter IV
The following lines were suggested by the ruins of an old charcoal mill which are seen on the Tuckahoe road afew rods west of Buena station on the W. & S.R.R. It was built sometime in the early part of the 19 th after the war of 1812, when the woods were full of charcoal pits, and the smoke curled upward from hundreds of charcoal burners' huts.
These cabins were of the most primitive structure imaginable, and contained only room devoid of comfort, there being no furniture except a rude bunk made of roughly hewn timder and benches and table of the same rude construction. The wants of these people were few. When their week's wages wore daid, they went to Millville, Malage, Bridgton, whichever town was nearest. They returged with a week's supply of eornmeal, whiskey, tobacco and porb.
The charcoal after being crushed was taken to Philadelphia with ox teams before the advent of horses, where it found a ready market. Charcoal beds and huts were still to be seen in the woods around Vineland as late as '67, but are very scarce now.
To be csntiued
THE OLD CHARCOAL MILL
Beside the road its ruins stand,
October 12, 1907
Mr. & Mrs. Winfield Berry have moved from Bridgeton to West Avenue.
Margarel & Banks, Contractors, are putting up a new dwelling corner of Lincoln avenue and Wheat road, for Mr. Savoli.
Mr.Chas. Chalmers Superintendent of the State Grange attended a special session of that body rast Saturday at Newton,Sussex Co. Over 100 took the 6 th Degree, and 68 took the Pomona Degree.
John Campbell & family of Oak roao ate ripe strawberries last Tuesday, and if their plants do as well as some which he had three years ago they will be picking and eating untll Thanksgiving Day. That year his last shipment was made on Movember 4 th , and on Thanksgiving Day Mrs Campbell took quarts to Phila., and they had been having all the month. the last berry was picked on Christmas; it was ripe, but was encased in ice.
R.W. CHEW'S RESTAURANT CENTRAL AVENUE, MINATOLA, N. J.
You can get OYSTERS in every style, Pie & Milk, Tobacco, Cigars & Soft Drinks,
SOUVENIR Post Cards. This is headquarters for them.
Passengers on the New Jersey Central train from New York last Wednesday evening, had an experience the will not forget.
Visions of hot suppers and a warm welcome at home danced through their brains as they approached Cedar Lake. But those hot suppers vanished when the road bloked by a coal car which lay across both tracks and no telegraph office within six miles!!
The only alternative for the passenger train was to back seven miles to Winslow Junction. dragging the freight cars which had been left oa the main track while the coalcarwas being shifted, and wire to Lakchurst, 38 miles away, for the wrecker, and then wait for it to pass.
In the mean time the rear coach of the passenger train had been transformed into a dining & sleeping car, and while a few of the belated travelers slept, most of them chatted and laughed and found the situa-amusing as well as vexing. But it was not until they had waited on the switch at Cedar Lake for three long freight trains to pass northward, and had again gotten under ³headway² that they really believed they would get home before morning.
Mrs. L. H. Miller, Mrs. W. P. Lyzo,t and the writer were the three Vineland women enjoyed(?) the free ride to Cedar Lake and (note: column ends abruptly and does not appear to continue elsewhere in the issue)
Historical Sketches of Buena - By the Editor Chapter V
(note that Oct 19 column is also labeled Chapter V)
Much relating to the pioneer life of the early settlers was lost, when they died, and all that remains is that which has been handed down through several generations. This is unfortunate not only for the people of today, but for future generations as well. Not even a moss-grown tombstone marks the last resting place of some of them, and it is reported that one of these old burial grounds was sold years ago, and plowed up
They lived and toiled amid great privations and discouragements, clearing the land which in those days was heavily timbered, building their log cabins and tilling the soil. Those who have inherited these lends can have no idea of the privations and inconvenience experienced by thos pioneers when southern Ndw Jersey was a ³howlin' wilderness.² Their corn was sometimes toted on their backs to Cumberland or Bridgeton to before the mill was built at Malaga, and those jonrneys were not unfraught with daugers from wild beasts. Bears, wolves, panthers, & wild cats were found in the woods, and often made the nights hideous with their cries.
Fortunately for those pioneers, deer and other wild game were plentiful, while turkeys, geese, pidgeons & pheasants could be killed at any time. Wild fruits & nuts grew everywhere, and were a God-send to these people.
Among the prominent names of first laudholders, were the Campbells, Cakes, Bakers, Vananmans and Morrises.
Theold house built by Mr. Archibald Campbell more than 100 years ago, is still standing on the Tuckahoe road about half a mile southeast of Buena station. The tiny window panes, 4x6 inches, and the heavy doors, with hinges two feet in length are still thers to prove its antiquity, and Benjamin Campbell the present owner and occupant says he means to keep them as long as he can. He is one of ten children born to Mr & Mrs. Archibald Campbell, during the first half of the last century, and four grandchildren and a great-grand daughter also born uuder the same roof, make four generations wnic have been sheltered there, and called it home some of whom nave passed out to make for themselves homcs elsewhere. The great grand child was a daughter born to Mr. & Mrs. Gardur Campbell of Medford.
The old well dug a century ago, is still there, where the four generations with mana a thirsty travller have quenched their hirst, while they rested under the shade of the giant trees.
Mr Campbelt keeps a house of entertain-foi hunters who come from all parts of the state during the season.
To be continued
The poem THE OLD CHARCOAL MILL which was in the October 5 issue and copied above appeared in this issue as well below Chapter V.
October 19, 1907
Historical Sketches of Buena By the Editor - Chapter V
The oldest of the original settlers of Buena now living is Mr. John Morris who resides in Bridgeton. He will be 89 on the 14 th of next November, and is in the enjoyment of good health. His mind is clear, and his faculties unimpaired, which is remarkabl for one of so advanced an age.
He livdd at Buena upwards of 65 years, long before Vineland was started, or thought when the tract lying between Malaga and May's Landing & Bridgeton was a wilderness, broken here and there by an old Jersey farm. A few of the old houses still remain, but some have been torn down, and others have been modernized.
The nearest Post Office was Millville, eleven miles distant Mr. & Mrs. Morris raised a large family, and be has lived to se them well-settled in life.
Mr. Morris in contrasting the early scenes with which he was familiar, with those of today, notes with pleasure the changes which have taken place throughou, the surrounding country. Factory whistles, hum of machinery, blasts of the locomotive are heard instead of the scream of the panther, hoot of the owl, and howl of the wolf.
The oldest land-mark of which Buena can boast is the hotel corner of Tuckahoe and Wheat, or Maule's Bridge road, as it was formerly called. This hotel was built in 1779 by Mr. John Campbell, Great-great-grand-father of Mrs. U. A.Creamer of Vineland.
It will be seen that the old hotel is nearly as old as the Declaration of Independence. It was called ³Campbell's Tavern² until after the Mesican War, when it was givena he Spanish name, Buena Vista by Mr. Geo.B. Cake Sr., who purchased it of Mr. John Madden in 1848, who had owned it since 1832. The town has been known by that euphonious title since, until recently ³Vista² was dropped because there is another town by that name in the state.
It was for many years the Relay house for the stage lines on Maule's Bridge and Tuckahoe roads, where the horses were exchanged for fresh ones.
If the o'd hotel could speak, it might tell strange tales of what it has seen and heard around the blazing hearth in the bar-room, and dining room where the guests used to sit and tell of the adventures of their Gran-thers with the Indians, and in the Revolutionary War, and the war of 1812.
21 years of the 18 th century, 100 of the 19 th , and seven of the 20 th , have left their whirling record behind, and still the old relic of a hundrod years keeps its vigils as it did in the Long ago. But a different element now crosses the threshold. It is no longer the way-traveller of the stage coach, going back and forth from Philadelphia, unless they are traveling in an automobile, because the electric & steam cars ca-ry the on-rushidg people. Mr Joseph Guiffra is the present owner.
A few years ago a large old-time dwelling stood on the opposite corner from the old hotel. This was known as the home of Mr. & Mrs. Ferrill, and family, wholeft there about 30 years ago. Their daughter Annie became the wife of Mr. U. A. Creamer, and although the old place i. Endeared by a thousand fond ties, yet her social and religious interests are identified with Vineland.
Lawyer Reed, who came to Buena twenty years ago from Philadelphia, is the present owner of the Ferrell home, and has had it re-modelled so that it bears little resemblance to the old home of the Ferrelrs.
Mr. Ferrell was one of the best and most infludntial os Buena's residents.
Lawyer Reed came in quest of health, and found it in a short time; but the great seasids resorts were not booming then, and Lakewood was unknown.
He is a native of Dover, Del., where he practiced law 20 years previous to going to Phila., where he remained three years.
Mr. Reed was a member of the Legislature in Delaware in 1867, and ran on the Douglas ticket in 1860. He has Chosen Free Holder nineteen years, and on the ticket again.
But he is also a successful farmer. He bo't a farm on the Tucahoe road north west of the town when he first came to Buena, where he and his family resided until the daughter and two Sons were married and went to homes of sheir own. Mrs. Reed who is fond of society, has found country-life very lonely. Lawyer Reed af Atlantic city, who is President of the Board Walk National Bank, is Mr. & Mrs. Reed's younger son. Their elder son is in business in Philadelphia.
To be csntiued
October 26, 1907 should have had Chapter VI, but it does not appear. Picks up with chapter VII on November 2 Please note that the column on October 19 is a full column and perhaps was intended to be two chapters and cover two weeks.
November 2, 1907
Historical Sketches of Buena By the Editor Chapter VII
Frank, son of ³Uncle Archie² Campbell was not satisfied to settle down in Jersey's most of his ancestors had done, consequent, he broke away from the old scenes, and associations, and went to Virginia more than forty years ago. Two of his daughters, Mrs. Irrick and Mr. Hornsby with their husbands and families, came to Bueac about 18 years go, where they have since lived. Mr. Irrick and Mr. Hornsby bought adjoining farms on Wheat road, near Buena station, which they keep in a good state of cultivation. The former was with Dr. Cook the state Geologist, and Dr.Bowser when they made the geological survey. Heis well informed as to the altitude of New Jersey and it is very interesting to hear him explain how they find the altitude of any point, and the accuracy with which the scientific survey was mabe.
Simeon S. Brown who lives on the north side of Wheat road opposite the abov, was born at Dorchester, this state, but came to Buena in childhood. He is employed asadriver by the Geo. Jonas Co. His wife is a daughter of the lase Phillip and Mrs. Rosanna Baker, life-long residents of Buena. The Baker homestead is on Tuckahoe road, west of the station, where Baker and son Phillip Jr. reside. She is a daughter of Mr. John Morris, the oldest survivor of Buena's old-time residents, a sketch of whose life has already been published.
Mr. & Mrs. CharlesWray whose lovely uburban home is near the Buena cross road are among the best known and most influential of the later residents. They have always been hospitabre, and public spirited, and their nome is the center of attraction for for old and young who enjoy the social gatherings, and Church festivities.
Mr. Wray is a pillar in the church and has held various offices of trust outside. To him was assigned the pleasant task of writing the history of the church the famous old ³Friendship church,² of which we read so frequently. And he has done it well. He presented us with a copy and we found it very interesting and well-written, and shows evidence of much research. Mr. Wray kindly gave us permission to glean any information we might desire for publication. Appreciateing his kindness, we gladly availed ourself of the oppo.tunity, we shall next wcek give a sketch of the old church.
John Newman, who lives on Tuckahoe road opposite Mrs. Rosanna Baker, formerly tived in Vineland. It was during the early years, when the town was new, when only two Grocery stores flourished here, aud there was no Baker House, but the ³Cumberland Hotel² stood where the former now stands. His wife is a daughter of Mrs. Baker.
To be continued
November 2, 1907
Historical Sketches of Buena By the Editor Chapter VIII
Ninety nine years is to most people more than a life-time, and today as we take up the histor of the old ³Friendship² church which covers that period, we note the vast changes which have taken place everywhere. Kingdoms have arisen and passed away; Empires have crumbled; Republios have been born; the greatest scientific discoveries the world has ever know have been made, and the advancement in knowledge and inventions are such as no one had ever dreamed of, and are startling in their magnitude and importance.
Many changes have taken place around the old church since it was built in 1808.
The deed, which is the only authentic record of the church to be had.is dated May 8 th 1808and was recorded in the Gloucester county clerk's office on November 4 th of that year. This deed was given by William & Hope Hollinshead, and is supposed to have been a gift to the church the grantors, as only the nominal price of $1.00 is usmed.
The first Trustees were John Smith, Joel Stewart, William Ackley, John Veal, John Veal, John Smith, Jr., George Smith and Thomas Champion. The following namesof later trustees are also foun l on th back of the deed: Elected July 29 th . 1824. John Veal, Wm. Ackley, Aquilla Downs, Nathan Girard and Henry Veal; elected June 26 th 1860, Chartes Dowus secretary, Gco. Down, Wesley Vannaman, Ambrose Pancoast and Archibald Campbell. The last election written on the old deed was June 4 th 1866, viz; Osborn Downs, Pres.: John Walker Dewns sec.; Geo. Downs, Treas.
The first ³Circutt Pre chers² wereRevs Benjamin Iliff & Daniel Higby who were the faithful ministers in 1803,when this regeon was an almost unbroken wilderness; when the this grand Republic was in its infancy, and ndt the mistress of the world as she is today; when the Methodist church was only 24 years old, having been organized in 1784,and had comparatively few adherents, and had not grown to such magniiceut proportions. It has long been a source of wonder why this church was built in so isolated a place instead of near a settlement, but it is probable that the location was not of their choosing, but being a gift was received with grataful hearts and being central was easy of access to the sparsely settled districts.
The farm on Weymouth road near the N.J.C.R.R., was uon all accounts, the clearing nearest to the church, and it was in this house which was standing on that farm when the church was built, that the meetings were first held. This old dwelling was burned in September 1855. It is a matter for much regret that so many of the old landmarks, around which there clusters so much of historic value, could not have been preserved.
In 1808, May's Landing and Millville, the nearest towns, were only small villages, and Bridgeton was not much larger.
To be continued
November 16, 1907
Historical Sketches of Downstown By the Editor - Chapter IX
One of the most striking and pleasing features of the old towns is the grand old trees one sees everywhere. Each town visited has more or less of them. They stand by the roadsides, in groups on the lawn, or or in groves at the rear their giant . measuring from nine to eighteen feet in circumference, while their giant limbs reach out in every direction, and afford a grateful shade in summer. You can always know when yoy are approaching an old town by the large trees. They give the town an air of antiquity, and much to the picturesque beauty.
Salem, Bridgeton, Greenwich and all the old Jersey towns, whether in north, south, or central New Jersey, are noted for their old trees, and when one looks at them, they point to the past to Revolutionary times.
Aquilla Down was the first settler in the quaint little hamlet which was named for him. He baught 3000 acres in the heart of the forest, remote from any settlement, and built the first house and barn, the latter of which is still standing on the road which goes to Forest Grove, about half a mile east of where the school house now stands. They were built of hewn timber, in the most durable manner. The house w s replaced with a larger and more pretentious one some time during the last century.
It must have real of courage on the part of Aquilla Down and his good wife to set- in such a wilderness, but they came of good old stock, and were not easily daunted. But it would riy the courage of some of Grandmother Downs great-grand daughters if they were living in the woods two miles from any house, and had to spin wool or flax as she did while she rocked the cradle with one oot, and listened to the wolves howling not far away. It would also try them if they saw a bear come out of the woods, seize a sheep and get away with it.
Mr. Down gave each of his children a farm so that the large estate was in the family for many years. Mr. Puglio, a successful Italian farmer now owns the original homestead. It seems a pity that it could not have been retained in the family instead of pesing to strangers.
To be continued
November 23, 1907 no heading, but appears to be a continuation ends in mid-sentence with no indication of a continuance. What is there reads as follows:
Mr. & Mrs. Aquilla Downs had five sons and two daughters, viz., Osborn, Charles, John, George, and Jesse, Aunr Sarah Berry & Aunt Keziah Kandle. Their descendants are widely scattered, through the far west, and throug nearby states while a great mano are found in this locality. Only two now reside at Downstown, William Comer and Charles D. Pancoast, both of whom are geat grand sons of Aquilla Downs.
Mr. Comer resides at the intersection of Brewster, Forest Grove and Williamstown roads' He has always been anxious that the town might develop, and has been identified with the administration of township affairs in various ways. He is extensively engaged in crnnberry culture.
Charles D. Pancoast is proprietor of the old Downstown saw mill which, although it stands in the heart of the town, has not seen the light of three centuries as some of the old houses have. It was built in 1862, when this country was in the throes of the Civil War. Before tha, time lumber for the resieents of this locality and for miles in all directions, were obliged to go to Pancoast's mill several miles east of Buena. This mill was built more than a hundred years ago, by Champion Campbell, a relative of Uncle
November 30, 1907
Historical Sketches of Downstown By the Editor Chap. XI
Through some mistake the blame for which has not been located, there was a terrible mix-up in last weeks historical sketches. The heading was entirely left out, chapter and all, the ending was abrupt, and a most interesting part missing. As it closed with the middle of a sentence, this chapter commences wheret the other left off.
Archie Campbell, a sketch of whose life was published several weeks ago, but the mill which we wish to consider is the Downstown mill mentioned in the foregoing chapter. This old mill has been running continuously since 1862, except when shut down for slight repairs. The engine is one of the old Marine engines built by Merrick & Sons Phila., in 1850. It had been thrown away for old iron when Mr. Pancoast's father, who had gone to Phila., to purchase an engine, discovered, brought it home, and it was setup and has always given satisfaction. Mr. Pancoast is very proud of its record. The smokestack of this mill is 55 feet high, aud contains 50,000 brick,and 100 perch of stone. The steam whistle can be heard for miles.
It was impossible to trace all the descendents of Aquilla Downs without going a deal of expense, which would not pay, consequently, weceu meetion only a few.
Charles, the second son has numerous descendents in this locality, and among them maybe mentioned the family of his daughter Sarah, wife of J.A. Ross. Their home is on the Tuckahoe road, or what is known ou the east side of Tuckahoe road, and on the west side as Malaga road. This place is now owned by Mr. A. Ahquist who has lived there ten years. The house is a very ancient one and bears the unmistakable marks of age being built of hewn timber, and put together with large wooden pegs. A ³Raising² in those days was a great affair. The men of the neighborhood were invited, and when one side of the frame was ready, they all began to lift, while the foreman shouted, ³He-oh he, he oh he, he-oh heave er up² and then how quickly it went up!
Mr Ross' family consisted of four daughters and three sons, as follows:
Mrs. Whitaker, of Merchantville; Charles D. Ross, Malaga; Mrs. Lewis Pierson, Mrs Phillip Unsworth, Mrs. Thomas Bowman, & William D. Ross of Vineland. A half-brother is living elsewhere. The family is influetiyl one, and much respected.
To be continued
December 7, 1907
Historical Sketches of Downstown By the Editor Chap XII
It should have been stated in a previous chapter, that the Downstown steam mill was the first one located anywhere in the vicinity, and was a great curlosity to the pecple who had never seen one run in any other way than by water, with a mill dam and a ponderous wheel. Bul it was a great convenience, and the lumber could be sawed to much beteer advantago as it did not have to be hauled so far.
Jesse, & Cathrine Downs had seven sons, and six daughters, all of whom lived to a good old age except one who died at three years of age. Mrs. Priscilla Chew of Minorola, is one of them. She was born at Downtown, and lived there until a few years ago, but memory clings to the old home around which cluster so many tender reminiscences. Mrs' Chew is a very interesting woman and always gives her friends a warm weleome at her cozy home on Pacis'c avenue, where she spends most of her time. Her only son Dr. Elisha Chew lives in Atlantic city and has a luerative practice. He looks after his mother with the greatest devotion.
Ends with . To be continued (this is the last issue in the volume)
Copyright 2002-2013 West Jersey History Project

Machine7 specialise in Parts, Spares and Accessories for Air-cooled VW Bug, Beetle, Bus, Camper, Karmann Ghia and Type-3.
Our extensive range of stock covers standard service, restoration and performance parts. Top quality at competitive prices.
Choosing the correct length shock absorber for your lowered vehicle is straightforward, but does involve you getting the tape measure out.
We have produced a help guide below, which explains the procedure step by step, and also contains an FAQ section.
It is important for you to choose the correct length shock absorber for your vehicle, by doing so, you will ensure that the shock absorber has sufficient upwards movement, as well as sufficient downwards movement once fitted.
Failure to do this, can result in shocks that 'bottom out' or 'top out' when the vehicle is being driven, which could cause adverse handling and also detract from the enjoyment of driving.
The flip side, is that a well chosen shock absorber, properly measured to suit to the vehicle, and then fine tuned by you ... the driver, to suit your driving style, will improve the roadholding as well as the enjoyment that the car brings.
We have produced this guide to make this nice and easy, simply follow the steps below.
Hopefully any questions that you might have will be answered along the way (and there's an FAQ at the end, just in case).
My vehicle is standard height, do I need to take measurements?
If you are sure that your vehicle has never been lowered, then you don't need to take measurements.
You can choose a shock absorber from our standard size Spax range, which are listed by model and year, rather than by style and size. These shocks have exactly the same features as the custom size items, the only difference is that you don't need to measure anything. If you are unsure as to whether the vehicle has been lowered, following our measuring procedures will ensure that you get the correct shock absorber for the vehicle.
Can I simply measure my existing shock absorbers?
We wouldn't recommend this route, as the previous owner may not have used the correct size shock absorber.
If you are sure that the existing shock absorbers are not 'Bottoming out' or 'Topping out' then you will be OK to go this route (we would still recommend measuring as per our procedures, to be 100% sure though).
Can I take measurements without removing my shock absorbers?
We wouldn't recommend this, as the previous owner may not have used the correct size shock absorber.
We have encountered standard size shock absorbers being fitted to many lowered vehicles, the shock absorbers would be 'Bottomed out' and effectively holding the car up higher than it should have been.
Hence taking measurements with the shocks still on, would give a totally false measurement and result in the wrong shock absorbers being fitted.
The only way to know for sure, is to remove the existing shock absorbers and ensure the vehicle is resting at it's natural height, then taking proper measurements.
Where do I take my measurements from (Style 1 Shock Absorbers)?
For Style 1 shock absorbers, you should take your top measurement from the hole at the top of the axle beam strut, as shown in Figure 1 (but obviously with the shock absorber removed).
This effectively means that you are measuring from the 'centre' of the top bush on the shock absorber, as shown at the top of Figure 2.
The bottom measurement should be taken from the 'centre' of the bottom mounting stud.
Where do I take my measurements from (Style 2 and 3 Shock Absorbers)?
For Style 2 and Style 3 shock absorbers, you should take your measurement from the 'centre' of the mounting bolts or studs that hold the shock absorber in place, both top and bottom, as indicated by Figure 1 and Figure 2 (but obviously with the shock absorber removed).
I just have a rolling chassis at the moment, how does this affect things?
We wouldn't recommend taking measurements until the body is refitted and built up again, and hence the vehicle has it's full road weight.
This will make a big difference in the ride height of the vehicle, hence measuring up prior to this stage would result in shock absorbers that are too long.
I am fitting dropped spindles to my vehicle, does this make a difference?
If you are using dropped spindles alone, without any other lowering device, then you can choose standard length shock absorbers from our Spax range.
I am fitting dropped spindles to my vehicle, but I am also using Axle adjusters, does this make a difference?
If you are combining dropped spindles with axle adjusters or another lowering device, then you will need to take measurements from the vehicle, as per our procedures.
You will most likely end up using an intermediate length shock absorber, even if the vehicle is very low, due to the dropped spindles.
What does 'Compression' mean?
Alongside each custom length Spax shock absorber, we show the size of the shock absorber when totally compressed, to it's shortest length.
Once the shock absorber is fitted to the vehicle, if the vehicle moves downwards, hence the shock absorber closes / gets shorter, this is called 'Compression'.
You should aim to fit a shock absorber that once fitted, has 70% of the stroke of the shock absorber available for compression, to allow for downward movement of the vehicle. At an absolute minimum, 50% compression is acceptable, as long as this is not less than 50mm.
What does 'Extension' mean?
Alongside each custom length Spax shock absorber, we show the size of the shock absorber when totally extended to it's longest length.
Once the shock absorber is fitted to the vehicle, if the vehicle moves upwards, hence the shock absorber opens up / gets longer, this is called 'Extension'. In normal road use, extension happens less than compression, hence the reason that you need to allow for less.
What does 'Stroke' mean?
Stroke is a just a technical word for the amount of movement that a shock absorber is capable of, it is the difference between the extended figure, and the compressed figure.
For example, a shock absorber that is 230mm compressed, and 330mm extended, has a stroke of 100mm.
I'm stuck, I have got my measurements, but I can't decide on the correct size to go for. What do I do?
Simply send us an email via the 'Contact Us' page on the website, and let us know the following information -
Any suspension modifications that have been performed
'Bolt to Bolt' measurement from your vehicle, as explained in the 'How to'
Unfortunately we cannot help without having the 'Bolt to Bolt' measurement.
We should be able to quickly assist you in selecting the correct shock absorber for your vehicle.
If your vehicle has not been lowered, then you should purchase your shock absorbers from the standard height range

Christmas Mallows Cone Bag
Size: 20x175gr. more...
Items 1-15 of 15
Nobel Importing & Distributing
Importer & Distributor of fine gourmet and food service products.
We are committed to the brands we represent and will continue to bring new and exciting products into the marketplace. Nobel Importing will to strive in exceeding the expectations of all our customers as we continue to grow.

Tomorowland takes place over two weekends in Boom, Belgium this July. The premiere electronic music festival revealed it’s line up over five videos in line with their resurrection of the 2012 theme Book of Wisdom. Seasoned veterans like David Guetta, who has played at every Tomorrowland to date, will be returning. Other headliners like Above & Beyond, Afrojack, Armin van Buuren, The Chainsmokers, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, Fisher, Martin Garrix, and NGHTMRE & SLANDER (Present Gud Vibrations) were announced in addition to many more. Continuing their trend of adding more hip-hop and rap, the line up also included Young Thung and A$AP Rocky.
The first five announcements can be seen below:
Above & Beyond | Adam Beyer | Armin Van Buuren | A$Ap Rocky
Boris Brejcha | Carl Cox | The Chainsmokers | Charlotte De Witte |Fisher | Helena Hauff | Infected Mushroom – Retro Live Show |Joris Voorn | John O’Callaghan & Bryan Kearney Present Key 4050| Nghtmre B2B Slander Present Gud Vibrations| Paul Van Dyk”
Aly & Fila | Armand van Helden | Camelphat | Claptone
Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike | Flux Pavilion | Lost Frequencies | Martin Garrix|Nervo | Oscar and the Wolf | Radical Redemption | Robin Schulz
Solomun | SJRM | Tale of Us
Afrojack | Ben Nicky | Cosmic Gate | Da Tweekaz | Dax J | DJ Diesel
DJ Snake | Don Diablo | Ferry Corsten | Oliver Heldens | Pan-Pot
Roger Sanchez | Salvatore Ganacci | Timmy Trumpet | Yves V
Alison Wonderland | Eric Prydz | Fjaak | Maceo Plex | Martin Solveig
Mike Williams | Nina Kraviz | Stephan Bodzin | Steve Aoki
Sven Vath | W&W | Young Thug
Yves Deruyter | Zatox | Zeds Dead
A-Trak | Alesso | Amelie Lens| Astrix | Bedoun | Black Coffee | David Guetta | J Balvin | Loco Dice | Loud Luxury| Mark With Ak | Netsky | Purple Disco Machine | Richie Hawtin | Solardo | Tchami & Malaa | Vini Vici
The Worldwide Ticket Sale for Tomorrowland 2019 starts tomorrow at 17h00 CET. Make sure that you already have an account and buy tickets here.

FREE DELIVERY with 3 Burrata Cheese
Get in touch with us
Guaranteed safe & secure checkout
Bune Shimeji Mushroom has a pleasant, firm, slightly crunchy texture and a slightly nutty flavour.
Methods of preparation is similar to Enoki Mushroom.
More than 17,000 Families

Well, the morning starts off talking about the Alabama election but quickly takes an uptick as we welcome the Montgomery High School Madrigal Singers into the studio. Like a clown car or can of sardines, we pack in about 30 singers to regale us with some awesome music! Tune in to learn about their upcoming concert.
Mornings with Lone Star is SPONSORED By
Check out past shows

Sonny Colbrelli became the first Italian to win the Paris-Roubaix in 22 years when he prevailed on his debut in a three-man sprint finish at the end of a gruelling race on Sunday.
You can rewatch 2021 Paris-Roubaix HERE
His whole body caked in mud after 257.7 kilometres featuring 30 cobbled sectors, Colbrelli burst into tears as he collapsed on the grass of the Roubaix Velodrome after triumphing in the first rain-hit edition of the Hell of the North since 2002.
The European champion pipped Florian Vermeersch (Lotto Soudal) and Mathieu van der Poel (Alpecin-Fenix), who were second and third respectively.
Van der Poel came up just short after doing most of the work in a small group chasing Gianni Moscon, who seemed to be heading to victory before a puncture and late crash ruined his chances.
Moscon (Ineos-Grenadiers) eventually finished fourth, 44 seconds off the pace, leaving his compatriot Colbrelli to become the first Italian to win here since Andrea Taffi in 1999.
“Today is a legendary Roubaix with the rain and the weather at the start and an attack with 90km to go after Arenberg,” said Colbrelli.
“I followed only Van der Poel in the finale and in the end I had a super sprint. I was at the limit in the finale. It was super difficult because I had to pay attention for the crashes from the first sectors and then there’s always the stress to be in position on the cobbles. This year is my year, I’m very happy.”

It was 25 degrees today, but the wind had died down and most of the chickens were standing around in the sun. I brought them cabbage leaves and stems (I’d made a “Chinese Chicken Salad” a la 1980 — a classic). The few girls in the henhouse came hurrying out for the treat. All 10 hens were at my feet. But where was Candy? Not in the yard, not in her hutch, and not, from what I could see peering through the little chicken door, in there on the henhouse floor. She loves cabbage and I was a tad concerned that she wasn’t hopping over. So, I went into the coop and there she was – settled in nice and comfy in the bottom right-hand nesting box! She had on the expression of a broody hen. No doubt Candy knows that the very nesting box she had claimed is the chickens’ favorite. Another rabbit joke played on the girls? Or simply Candy realizing that what the hens like, she might, too. We’ll have to watch and see what the girls do when they notice that their number-one box has been claimed by a bunny.

Ballast Nedam annual results 2021
Looking at the financial results, our revenue has grown by over 18%, up to € 874.1 million. This is primarily realised from our construction activities, residential- and non-residential buildings and infrastructure. In addition, the Development- and Heavy Industries divisions made a strong contribution. The profit for the year of € 12.8 million improved the shareholders’ equity to € 77.1 million. The working capital ratio of Ballast Nedam improved to 1.3 (2018: 1.1) and the cash position of the company at year end amounted to € 201.0 million (2018: € 146.2 million).
We realised an increased quality of the order intake and a solid order book of € 1.5 billion. Therefore, under ordinary circumstances, a significant part of the 2020 revenue is already secured and continued growth is possible. The completion of legacy projects, enhancement of risk management, the current cash surplus and further improved quality of the ‘design and engineering’ functions provide management with additional flexibility in its operations and execution of its strategy.
We manage the process of selective and strategic tendering, from contract negotiations up to the execution. We are also able to oversee risks, assess their possible impact and have more control over what we do. Our international excellence in Building Information Modeling is one of the methods that makes this possible. A trusting relationship and transparency towards our stakeholders, create better results as we come to smarter and more efficient decision-making. With small expert teams and strong leaders in the right places, we can accomplish the most complex project assignments.
Several new projects were granted to us in 2019 such as the HES Hartel Tank Terminal Project in Rotterdam (Ballast Nedam Heavy Industries), also in Rotterdam Tuinbuurt Vrijlandt (Ballast Nedam Development), the Feringa Building: a new large building at the University of Groningen (Ballast Nedam Building Projects) and the S-Bahntunnel in Munich (Ballast Nedam Marine & Civil).
At one of our most sustainable projects, the Airside Pier at Schiphol, the first contours of the new glass facade are visible. While in Vlaardingen and Rozenburg, the first marks in our landscape are visible at the Blankenburg connection between the A20 and A15. It is the basis for better accessibility of the region. All tests for the Gaasperdammertunnel (A9) were completed. We are working hard on the phased opening of the tunnel this spring. Our people are currently working under challenging circumstances at the CoolTower in Rotterdam, which is a perfect example of our ability to build complex high rises.
We focus on minimising the footprints we leave on our environment and we take actions to embrace our corporate social responsibility. Sustainability has become a commonality in many aspects of our company and continues to have our attention. Also safety has our special attention for we want to keep our promise to all people who work for Ballast Nedam: to arrive home safely at the end of the day.
One of the uncertainties we face is new case law and legislation in the field of nitrogen and PFAS. We do not currently expect this to have a significant impact on sales and performance in 2020. The virus COVID-19 has become a pandemic disease and, as a result, the whole of the Netherlands is experiencing macro-economic uncertainty. The virus disrupts economic activity and harms society. The pandemic will affect our development and construction activities, for example, through the availability of materials, staff and the realisation of delivery times. We are currently experiencing the first consequences of this. It is still difficult to estimate the extent to which this will have an effect. Ballast Nedam will continue to follow the policy and advice of the Dutch National Institute for Public Health and the Environment (RIVM). We will do our utmost to continue our business operations and construction sites as well as possible. The most important thing is to keep our people safe and healthy. We are also reaching out to the Dutch government and trust in their support for all our stakeholders, the entire sector, for the entire country.
If the impact of the macro-economic situation remains under control, we expect to grow further, both nationally and internationally. Several institutions predict pressure on the growth in the Dutch construction industry in the coming years, ranging from a limited growth to a decrease. We plan to grow in upcoming years due to the added value we have created with our international network, contracts and supply chain and our ability to accept and execute projects abroad. We benefit from our close relationship with our parent company Rönesans. We believe that the industry requires a much more international approach. We would even state that the Dutch construction industry can only expand by embracing an international approach to executing projects. In line with our international growth ambition, Ballast Nedam Parking acquired the majority in Stripe Consulting Ltd. based in the United Kingdom in 2019.
In the coming years we will continue to improve all aspects of our company, for we will always strive for the better version of ourselves. We will also continue on the path we have set out on. We will accomplish this by our way of working and with our bold entrepreneurial spirit. We seek flexible solutions together with our clients; that way we remain a preferred partner within the industry.
Have a look in our new Dutch or English online brochure for more information about our projects, our people and how we work. Would you like to receive a printed version? Send an email to email@example.com.
*Underlying EBITDA 2019 excluding IFRS 16 effects amounts to € 12.0 million.

Access to Capital
Increase access to capital for new technology-related business development and business expansion.
Increase access to capital for new technology-related business development and business expansion. Capital availability is an important element for building an economic environment in which new technology businesses can become established and where existing businesses can expand operations.
- Help increase awareness of, and access to, capital to fund technology-oriented venture and investments
- Support the establishment of a technology mutual fund to provide greater access to capital and increased options for both investors to be connected to new and expanding businesses and to make access to capital easier for new and expanding businesses.
- Create a network of investors, entrepreneurs, technology experts and business professionals that can serve as mentors to help new and growing technology businesses.
- Encourage state policy to support angel tax credits in both Missouri and Kansas for small technology businesses.
- Encourage the availability and use of new capital methods, including crowd sourcing tools such as Kickstarter to raise resources for new companies.
Benefits and Outcomes
- Environment where technology businesses are able to gain access to the capital necessary to grow their business.
- Established leadership group able to monitor the availability of resources and advance recommendations for improvements
- Robust networking opportunities to support technology- related business development.
- KC SourceLink, UMKC Innovation Center
- Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation
- Greater Kansas City Chamber Big 5 Initiative
- Missouri Dept. of Economic Development
- Kansas Department of Commerce

Moving issues from one land to a different would seem complex, and it is, thinking of each of the authorized variables involved. In addition to all of this, there are lots of interesting options to look at when shipping from China to Indonesia.
One of the most interesting is the import goods service from china (jasa import barang dari china) because of its possibilities. With this, it will likely be easy to gain access to an entire items transfer support that might be practical.
By far the most exciting is that it could have advantages that will make the consumer constantly satisfied. Do not miss out on the opportunity to gain access to a medium sized such as this. The number of choices are amazing with this room.
Exactly why is this such a acknowledged assistance?
Many reasons make a section like this popular, but these are the most popular good reasons. The biggest thing is that this import service from china (jasa import dari china) has gained recognition due to its practical experience.
Then you can accessibility a brief assistance since the shipments are made immediately, without the need of unnecessary returns. The charge will probably be very low to ensure the value of customs, transfer taxes, and also other factors will be provided.
You will have no worry concerning the minimal shipment, a typical dilemma when import goods from china (import barang dari china). Additionally, the specialized services will be outstanding, and the goods will likely be managed using the attention and issue they are worthy of.
The other qualities does this service have?
A number of other aspects make this moderate very well valued, and others are its alternatives from the services. The buyer can select maritime transfer or atmosphere freight, all this conditioned to get the most beneficial vacation.
Besides that, the alibaba shopping service (jasa belanja alibaba) even offers store shopping attributes which are super handy to look at. Additionally, there’s a good amount of details on the net, so you’ll have assurance through the entire delivery process, irrespective of what.
It really is time to reward twice by way of a specially conditioned support to make you satisfied. Tend not to continue to be without having attempting it get your merchandise from The far east without having difficulty. You will see the main difference in treatment method.

I had a stunning realization recently. My expectations in life are a direct result of the questions I am asking myself on a daily basis. When we ask ourselves questions from our brain’s neural grooves that have been habituated over time – we don’t have access to the things we really desire in life.
Well that sucks!
When our brains run on autopilot and we repeatedly ask things like, “Why me?” “Why’s it always so hard?” “Why can’t I ever get ahead?” (sound familiar?) – the answers we receive – show up as our life experiences.
Well that sucks!
They support those limiting beliefs that are part of the neural groove. So we actually don’t even get the answers we seek. We just get more of the same. More challenges. More missed opportunities. More struggle. More dissatisfaction. More disappointments.
But what if we started asking different questions? Questions that excited you? Created hope? Possibility? And activated you? What if you asked, “How can I make a difference in the world?” “How can I best share with the world my unique gifts?” “What do I have to do to affect millions of people in a positive way through the work I am doing?” “How can I have more fun? More love? Feel more empowered in everything I do?”
Wow. Doesn’t asking those questions immediately begin to change you? Change how you feel about yourself? Change what you think is possible?
Homework: Watch the video. For the next week start asking questions that empower you. Inspire you. New questions. Then watch for openings, possibilities, synchronicities, new information, new relationships that start revealing themselves to you. Take action! And repeat.
“We must let go of the life we planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.” – Joseph Campbell

Hello everyone, welcome to the world’s best video chat site. From here you can video call or text message with strangers anywhere in the world. Chatiw provides you with the best user experience for video chat. We dedicated it to getting out with young and irregular youth from any country.
Here are the best moments from web dating. Like the high quality of the video calls and privacy protection and lots more, we will discuss it further. Using these features Bazoocam is the best video chat alternative. Talk with verified profiles of people. You can also use a filter for preferred profiles at camzap.
Millions of people online waiting for you to talk and date. So, simply click the below Button and join Bazoocam quickly. Find Fun making and romantic friends here.
Bazoocam Webcam Features
There was lots of advantage to using Bazoocam as online dating. You can read below. Ome TV is one of the similar online dating sites for you. You can check it out here.
Easy To Find People
With many customized features, we make online chat easy for everyone who is known or not. We have thousands of users all over the world to talk with you. If you want to change people and try another one then you can do it within a second with the fast servers.
Meet the people with verified gender-filtered profiles. Get genuine girls and boys by using filters. You can also filter by age group and by country. No fake profile and robots are only real once.
Other Similar Bazoocam Features
You don’t need to provide us with any personal data. You will easily trust the site for your data. Your personal details like name and age were fully encrypted by us. We are never compromised with user data.
Live Chat room
Real-time video chat with strangers. You can also use the chat room for conversation. This also works with low-speed internet. Bazoocam is known for this feature.
Fastest Chat Random Alternative
Fast servers help you to find strangers. There was no lag while talking and fully real-time with the lowest ping. Lowest hardware requirement like only webcam and mic.
No Ads on Bazoocam
It’s No disturbance during talking with advertisements. We blocked all ads while the webcam chat. This platform completely adds free for all users. 100 % Add free claimed!
Free to Use
Enjoy talking without any hidden charges and time limits. Talk with unlimited time no interruptions. Celebrate with No Credit card detail of Diamonds is required for access Bazoocam.

Yes, you heard right and you might be asking – what on earth do Costco and Tinder have in common? Well, let me explain.
A couple of months ago I headed to Costco for my usual run to buy café, chips, and other random household items.
Kid #3 was with me that day and I clearly remember that said Kid #3 so rudely stated to me, “Mom, you’re getting old and ugly!” or something to that effect as we entered the store.
I can’t recall the exact reason why she was saying that but surely it had to be in response to a possible complaint, a slow movement, or just straight out giving me a hard time as my kids are known to do. My three daughters are currently in the evil teenage years, need I explain more? Nope.
I rolled my eyes at her a few times and told her to be quiet.
We proceeded to walk throughout the store picking up the needed items, visiting the sample booths, and checking out the new merch. We eventually made our way to the wonderful coffee aisle and as I was looking for my favorite Don Jose brand of chocolatey café, a tall white man dressed in jeans and a form-fitting red shirt walked towards me and asked, “Can I ask you a question?” to which I responded, “Sure,” as I looked at him with some suspicion.
“Could you recommend a good coffee shop nearby that’s not the usual Starbucks?”
I quickly glanced at him, sizing him up, thinking, can’t you use your iPhone for this? But, because I’ve made it a point in my life to try and be a helpful person, I said, “Hmmm… let me think for a bit.” As I scanned the mental map in my mind for the coffee shops that were generally close to the area, he interrupted my thinking and said, “It’s for a Tinder date and I’m trying to pick a good place to meet.”
As these words slid out of his mouth, the being shifted throwing me into super control mode and held back saying “Que la chingada?” out loud. My glance quickly shifted to Kid #3 who was standing just a bit behind the man within hearing range and then back at him. Of course she was about ready to crack up and her facial expression was priceless.
I said, “Oh, okay.” And then proceeded to recommend all of the coffee shops that came to mind because I had taken the question seriously.
It took every effort on my part using controlled breathing techniques for me not to turn a shade of purple and break out in a nervous sweat as I continued to give him ridiculously detailed descriptions of each place I could think of within a 5 mile radius.
When I finished providing my suggestions on what I believed would be the best coffee shop for his Tinder meet up, he then asked the question he actually intended to ask from the very start, “Are you on Tinder?”
“Who me?” I muttered in what must have been such a dumb way because Kid #3 was now looking at me with the craziest expression, her hands held over her mouth, holding back the laughter and mouthing, “WTF?!”
“Oh my god, no.” I managed to say to him as my face reflected the same shade of salmon pink as the blouse I was wearing that day.
He then slyly says to me, “Oh, that’s too bad,” thanks me for the information and heads down the coffee aisle on his merry way.
I wait until he turns the corner and then look at Kid #3 who is laughing so hard she’s doubled over and I say to her, “Andale, who’s old and ugly now? See I still got my mojo despite the years and wrinkles. Mmhmm.”
“OMG mom! What was that?”
“I don’t know but maybe I should be on Tinder.”
“Uh huh. That’s what you think, obviously not him.”
Kid #3 doesn’t leave it there. She sends a speed text to Kid #2 who is in disbelief and also tells a couple of her other friends about the incident.
Lessons learned: 1. Never tell your mama that she’s old and ugly. 2. Costco might be the new dating scene (or maybe it’s always been and I’ve been oblivious?). 3. I guess it’s the new normal to ask random people if they’re on these damned dating apps.
As I reflected on the whole Costco-Tinder experience, although it took me off guard and caused me momentary embarrassment and discomfort, it was the best venganza that could have been inflicted on Kid #3. Gracias Universe for that.
#laxicana #tinder #costco #wtf

Guangdong Province, referred to as "Yue ", the provincial capital Guangzhou, the jurisdiction of cities in 21 provinces, including two deputy provincial cities (Guangzhou, Shenzhen), prefecture-level cities 19. Formerly Kwangtung, Canton, is Pinyin GuǎngDōng. Guangdong is the southern coast of mainland China, a province located south of Nanling, the South China Sea, Hong Kong and Macao, Guangxi, Hunan, Jiangxi and Fujian border, and Hainan across the sea. It is a Han Chinese as the main provinces, the country's 56 ethnic groups are distributed in the province. Guangdong customs and in language, history and culture, have a unique aspect, the internal department has three people, and northern China are very different. Guangdong GDP value has surpassed Taiwan as China's most economically developed provinces in the most open culture.

Green and White Army – newborn section
The recent baby clothes blog post certainly got the phone ringing!
This one is a Northern Ireland baby football shirt. Apparently as soon as the little ones name was announced his uncle went and got this shirt done with his name and number on the back. We wanted to show both sides of the jersey at different times so the shirt was sandwiched between two sheets of glass so it can be turned over.
With this type of framing it is advisable not to use string and just two nails in the wall to give the impression of the frame floating on the background. It is also advisable to choose a neutral background wall to hang it on as the wall colour is visible through the frame!

Jiang Xiaobai Wine Industry Co., Ltd. is a comprehensive wine company with a complete industrial chain layout, which integrates sorghum breeding, ecological agriculture planting, technology research and development, brewing and distillation, packaging and production, brand management, marketing, modern logistics and e-commerce. . Jiang Xiaobai Wine Co., Ltd. has Jiangji Winery, Tunxi Winery, Jiangji Agriculture and other enterprises. It has a brewing base such as a seasoning wine workshop, a manual crafting workshop, and a non-legacy brewing workshop.
Now it has a land of about 1,300 acres of ecological planting demonstration base, Jiangji Agriculture, a total investment of more than 1.2 billion yuan, a high-alcohol brewing base, Jiangji Winery, and a team of more than 60% of the winemaking experts in Chongqing, and a nationwide network of channels and Sales team.
Jiang Xiaobai Wine Industry is committed to the old taste of traditional sorghum wines, and advocates the practice of white liquor and fashion in the face of the new generation of people on the basis of inheriting traditional crafts.
At the beginning of 2018, Jiang Xiaobai wine industry and our company made initial communication. Jiang Xiaobai expressed great interest in our company's clean energy boiler products, and the two sides further reached cooperation. According to the specific parameters required by Jiang Xiaobai Wine Industry for the process of grain drying, steaming, re-steaming and fermentation in the brewing industry, the relevant technical personnel of our company selected a 4 ton ton integrated condensed fuel after calculation. Gas steam boiler, and is responsible for the subsequent boiler installation and commissioning work. After the boiler was put into use, it provided great help for the brewing of Jiang Xiaobai.
The WNS series of boilers use advanced condensing gas technology and utilize flue gas waste heat recovery to ensure full fuel combustion and up to 104% boiler thermal efficiency.
In terms of boiler manufacturing materials, China has also made a lot of efforts. The low-temperature and high-efficiency threaded pipe replaces the traditional light pipe, which can enhance heat transfer and improve thermal efficiency. The unique corrugated furnace processing technology produces a furnace that increases the heating area and mitigates the damage caused by thermal expansion to the boiler.
At present, the application of such steam boilers is very extensive, such as chemical plants, building materials plants, fertilizer plants, paper mills, wineries, daily chemical plants, feed mills and many other fields.
After half a year of use of the boiler, Chongqing Jiang Xiaobai wine industry feedback to our company that the 4 steam boiler can fully meet the demand of the brewing process, save fuel on the fuel, and save costs for the operation of the enterprise.

Bulkhead Ceiling Uses
A bulkhead ceiling refers to the section of the ceiling that is intentionally lowered and enclosed. There are different shapes and sizes of bulkheads that can be custom made to align with your intended design.
Why Choose a Bulkhead Ceiling Style?
Bulkhead ceilings can be used to create visual balance to a space by filling gaps or concealing services. They can also be specially crafted design features that can help divide a room, be a point of interest, or even create better air circulation. It is a good idea to talk to your builder or contractor about where such ceilings might be needed in your design. Below, we have listed a number of creative ways that you could include bulkhead ceilings in your commercial or residential spaces.
Conceal a range hood
Enclosing a range hood in your kitchen is a great way to seamlessly blend visual elements together. By hiding the range hood with bulkhead ceilings, you can line it up with the kitchen cabinets. This helps you maintain clean lines and visual cohesion if you are looking to achieve a contemporary, sleek style. Alternatively, a bulkhead that houses a range hood could be placed directly over a kitchen island, transforming it into a focal point.
Feature pendant lighting
Placing a bulkhead ceiling over your island bench or dining area helps to define the space and its function. This also gives you the opportunity to feature pendant or recessed lighting while concealing the wires. A bulkhead can be designed to reflect the size and shape of the island it hangs above, thus creating visual balance. It is a great option for open-plan kitchens or living areas to help create an illusion of enclosure.
Using bulkhead ceilings to fill the space above kitchen cabinets helps to add dimension and create visual unity by blending the cabinets into the room. This also saves you having to clean on top of the cabinets, while providing the option of hiding wires, plumbing, air conditioning, and other services. If a ceiling in a space is too high, bulkhead ceilings can be added to make it feel cozier or to help divide the room.
Highlight speaker systems
You can seamlessly blend speakers and sound systems into a room by concealing it using bulkhead ceilings. This also allows you to keep the wires out of sight, perfect for an at-home cinema experience.
Housing aircon ducting
In open-plan spaces, bulkheads that enclose aircon ducting can be intentionally placed in the middle of a room to project air further. This can help with improving ventilation and climate control. Additionally, this is a discreet way to include ventilation in a space without distracting from the visual appeal of other decorations in the room.
Bulkhead ceilings can be added to make decorative cornices stand out. They can also be used to create the illusion of a shadowline ceiling, which is a more subtle, contemporary design effect.
Create recessed curtains
Installing bulkhead ceilings can help create the illusion of recessed curtain tracks without having to redo the design of a room. This architectural feature looks luxurious and is popular in minimalist, contemporary designs.
Add decorative flair
Bulkhead ceilings can be decorated or enclosed in different kinds of material, allowing you to add texture, colour, and dimension to an otherwise visually bland space. Using different materials to enclose the bulkhead, like timber slats or joinery, makes the ceiling feature really stand out against the rest of the space, which can turn it into a design accent.
Whether you are considering adding or removing a bulkhead ceiling, our experienced team of ceiling contractors in Perth here at Heron Ceilings are ready to provide the highest standard of service to meet your needs. We pride ourselves in crafting durable, high quality ceilings that our clients know to expect. Enquire today about how we can deliver customised ceiling solutions to your commercial or residential space.

Supporting young people to develop moral courage can begin with giving them opportunities to be helpful toward others and to interact with people who are different from themselves. Use this video to spark a discussion about how educators can help develop moral courage in their students.
The danger of silence
By: Clint Smith, TED
Should you be civil to a racist? Yes, but you should still call them out.
By: Robert Danisch, Wiliam Keith
Teaching equity vs equality in K-2 classrooms
By: Teachers Network
By: ASU, Liz Lerman
The roots of moral courage
By: Greater Good Science Center, Kristen Renwick Monroe

Origin of broom
how to pronounce broom
How to use broom in a sentence
He loves pushing a broom — that, and maintaining good habits.He was locked up at age 15. Almost seven decades later, he’s reentering an unfamiliar world.|Karen Heller|February 19, 2021|Washington Post
I was ushered into a room no bigger than a broom closet and instructed to click through a computer-based questionnaire with multiple-choice questions about my emotions.How a Nuclear Submarine Officer Learned to Live in Tight Quarters - Issue 94: Evolving|Steve Weiner|December 30, 2020|Nautilus
Dave Zohrob first dabbled in podcasting in 2018 with a tech news show he recorded in his office broom closet.
The new electron-beam broom takes advantage of the dust’s electrical properties.This high-tech sweeper is designed for super-clingy moon dust|Jack J. Lee|October 13, 2020|Science News For Students
Perhaps the most important piece of equipment was the broom used for sweeping away footprints.To rehearse Perseverance’s mission, scientists pretended to be a Mars rover|Lisa Grossman|July 29, 2020|Science News
G were bright under the applications of tripoli polish, blacking and brush-brooming; new uniforms, white gloves, etc.Company G|A. R. (Albert Rowe) Barlow
After that I did take the broom from its place, and I gave the floor a good brooming.The Story of Opal|Opal Whiteley
By this time His Majesty's Mail was stamping his feet and brooming the snow from his seal-hide boots.Billy Topsail, M.D.|Norman Duncan
Several common names have been applied to this disease, among which "bunch" and "brooming" have most frequently been used.
The names "brooming" and "witches'-broom" have already been applied to diseases caused by fungi.
British Dictionary definitions for broom
Word Origin for broom
Other Idioms and Phrases with broom
see new broom sweeps clean.

The social networking site Facebook is a fantastic method to remain in touch with family and friends, especially those who live far away from one another. The unfortunate reality is that your friends’ list is likely to be full of people you can’t unfriend but who you don’t want to hear from anymore.
Thanks to Facebook, unfollowing someone is an easy way to achieve this goal. Furthermore, if you unfollow someone’s Facebook postings, they will not be aware of your decision. Users are unable to view a list of friends who aren’t following them on Facebook, according to the company.
Following a page on Facebook means that you will no longer receive alerts or updates in your News Feed when you unfollow it. Using the manual navigation method, you may still view the page and its articles.
Read Also: How To Send A Gift Card On Facebook
How to Unfollow Facebook Friends
Your Facebook News Feed is a quick way to stay up to date on the activities of family and friends, and it is updated every minute. If you have a Facebook friend who consistently posts, shares articles, and engages in opinion rants that anger, insult or bore you; unfortunately, this is a common scenario.
Fortunately, unfollowing that friend on Facebook is a simple process that ensures you don’t see their updates. You’ll continue to be Facebook friends informally, and you’ll be able to communicate with each other using Messenger, but you won’t have to see their postings when you open your News Feed. Here’s how you unfollow a Facebook friend in the easiest way possible.
Unfollowing a Facebook friend may be accomplished in a variety of ways. Unfollow someone through a post, their profile page, or from the News Feed Preferences section in the Settings menu of Facebook.
Unfollow From a Post
1. To unfollow someone, go to any of their posts and click “Unfollow.”
2. Select the three dots that appear in the upper right corner of their post.
3. Select Unfollow. You won’t see any more of this person’s posts, but you’re still Facebook friends.
Unfollow From Their Profile Page
Listed below is yet another method of unfollowing a Facebook friend.
1. Navigate to the profile page of the buddy whose company you wish to terminate.
2. Hover your cursor over Following in the vicinity of their cover photo. In the app, you may get this information by tapping the three dots underneath their cover photo.
3. Select Unfollow. (On the app, tap Following and then tap Unfollow.)
Unfollow From News Feed Preferences
Here’s yet another method of unfollowing someone on social media.
1. Navigate to your profile page and click on the arrow in the top menu bar to the right. (To access this feature in the app, press the three horizontal lines at the bottom.)
2. Select News Feed Preferences from the drop-down menu. (In the app, go to Settings and then News Feed Preferences to customise your news feed.)
3. Unfollow people and groups to hide their posts from your timeline.
4. Select the person you want to unfollow from your list, and then click on Done.
How To Re-Follow Unfollowed Facebook Friends
If you change your mind and want to read postings from your unfollowed buddy again, it’s simple to re-follow them on Instagram.
1. Go to your Facebook profile page and fill out the form.
2. To access the down arrow, go to the top menu bar and choose it. (To access this feature in the app, press the three horizontal lines at the bottom.)
3. Select News Feed Preferences from the drop-down menu. (In the app, go to Settings and then News Feed Preferences to customise your news feed.)
4. Select Re-establish contact with persons and groups that you have previously unfollowed.
5. Select the person you want to reconnect with, and then select Done. You’ll once again see this person’s posts on your News Feed.
What is the difference between unfriend and unfollow on Facebook?
You will be removed from the person’s friends list and they will be removed from yours when you Unfriend them on Facebook. When you Unfollow someone on Facebook, you will no longer see their postings in your News Feed, but you will still be friends with them on the social networking site. You can also choose to unfollow a specific Page or group.
Is it better to unfriend or unfollow?
You Should Take the Initiative and Break Free
If you don’t want the other person to see your posts and you’re fine with them not seeing yours, but you don’t want to block them, you may unfriend them on Facebook instead of blocking them. It’s possible to unfollow someone if their posts are causing you distress.
PS5 restocks are returning to Walmart in June
How to Use an Apple Watch
How to Change an Apple Watch Name on Your iPhone
Roblox Error Code 403 Fix – Is Roblox Down Right Now
How make your village more pleasant and safe
Is Neverwinter Online Crossplay? 2022 All Platforms
Is The Forest Cross Platform?(PS4 & Xbox) Everything You Need to Know
How to Invest in GTE Technology
Learn How to Get Free Robux & Roblox Codes in 2022
Best Skyrim Name Generator – Find All Kinds of Skyrim Names
Hades – Battle out of Hell Early Access Available at Epic Games Store
The Next Final Fantasy XIV: Shadowbringers, Coming Soon in Summer 2019
ELLI is Coming to Nintendo Switch In January, 2019
US Government Sector Employees Banned from using any of Huawei Devices
Red Dead Redemption 2 PS4 Stunning Redefine Support
Technology1 year ago
How We Can Get VPS Hosting & How to Use It
Financial2 years ago
Marvelous Benefits of Hiring Financial Advisors for Your Business
Guide1 month ago
How to Get Free TikTok Followers and Fans in 2022
Gaming3 years ago
GENKI: The Best Bluetooth Audio Solution For The Nintendo Switch

Em artigo publicado em The Economist, Samuel Johnson trata sobre o novo livro de Antonin Scalia, juiz da Suprema Corte Americana, e Bryan Garner, lexicógrafo, chamado: “Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts”.
Segundo os autores, os juízes isolados de reprovação popular, sentem-se atraídos para olhar fora do texto legal a fim determinado resultado.
Neste livro, Scalia e Garner insistem que uma abordagem clara da leitura textual produz resultados desviada da política em particular. Em outras palavras, o mesmo juiz pode um dia produzir um parecer considerado “liberal”, e no dia seguinte uma opinião “conservadora”.
Eis o artigo:
STATUTORY interpretation is not, on its face, sexy. But Antonin Scalia, an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and Bryan Garner, a lexicographer and editor of Black’s Law Dictionary, try their best. Their “Reading Law“, published in June, is a guide for lawyers and judges on how to read a text. The book is not only a love letter to textualism, Mr Scalia’s preferred theory of interpretation. It is also a sharp brief against those who would seek to indiscriminately inject arguments of public policy and personal politics into their analysis of a static text. The result is engaging; the theoretical aspects of statutory interpretation are still unsexy, of course, but here they are highly readable.
Para notas comparativas entre o CPC/1973 e o projeto do novo CPC, veja o livro Código de Processo Civil Comentado – com remissões e notas comparativas ao projeto do novo CPC.
Conheça a Constituição Federal Comentada
* * *
For lawyers, the term “statutory interpretation” connotes occasional necessary evil: the deliberate, sometimes unscrupulous, massaging of the text of a law to serve a client. (Messrs Scalia and Garner acknowledge this: “That is [lawyers’] job: to inject doubt when it is in their clients’ interest.”) For judges, interpreting a statute is stickier. The result of their analysis, a judicial opinion, is permanent. In contrast, lawyers’ impassioned arguments, even if they are recorded, do not serve any future legal purpose. And lawyers are forgiven for drawing bizarre interpretive arguments from the ether to serve their cause. Judges are not so easily relieved. Strict, dispassionate adherence to the plain meaning of the text could produce results anathema to the judge’s own political views. For tenured judges insulated from popular reproach, there is a temptation to look away from the text to support a particular outcome. Messrs Scalia and Garner want to end this temptation.
Mr Scalia, who is known (and maligned by the left) for his textualist approach, is remarkably measured in this book—a consequence, perhaps, of being paired with Mr Garner, a sharp legal mind with different political affiliations. Messrs Scalia and Garner insist that a fair-reading textualist approach produces results divorced from particular politics. In other words, the same judge adhering to these canons of interpretation may one day produce an opinion considered “liberal”, and the next day a “conservative” opinion. In their support, the authors note that there is far more agreement in the Supreme Court and appellate courts than disagreement. But Mr Scalia, too, adopts a sort of “do as I say, not as I do” approach to the canons of interpretation. In the preface, he asks the reader to ignore the past and future judicial opinions of Scalia, J., that contradict the theoretical advice given by Scalia, Academic.
Statutory interpretation overlaps both linguistic analysis and literary analysis. Two examples: In a broad sense, textualism (the approach advocated in “Reading Law”) and its alternatives, purposivism and consequentialism (broadly, non-textualism), can be compared with prescriptivist and descriptivist approaches to language interpretation. And the authors write that nontextualism at its worst can be compared with eisegesis, the ugly stepsister of literary criticism.
But more on all this later. In my next few posts, I’ll be looking at those relationships in the context of Messrs Scalia and Garner’s book.
fonte: The Economist, por Samuel Johnson.

he boxes are a specific kind of containers used to stock products safely. The most popular type of boxes are of cardboard packaging. There are various types of custom boxes available for particular purposes. The most applicable category of custom boxes is tote boxes. Tote Boxes are the particular type of boxes which have the most elegant as considered to other boxes. These boxes can also be called event boxes as their foremost used at events. Tote Boxes can serve as gift boxes for multiple occasions. They can also be utilized for storing These boxes are specially made in a precise way. These boxes are a great source of labeling for the businesses. Here are some of the attributes of tote boxes which can be excessively utilized for revenue generation purposes.
Tote Boxes have an excellent design. Brands order their boxes according to their requirements. The dark color scheme can also be applied to make them look more attractive. However, light color scheme depends on brand prerequisite. These boxes have maximum design patterns and shades as their leading usage of functions and diverse kind of occasions. The patterns can include high quality graphic images or printing pictorial representation. These add colors to the products and boxes. There can be further handles and loops added to the boxes. The handles and loops make them more convenient to transport from one place to another. It can be extremely beneficial during events. Handles and loops make boxes most appealing in front of the consumers.
Superior Product Packaging:
Custom Tote Boxes have the firm product packaging. The delicate and prestigious gift items are packed in tote boxes look splendid. Cardboard packaging provides excellent, enduring time for the boxes in the long run.
Gifts, Event and Occasions:
They are variety of items which can be packed in tote boxes. Tote Boxes are best used as gifts on birthdays, picnics, lunch boxes, parties, wedding and other events.

Read 1 Corinthians 12:26
It was a Wednesday evening in January as I entered a youth room as a new youth leader at the church I visited regularly in my teens and young adult years. There I met her, the woman who would become my pillar; her name, Mayelis (Magie) Keogh (Cisneros).
Church’s aren’t meant to be created as simply a building for people to come and go so you can check it off your list or a place to tithe because the Bible says so. Church is not a building but a body and in our culture, we often forget that God is relational. A body meant for connection and iron sharpening iron. A body meant to work together to achieve the end goal to be more like Jesus so that we can make disciples who make disciples who proclaim the name of Jesus.
Yet, here we are, fallen beings and without each other, how are we sharpened?
Magie was the pillar, the iron the Lord used to sharpen me. He used her character, her faith, her story with Him to minister, challenge, encourage me to become the best that God created for me. Without Magie and how the Lord used her specifically, I would not be who I am today.
Something Pastor Nick stated in a sermon recently was the fact that in any recovery program, the people, the sponsors aren’t meant to just come and go to a meeting, but they jump into the trenches with the newly sober in order to build them up, to support them and walk life with them. This is essentially the point that Paul is trying to make in 1 Corinthians. He is stating the value of one another in another’s life. I love this value of our church because it is a value that Magie taught me early on in my walk with the Lord. She was there. She stood by me as I repented, as I healed, as I grew and she pushed me into a biblical world view that I couldn’t see before and I will be forever grateful for the lives and women the Lord has placed in my life since her. Life, truly is, better together!
Do you have a pillar? Is there someone in your life that lives life with you and builds you up, points you back to Jesus? Someone who sharpens you?
Are you connected within our church, serving or involved in a Grace Group?
What is your next step when it comes to connection? Do you believe this is God’s best for you?
Questions to consider:
- Do you have a “pillar” in your life? If you don’t who comes to mind that you could reach out to?
- Do you believe that God is relational? What does that characteristic of His mean to you?

2019 Tennessee Code
Title 36 - Domestic Relations
Chapter 2 - Parentage
- § 1. [Reserved]
- § 2. [Reserved]
- Part 3 - Parentage and Legitimation
- Part 4 - Parentage of Children Born of Donated Embryo Transfer
Disclaimer: These codes may not be the most recent version. Tennessee may have more current or accurate information. We make no warranties or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained on this site or the information linked to on the state site. Please check official sources.

Enjoy a night of elegance at the Blacktie Ballroom Social on Saturday, May 10th, 2014 from 7:30pm to midnight in Morss Hall, Walker Memorial. The event is free for MIT students, $6 for other students, $8 for MIT affiliates, and $10 for others. There will also be a free tango lesson at 7:30pm. Social dancing will begin at 8:00pm. Contact email@example.com for more information.
Blacktie Ballroom Social May 10
May 9, 2014

Questions? Contact Sales:
Peripheral Blood CD4+CD45RA+ Naïve Helper T Cells, Frozen
Naïve helper T cells are mature T cells that have left the thymus and have yet to be exposed to an antigen presented by MHC class II molecules of an antigen-presenting cell (APC). In humans, CD4+ naïve helper T cells are constantly recirculating into the secondary lymphoid tissues in order to optimize the opportunity of finding their specific antigen.
Human peripheral blood CD4+CD45RA+ naïve helper T cells are enriched by depleting cells expressing CD8, CD14, CD15, CD16, CD19, CD25, CD34, CD36, CD56, CD123, CD45RO, TCRγ/δ, anti-HLA-DR, and CD235a from the mononuclear cell population using immunomagnetic particles leaving purified, untouched CD4+CD45RA+ naïve helper T cells. Isolated cells are characterized by flow cytometry before cryopreservation to ensure a highly pure and viable cell population.
Cells were obtained using Institutional Review Board (IRB) approved consent forms and protocols.
|Cell and Tissue Source|
Product Information Sheet
Material Safety Data Sheet
Request More Information
Figure 1. Representative flow data of the enriched CD4+CD45RA+ cells (91.0%) from peripheral blood prior to cryopreservation.

The Federal High Court sitting in Wawa, Niger State has sentenced a 22-year-old Boko Haram member, Abba Umar, to sixty years in prison.
The court found Umar guilty of four terrorism-related charges, including membership of the proscribed Boko Haram sect, which earned Umar 15 years imprisonment.
He is also to serve 30 years for attempting to commit an act of terrorism and another 60 years in prison on count three for committing an act of terrorism on Bama community, Gwoza, and military barracks in Borno, where people were killed and arms and ammunition carted away.
Umar would also serve another 15 years in prison for receiving terrorism training, an offence punishable under section 7 of the Terrorism (Prevention) Act of 2013, and five years for failing to disclose information on Abubakar Shekau.
All sentences are to run concurrently.
The court further ordered the prison authorities to ensure that the convict was given serious de-radicalisation of his belief.
During cross-examination, the convict did not show remorse as he claimed to recognise only Shekau as the leader and not the present government in the country.
This, however, forced the prosecutor to demand a maximum punishment of death for the convict, which the defence counsel did not object to.
But the judge held that the court cannot shut its door of mercy and, therefore, cannot implement the maximum punishment.
The convict was arrested on May 27, 2014, while attempting to bomb Gombe Pilot Secondary School where the remote control of the bombs failed to function.
He was said to have been lured into the sect by his elder brother Ahmadu Umar.
He had also confessed to being a commander in the terrorist group and has about 100 subordinates under him.
Meanwhile, Director of Amnesty International Nigeria, Mr. Osai Ojigho , has appealed to the Federal Government to ensure that the trial of Boko Haram suspects was in line with international standards
“The Nigerian authorities must do everything at their disposal to ensure that international standards for fair trials are met and that those suspected of crimes face justice.
“A fair hearing can only be guaranteed if the defendants are provided with access to lawyers and, where necessary, interpreters.’’

This panel will review developments in federal estate, gift and generation-skipping transfer tax laws since April 2014.
Elizabeth R. Glasgow, Venable LLP, Los Angeles, CA and New York, NY
Jeffrey D. Chadwick, Winstead PC, The Woodlands, TX
Amy Heller, McDermott Will & Emery LLP, New York, NY
Catherine V. Hughes, Attorney Advisor, Office of Tax Policy, Department of Treasury, Washington, DC
Hannah W. Mensch, Ehrenkranz & Ehrenkranz LLP, New York, NY
Click here for more information.

Helping children and families survive crisis
During humanitarian crises we coordinate and deploy key emergency personnel to help protect lives, restore dignity and renew hope.
World Vision’s Emergency Response Roster is comprised of highly experienced and vetted humanitarians available for short term, medium term and long term emergency response assignments.
Join our Ukraine Crisis Response
We are currently scaling up our multi-country response across three countries (Moldova, Romania, and Ukraine) and are recruiting for many key positions that will make a direct impact on the lives of people who have been caught up in conflict.
World Vision Responds
Who we need in a large scale humanitarian response
- Human Resources
- Support Services
- Communications and Engagement
- Information Management
- Design, Monitoring & Evaluation
- Grant Acquisition & Management
- Cash Programming
- Sector Specialties
Currently accepting applications for
Experienced humanitarian professionals to serve as Response Programmes Directors to lead Sector Programming Teams.

In line with its fundamental commitment to develop pathbreaking solutions in the industry of professional packaging machines, Minipack®-Torre has recently equipped its automatic packaging machines with innovative solutions, such as an optional Wi-Fi connection. Thanks to this function, the machine may be controlled in remote mode from a PC, tablet or smartphone through a specific app.
Given the unstoppable rise of digital technologies and the small industrial revolution that is beginning to change our concepts of production, a connection between machinery and devices is becoming a basic requirement, which brings a number of major advantages. Managing packaging machines via apps may significantly contribute to increasing productivity while optimising and streamlining production cycles. Let us discover in detail all the advantages of this technological solution:
- Reduced machine management times: digital interfaces allow users to access the controls of the packaging machine in an easy and intuitive way. With an app, users may control all available functions in a comprehensive and systematic way, enabling and disabling them simply at the touch of a button. Moreover, it is possible to control several packaging machines from a single device.
- 24/7 machine monitoring: with an app it is possible to check at any moment the status of the connected machines, and hence to verify at any time whether they are working. Moreover, the app can send notifications to the user device in case of alerts coming from the packaging machine.
- Remote assistance: with an Internet connection it is also possible to provide a highly innovative service, i.e. remote assistance. Wireless technology allows technical personnel to access the fundamental machine data from remote, and hence to provide the necessary information and troubleshooting advice in case of malfunctions.
- Remote programming: of course, when a packaging machine is controlled through an app it can be programmed from remote, which eliminates the cost of deploying personnel on site whenever an adjustment or other operation is required.
With Minipack®-Torre packaging machines all this is possible, thanks to the precious cooperation with Schneider-Electric, a leading multinational company for the design and manufacture of electrical and digital systems.

heres how it works...
you have to guess what the person looks like who posts above you
eg. the first responce in this thread has to guess what i look like, and so on. if you get it right you get a delicious e-cookie. BEGIN!
Welcome to the Newschoolers forums! You may read the forums as a guest, however you must be a registered member to post. Register to become a member today!

Updated: Oct 8, 2020
These are the ultimate therapy cookies that will have you feeling like a whole new person after baking them. Not only do you get to smash all your feelings out on a ziploc bag full of oreo cookies with a hard object but you also get to devour the cookie dough (if you eat raw eggs fearlessly) and it ends with eating your feelings away with warm fresh baked cannabis-infused chocolaty cookies.
1 cup cannabutter, softened
3/4 cup granulated sugar
3/4 cup brown sugar
1 package (4.2 oz) oreo pudding mix
3 tablespoons vanilla
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups chocolate chips
20 oreo cookies, coarsely smashed
Preheat oven to 340F/170C. Grease a baking sheet and set aside.
In a medium bowl, blend together butter and both sugars. Add the dry pudding mix, eggs, and vanilla. Mix until well combined.
While continuously mixing slowly add the baking soda, salt, and flour until blended well.
Stir in chocolate chips and crushed cookies.
Drop 1-inch cookie dough balls onto a baking sheet and bake for 8 minutes.
Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 3 minutes before transferring to a wire rack.

This article was originally posted on The Daily Record.
Have you ever had to ship a hard drive, thumb drive or CD to another party; or to a vendor for processing and hosting? Did you put the media in the container or envelope and cross your fingers, hoping it would arrive safely? Or did you did you follow best practices and make a copy of it prior to shipping?
In a recent decision out of the SDNY (Cognex Corp. v. Microscan Sys., Inc., [SDNY Dec. 31, 2013]), a judge sanctioned the plaintiffs for not following a basic tenet of handing and shipping evidence. In this matter, Cognex Corporation filed suit against Microscan Systems, Inc. for patent infringement.
During the course of discovery defendants asked plaintiffs to send an optical disk/CD that contained software related to the matter. The plaintiffs promised to provide the CD, but later informed defendants that the CD was damaged. The plaintiffs blamed Federal Express for the CD’s destruction. Regardless, at the end of the day, the plaintiffs failed to make a copy of the CD prior to shipping it to its expert. When the CD was shipped back to the plaintiffs by the expert it was damaged.
In response to this calamity, the defendants filed for sanctions and requested an adverse inference.
A party seeking an adverse inference jury instruction on the basis of spoliation of evidence must establish:
- that the party having control over the evidence had an obligation to preserve it at the time it was destroyed;
- that the records were destroyed with a culpable state of mind; and
- that the destroyed evidence was relevant to the party’s claim or defense such that a reasonable trier of fact could find that it would support that claim or defense.
The court ultimately decided that monetary sanctions to the tune of $25,000 were appropriate, but not an adverse inference ruling. The court agreed that the plaintiffs had a duty to preserve the data on the CD and their failure to make a copy of the disk “before shipping it to their expert gave rise to inference of their culpable state of mind, where alleged infringers failed to show that the disk was material to their claims or defenses.” In the end, the alleged infringers could not show that the data contained on the CD would support the claims or defenses.
“Here, defendants have failed to show how a CD that contained software related to the HawkEye 51 reader would be material to their claims or defenses. This lack of materiality does not excuse plaintiffs’ misconduct, but it is highly pertinent to determining what sanction is appropriate. In particular, the absence of materiality suggests that the severe punishment of an adverse inference instruction would here be excessive.”
This situation could have been avoided if the plaintiffs made a simple backup of the CD prior to shipping. They had a duty to preserve it and they failed in that duty. What else could have been done? What are other best practices or considerations when shipping ESI?
1. Make a copy.
This is not a consideration, it is a must do! It is fairly simple these days to safely copy media without altering the contents of the original. If you don’t know how to do it then find an IT person or your favorite litigation support professional. Whatever you do, do not ship original materials. If for some reason the evidence is so unique or important and it can’t be copied you may want to ask yourself if it should be shipped under any circumstance.
2. Encrypt it.
Encrypt the data that is going to be shipped. There are many free encryption programs available. Even if you make a copy of the data, that is not a guarantee it will arrive safely or arrive at all. If your package never arrives, you will sleep well at night knowing that your client’s secret formula was sent on an encrypted hard drive.
3. Use a service that provides a tracking number.
This may seem obvious, but make sure you use a service like FedEx that allows for tracking packages. Even the U.S. Postal Service provides shipping that can be tracked.
4. Include documentation or a form from vendor.
Many times we receive packages with hard drives, CDs or other media and that is it! No documentation, no prior phone calls or emails giving us a heads up. Not only is it important to include documentation so chain of custody can be maintained, it is important so people know what they are getting. At the very least include a letter with a description of the contents, the project and the name of the sender. Most vendors have forms that should be completed by you prior to the ESI being shipped.
5. Use your head when packing the evidence.
In the same packages without documentation we usually find hard drives in boxes large enough for four without any padding or other protection. On more than one occasion we have attached drives to find they no longer operate due to poor handling. I cannot blame this on FedEx like the plaintiffs tried to do in Cognex v. Microscan. Use appropriate packing material.
6. Look to alternatives
Such as Secure File Transfer Protocol or hand delivery. Some information may be so sensitive or vital that it must be hand-carried. Most shipping companies have a white glove service where an individual hand carries the package from location A to B.
Additionally, it is possible to transfer ESI over the Internet. File Transfer Protocol or FTP is one way to accomplish this technological feat, but make sure it is secure (SFTP). I do not recommend using services such as DropBox to transfer sensitive or client-related data. Again, reach out to your local IT person to find a secure way to transfer your data over the Internet. The volume may be too large, but anything that can fit on a CD can be shipped over SFTP.
Sanctions can be imposed for missteps at any stage of discovery. Knowing and following best practices along the way is not a guarantee that mistakes will not occur, but it is better than crossing your fingers.
Attract & Retain Top Talent
With a rapidly changing industry, it's vital to offer the right compensation and set the right expectation. With our Salary Guide, get detailed job descriptions, industry insights and local salary data to equip your managers with hiring confidence and expertise.Get your copy »

No Products in the Cart
Made with Organic Ingredients. This is no ordinary hand sanitizer!
This is Hand Sanitizer you’ll actually love using. Just ask our devoted customers. This skin-softening formula is better than the rest. It doesn’t dry your skin or leave it sticky. The aromatherapeutic scent will uplift your mood (like walking through a lavender field on a breezy day). Formulated with organic extracts from our farm and plant-derived moisturizers, this sanitizer is made for those looking for high-quality skincare. Use with abandon.
8 oz. Plastic Bottle (BPA-free)
Our Sanitizer Fights Germs
Kills bacteria when no soap and water are available
Sanitizes with 66% total alcohol (meeting CDC guidelines)
…Softens Skin with Organic Moisturizing Ingredients
Vitamin E for natural soothing and calming of skin
Aloe helps to lock in moisture and hydrates skin
…And Smells Amazing!
Contains farm-grown organic Lavender Essential Oil and Hydrosol
Lavender is also known to have antiseptic, disinfectant, anti-viral and anti-inflammatory properties
This hand sanitizer is the best!
The sanitizer doesn't leave my hands tacky or dry. The scent is pleasant but not over-powering.
Your hand sanitizer is just awesome. I love the feel of it, and it stays mixed well in the bottle. the sprayer also has held up well. Really appreciate you making it for the community.
The lavender hand sanitzer has been AMAZING! The addition of the aloe really helps my hands to not feel so dry from all the washing/sanitizing that I've been doing. 10/10 would recommend.
My mother and I love the hand sanitizer. It does the job without drying out our hands and smells nice.

More and more people are using search engines that provide the maximum amount of privacy.
Two of those search engines are StartPage and DuckDuckGo.
Their popularity has shot up exponentially in the last couple of years.
Although it is true that search engines for privacy regularly leverage other “normal” search engines for the purposes of returning search results.
So does proxy search work?
Proxy search requests prevent the likes of Microsoft, Yahoo and/or Google from knowing who actually requested the search.
To put it in another way, the mainstream search engines can only see the search query.
They can’t see who sent the search query using the search engines for privacy.
Search engines for privacy promise their users lots of things.
Most of them boil down to a single promise.
That promise is that they won’t log the user’s IP address.
Search engines for privacy also give their word that they won’t log the user’s searches at any given point.
Some may find that a bit too good to sound true.
So is it?
Let’s take a look at some of the other questions that one needs to answer in order to truly understand how search engines for privacy really work.
After that, we will list the best search engines for privacy that you can use right now.
Why Would Anyone Want To Use Privacy Search Engines?
There are so many reasons for doing so that listing them here will take an hour for readers to go through.
So let’s just state the biggest problem that most mainstream search engines have:
They spy on their users.
They don’t spy because they are evil though.
All major search engines have to spy because that is the business model that they work with.
If they can’t learn the maximum amount of what is to learn about any given user, they can’t sustain their business.
Major search engines survive by delivering highly personalized and targeted advertisements to the users directly via the user’s web browser window.
The reason why we say that search engines aren’t evil though is that some of them have realized that they can’t just go around playing with their user’s private data without any restrictions.
Take, for example, Google.
Google gives users plenty of options via the Dashboard menu to tweak their privacy settings.
That’s their “good” side.
But Google has to survive as well and that’s why it can’t stop tracking users.
It is either “tracking user” or death as far as Google is concerned.
Back in 2016, the company finally managed to drop its self-imposed moratorium on tracking users no only via their search queries but also their email messages.
In other words, now Google not only tracks what you search on the internet but it also scans your email messages in order to deliver to you even more targeted advertisements.
Some would say this is too much spying.
Google would say that they are just “improving” their services.
Now, Google collects and stores a lot of information every single time a user goes to its search engine services and searches for something.
Some of the information that Google stores include,
- The user’s IP address
- The search terms in the query
- Time and date of the search query
- Cookie ID.
What is that?
This is just a cookie that Google deposited directly into the user’s web browser cookie folder.
It helps the company to uniquely identify the user’s computer machine.
Google, and all other search engines, takes the help of the Cookie ID in order to trace any given search query back right to the source.
That is, the computer of the user who made the query.
After collecting such information, Google allows the transmission of all that information to the web page that the user has requested.
It also delivers that information to other owners.
Specifically, the ones who own third-party advertising companies who display banners on the web page that the user visits.
As the user gets busy while surfing the world of the internet, advertising companies collect as much information as they can in order to build up a very detailed profile of the user.
And since they have so much information on any given user, sometimes the profile as enough details to embarrass someone to a great extent.
Consider another possibility.
Yahoo! along with Microsoft and Google do know a ton of things on any given user.
So what is stopping them from sharing that information with the likes of the NSA and the police department?
No one can guarantee if Google doesn’t do that already and that too on a regular basis.
Google also releases these Transparency Reports from time to time detailing the number of various user data requests that it has received.
A couple of years ago, many media outlets reported that they had found evidence which showed Yahoo working hand in glove with organizations such as the NSA in order to betray the company’s users data to the top US intelligence service.
That’s isn’t very nice or is it?
However, that’s only one of the problems with mainstream search engines.
Let’s take a look at another one.
The Infamous Filter Bubble
Search engines that don’t track users are a blessing.
The greatest benefit that these no-tracking search engines offer to users is that it prevents the user from having to experience the filter bubble effect.
Mainstream search engines profile users by studying the user’s past search terms.
They also keep a track of the things that the user has LIKED on various social media platforms.
Why do they do this?
Again, in order to return search results which are more likely to peak the user’s interest.
The problem with such an arrangement is that these search results tend to always agree with the user’s specific point of view.
In other words, such techniques lock the user into, what most call, a filter bubble.
When under the influence of a filter bubble the user doesn’t get to come across alternative and/or different point of views.
The user, for the most part, only sees opinions that tend to agree with him/her.
Search engines like Google downgrade results which they think would not match the user’s worldview.
The other downside of filter bubble is that it denies the user of any kind of access to much richer content and multiplicity of natural human input.
Filter bubble can also present other dangerous problems.
Problems such as its inclination to confirm prejudices.
Some have also blamed filter bubbles for keeping users away from thinking about the “bigger picture”.
With that said, let’s take a look at the top search engines for privacy at the moment.
- Looks stunning
- Does not track
- Does not log user information
- Contextual filters
- Non-targeted and discrete advertisements
- A lot of times it uses Yahoo results
- Operates on Amazon servers
- Is registered as a US company
DuckDuckGo is a search engine that sounds just about interesting enough to stick in your head.
According to the company, this is the only search engine that vows to not track the user.
The founder and the CEO of DuckDuckGo, Gabriel Weinberg, stated about two years ago that even if law enforcement agencies such as the FBI came to DuckDuckGo to ask for data, they would have nothing in their storage facilities which would allow their agents to tie something back to the user.
As mentioned at the top as well, the one apparent problem with DuckDuckGo is that it is a company that is based in the United States of America.
Among the search engines for privacy, DuckDuckGo is miles ahead in terms of its popularity.
There isn’t another search engine for privacy out there with as high a profile as DuckDuckGo.
DuckDuckGo, for the most part, sources its searches through Yahoo.
Perhaps this is also a good time to mention that DuckDuckGo had had a really strong relationship with the likes of Yahoo in the past as well.
Why would this cause worry to anyone?
For one reason, various media reports have revealed Yahoo’s ties with the likes of the NSA.
Of course, DuckDuckGo has always maintained that the company promises to not share or collect any type of personal information.
If we’re talking about clean user interfaces then DuckDuckGo is it.
The overall theme is white, grey and red.
DuckDuckGo has a cute looking logo which is attractive and kind of fun to just look at.
With that said, aesthetics of any given website is more or less a subjective matter and hence no one opinion can rule over all others.
But generally speaking, DuckDuckGo’s styling is good.
As the user types in any query, DuckDuckGo, just like Google, starts to offer the user search suggestions.
This is great as it usually leads the user to the term the user wanted to search much more quickly.
DuckDuckGo is very fast when it comes to search returns.
And this holds true for video as well as image search results.
As far as the presentation of the whole service is concerned, it is top notch and more importantly, clear.
DuckDuckGo offers the following content filter categories,
Almost all the filters that DuckDuckGo displays are adaptive.
Most of the time DuckDuckGo will take the pain of showing the user his/her results under a specific filter category that DuckDuckGo feels appropriately covers the user’s search terms.
Users have the choice of selecting different filters.
DuckDuckGo will have a look at the selected filter and will then continue to display Wikipedia, video and/or image previews in a small box that is located right next to the search results or at the top of the webpage.
DuckDuckGo isn’t without ads though.
It sometimes does show ads.
But they appear, mostly, to the right of the user’s search results.
Moreover, DuckDuckGo differentiates itself from the likes of Google by clearly marking advertisement as discreetly as possible.
DuckDuckGo also makes sure to never mix the ad search results with organic or pure search results.
This search engine for privacy can also filter image results.
But those filters are fairly limited in nature.
For example, the only filters available for the image search are,
For a general search term, there are many more filters.
DuckDuckGo displays video search results with the help of video thumbnail preview.
Users have the option of playing YouTube videos directly from the DuckDuckGo search engine website.
When users do try to play the video, DuckDuckGo does give them a warning.
The warning alerts the user to a simple fact that if they view the video, Google along with YouTube will track them.
Users also have the option of filtering results by country as well as date.
The date filter comes with further options such as,
- Past Month
- Past Week
- Past Day
Our experience tells us that while DuckDuckGo can’t match the accuracy of the search results that Google shows the user, but it does return good quality results.
In fact, in many cases, we have found that DuckDuckGo results are much more natural because SEO experts don’t put much work into optimizing their content for DuckDuckGo.
As mentioned just now, there are many people who think that Google returns better results than DuckDuckGo.
This is where we would like to mention another DuckDuckGo feature which is “bangs”.
We’ll talk more about that later.
For now, we would like to reiterate that DuckDuckGo can sometimes show both discrete ads as well as contextual filter suggestions where the search engine provides links to different products on Amazon that the user might have an interest in.
How Does DuckDuckGo Make Money?
Very important question.
As we have alluded to previously, DuckDuckGo does show some ads.
These usually take up a bit of space on the right-hand side of the pure search results.
DuckDuckGo sources its ads from Yahoo.
Yahoo itself has formed a search alliance with Microsoft.
Whenever an advertising company signs up for an account with Bing Ads, the default settings ensure that the company’s ads enter the rotation schedule of all of Microsoft Bing’s distribution channels automatically.
One of those distribution channels is DuckDuckGo.
That’s not the important part though.
The important part here is that DuckDuckGo shows users untargeted ads.
In other words, DuckDuckGo bases these advertisements on the user’s search terms.
We have already noted the fact that DuckDuckGo clearly marks these results as ads.
Moreover, it displays them in a separate space, away from the natural search results.
DuckDuckGo also happens to be a part of eBay and Amazon affiliate programs.
In simpler terms, if the user visits eBay and/or Amazon via DuckDuckGo and then subsequently purchases a product, then DuckDuckGo would receive a commission, albeit a small one.
DuckDuckGo makes sure that it does not give out information that is personally identifiable.
Does this affiliate program affect search rankings?
DuckDuckGo says it does not influence them at all.
DuckDuckGo has stated many times that it does not share or collect any personal information.
It does add an affiliate code to various eCommerce sites such as eBay and Amazon.
But this affiliate code doesn’t really include any information that can personally identify an individual.
We have already mentioned the fact that DuckDuckGo is based in the United States of America.
And hence it does come under US law.
The government can pressurize DuckDuckGo to do things it may not want to do otherwise.
What do these laws mean for DuckDuckGo operations?
These laws mean that the United States government has the legal authority to mandate that search engines such as DuckDuckGo must start to log their users’ online activities.
Moreover, the US government can also prevent search engines for privacy such as DuckDuckGo from even alerting their users about such an arrangement via various Gag orders.
The other thing users need to know about DuckDuckGo is that it makes use of Amazon servers to do its business.
Amazon, as we all know, is also a United States company and comes under the authority of the US government.
As far as the security report from Qualys SSL labs is concerned, DuckDuckGo manages to score an A+.
We’ll talk more about recent updates to DuckDuckGo as a search engine service at the end of this guide.
We have already mentioned a couple of features.
But DuckDuckGo is more than just smart contextual filters and discrete non-targeted ads.
Perhaps the best feature that DuckDuckGo offers to its users is Bangs.
Bangs are just “!” characters which users may put at the end of their search query followed by a website address in order to search the other website easily and quickly.
Let’s take a look at an example.
If the user types a search string and then after that types !guk then DuckDuckgo will return search results from Google UK.
In another instance, if the user types !a after one of his/her search terms then DuckDuckGo will search the entire Amazon store for the user.
Readers need to note here that bangs only take the user to the website that the bang in question is related to.
What about the search terms themselves?
Well, they are proxied.
However, if the user has already signed into Amazon or Google, to take an example, then it is safe to assume that Google/Amazon would know who the user is.
After knowing that, they would continue to do what they do best.
Track and record.
Final Thoughts On DuckDuckGo As A Search Engine For Privacy
Our number one recommendation is DuckDuckGo as far as search engines for privacy go.
It has the best looks.
And is the most user-friendly of all search engines for privacy.
Both these qualities make sure that users have a good time using DuckDuckGo for all their online needs.
There will always be people who will continue to prefer Google over a Yahoo-DuckDuckGo partnership.
And that’s okay.
Readers need to remember that DuckDuckGo still uses Yahoo’s search results, so Google indeed has the lead over DuckDuckGo when it comes to the depth of its search engine and search engine results.
DuckDuckGo really kills the competition with its Bangs feature.
We know of some users who only use DuckDuckGo because of its Bangs feature even if they primarily use Google as their preferred search engine.
Just keep in mind that while you are using the Bangs feature, always sign out from your official Google account.
Only after that should you go ahead and use the Bangs feature to search via Google.
By now, no one should find it shocking why DuckDuckGo is the number one search engine for privacy.
Its popularity alone shows that this is a serious search engine with a serious focus on user privacy.
The fact that DuckDuckGo is based in the United States of America is the only negative of using DuckDuckGo as of now.
So readers should exercise some caution when searching for sensitive topics via DuckDuckGo.
- Uses Google results
- Is a Netherlands based company
- No targeted advertisements
- Has features such as proxy web pages
- No tracking
- No logging
- Has some servers that it operates from the United States.
Users have the choice of making use of non-US servers.
Lxquick and Startpage both belong to the same company in the sense that a single company runs both of these services.
A while back, lxquick used to return search results from multiple other search engines apart from Google.
On the other hand, Startpage only returned Google search results.
Two years ago that changed.
The company behind lxquick and StartPage combined the two services to form a single search engine.
Now, both services return search results identical to Google.
There was a time when the company behind lxquick continued to offer the lxquick service even though it did not actively support it.
But after a while, it suspended its lxquick metasearch engine in its entirety
In other words, the company behind Startpage no longer supports the older version of the online search service.
About two years ago, StartPage also removed all Yahoo results from its older (or legacy) online search engine.
This also happened about two years ago when news broke that Yahoo had actually assisted NSA to spy on all its users.
Fast forward to 2018 and now we have Startpage.com and lxquick.eu pointing towards the same page.
This search engine for privacy sports a cloudy blue sky.
That is the default theme.
And we are aware of the fact that many users may not like this theme.
Luckily, Startpage.com offers users the ability to change the theme colors from the settings menu.
From an overall perspective, there isn’t a whole lot wrong with the homepage of Startpage.
But for some reason, there are users who prefer the red-themed DuckDuckGo rather than the blue-themed StartPage.
What About Search Results?
StartPage offers much simpler search results than DuckDuckGo.
It doesn’t offer any suggestions as the user is typing.
On the flip side, this allows StartPage to return research results much faster than some of the other search engines around.
Of course, DuckDuckGo is still faster than StartPage in terms of page load speed.
Users have to remember that sometimes the answer to the question “which is the fastest” is very much a subjective debate.
Startpage.com does a good job of presenting its results in a clear manner.
Users have the facility of filtering their search results via categories such as,
The only downside here is that these are the only three categories available.
There is also an advanced online search option for users.
This option enables users to specify multiple search parameters.
The advanced search option also enables users to filter search results by time.
StartPage.com displays advertisements right above its search results.
Unlike Google, StartPage.com does mark its advertisements as advertisements pretty clearly.
And just like DuckDuckGo, it doesn’t just mix its advertisements search results with the natural search results.
As far as the Images category goes, StartPage.com doesn’t offer any additional filters.
Its video results page only shows the preview of the video in the form of an image.
StartPage allows users to play content from streaming sites such as YouTube.
However, users should remain vigilant about the fact that once they connect to YouTube to watch a video their connection is no longer private.
StartPage.com is a bit different from DuckDuckGo as it pulls its search results directly from the world’s most popular search engine Google.
Hence, its search results are almost as good as Google’s.
However, this also means another thing.
Any information which Google has decided to censor also gets censored in StartPage.com’s search results.
The other thing we would like to mention about StartPage.com is that its advertisement space is much more prominent than DuckDuckGo’s advertising space.
Just like DuckDuckGo, StartPage.com also has the capability to proxy web pages.
And that is great.
How Does StartPage.com Make Its Money?
Just like DuckDuckGo and probably every other search engine on the planet including Google.com, StartPage.com generates the majority of its revenue from affiliate links and advertisements.
But unlike Google, it doesn’t deliver targeted advertisements.
It marks them clearly.
And does not mix advertisement results with the organic search results.
As mentioned at the top as well, StartPage.com marks its advertisements results much more prominently than DuckDuckGo.
- StartPage is a company that is based in the Netherlands.
And the Netherlands, when compared to the United States of America, has stronger privacy laws.
- Startpage.com has servers which are collocated in the United States of America.
StartPage.com owns them.
And hence it is responsible for controlling them as well.
StartPage.com representatives will tell you that the company’s servers are very much secured against US government’s snooping attempts.
- However, for some, that may not be enough.
For such users, StartPage.com provides users with the option of using exclusively non-US servers.
There is also an option of using only non-EU servers.
- Users search queries can proxy returned web pages.
We’ll talk more about this feature a bit later in this guide.
- Of all the other search engines for privacy, StartPage is perhaps the only one that independent researchers have audited.
- As far as the security report from Qualys SSL labs is concerned, StartPage.com has a rating of A+.
DuckDuckGo had its BANGS.
What does StartPage.com offer?
Well, its best feature is the ability to proxy any given connection.
Users don’t have to visit any site directly.
For those who enable this option, Startpage.com would run one of its proxy servers and that proxy server would sit nicely between the website that the user wants to access and the user’s computer machine.
What does this do?
It blocks the accessed website from having any knowledge about the user’s real IP address.
This pretty much works like a VPN service.
But of course, a VPN service is the complete privacy solution, unlike a search engine that offers just a proxy feature.
With that said, it is true that once a user has managed to block a website from knowing his/her IP address, then the website can’t do anything to track the user across the web or use other kinds of fingerprinting technology for the purposes of tracking the user after identifying him/her.
There is a big downside as well.
Since the user is connected to the website via a proxy service, the connection is fairly slow.
By that we mean, that pages connected to via the proxy feature would take significantly more time to load.
Why is that?
Well, because the user has enabled the proxy feature, StartPage first has to retrieve the webpage’s content and then redisplay the webpage’s content for the user.
Even with that fault, we are inclined to think that this is a fantastic feature.
Because it helps the user to improve his/her online privacy.
The downside is something that most users would be willing to put up with if they know it is enhancing their privacy.
Moreover, users can just switch off the feature when they aren’t doing something sensitive or personal in nature.
Final Thoughts On StartPage.com
DuckDuckGo is more user-friendly and pretty than StartPage.
But StartPage is based in the Netherlands.
That gives it a huge advantage over DuckDuckGo which is based in the US.
Moreover, StartPage doesn’t have any partnership with Yahoo.
And since it is free from Yahoo and the US, it would have more resilience against NSA spying.
Of course, users will have to make sure that they specify that in the settings menu by only connecting to non-US servers.
DuckDuckGo, Startpage.com’s US rival, doesn’t offer that option.
Moreover, StartPage.com’s feature of connecting to web pages behind a proxy also gives it the leverage over other search engines for privacy.
- No advertisements
- Self-hosting feature is available
- Has the ability to access web pages through a proxy
- Users can select which search engines they want SearX to leverage
- It could log public instances
SearX has managed to gain a lot of traction within the online security community.
It is still less well-known than DuckDuckGo and StartPage.com.
But it is a legitimate option for people looking for more online privacy while searching.
SearX is completely open source.
Not only that, it is also pretty easy to set up.
Users willing to input a bit of time and effort can run their own instance of SearX for more privacy.
Along with that, there is also an official instance of SearX.
But that isn’t great for privacy.
Users also have the option of using one of the multiple public SearX instances that volunteers run all over the world.
However, SearX is not about that.
SearX is about the user running his/her own search engine instance.
This feature actually makes SearX the only known online metasearch engine that offers 100 percent zero-logs.
No one is keeping logs on the user if the user knows how to run an instance of SearX.
Again, it can’t compete with DuckDuckGo as far as aesthetics are concerned.
But SearX doesn’t have to.
Because it is not aiming to look beautiful.
SearX has one purpose.
And that is to provide maximum functionality.
So it isn’t pretty.
But it is very useful.
With that said, SearX sports a clean layout.
Which is good because users can see the content displayed clearly.
As mentioned above as well, users have the option of hosting custom SearX instances.
But don’t expect them to look very different.
Most of them feel and look pretty much similar to the SearX official template.
What About Search Results?
The default SearX settings ensure that it leverages search results from a multiple number of online search engines.
If users click on the preferences button then can actually tweak the settings to adjust the search engines that SearX utilizes to display search results.
SearX does not show any suggestions as the user is typing up his/her search query.
However, it does display suggestions once the search returns are displayed.
They are located on the right-hand side of the screen.
Users can filter searches with the help of several categories.
- Social Media
- Map. SearX makes use of OpenStreetMap for this filter option.
Users can also filter results by time.
Unlike Google, DuckDuckGo and Startpage.com, SearX does not show users any kind of ads.
It tries to populate the search results page by showing Wikipedia entries in the right-hand corner of the search results page.
As far as the Images category goes, SearX doesn’t have a sub-filter for this category.
It does show a preview of the image when the user clicks on it.
SearX displays the Video search results in the form of thumbnail previews.
If the user clicks on a given video, SearX takes the user to the website that is hosting the video.
In other words, if it is a YouTube video that the user wants to watch then SearX would take the user to YouTube in order to start playing the video.
A similar thing would happen if the user tried to view a Vimeo video.
Users also get the option of downloading their search results in the form of an RSS file, .json, and .csv.
SearX has a similar feature to Startpage where it allows users to view web pages with the help of a proxy service.
Users have to keep in mind that such a feature would likely break several websites.
But viewing a website while proxied can provide an extremely high level of online privacy.
But what about the actual quality of the search engine results?
Well, that would depend on the search engine options that the user would select from the Preferences menu.
The official and default settings make use of Wikipedia, Bing, and Google in addition to a host of lesser-known online but first-rate search engines.
Hence, the default settings provide users with an excellent quality of search results.
How Does SearX Generate Revenue?
Again, SearX is completely open source.
A decent number of volunteers run the project.
If we’re talking about the official SearX instance then there are no advertisements.
And there are no affiliate marketing links either.
Moreover, since SearX is one hundred percent open source, individual volunteers or operators have the freedom to bring in their own proprietary revenue generation models to public SearX instances.
With that said, our research shows that there are not many SearX instances which are complete affiliate free or ad-free.
What About Privacy?
As mentioned before, a user could come across any number of public SearX instances.
Hence, there is no sure fire way to know if any of those are involved in logging user information and search queries.
We would also like to tell our readers that the official instance of SearX may also log user information.
What we mean to say is that, there is no way to ensure that your privacy in 100 percent guaranteed.
However, readers should also know that there is no method of ensuring that the likes of StartPage, DuckDuckGo or any other online search engine for privacy isn’t logging the user’s search queries either.
Users who are really serious about their privacy should set aside a bit of time and then set up their own version of a SearX instance.
As a matter of fact, it is far better for the user to run SearX instance on one of his/her own servers.
Because that is the only way to ensure privacy and the fact that no one is logging the user’s searches and other information.
A SearX instance on a server that the user directly controls provides perfect privacy and anonymity.
The fact that users can set up their own instances of SearX makes SearX (a self-hosted one that is) the most private and secure online search engine in the world by a country mile.
Users who want to view documentation related to installing one’s own instance of SearX should click here.
Now we’ll come to the part that is more related to the casual online user.
If the user is not interested in learning all the things that are required to set up a SearX instance, then public SearX instances aren’t exactly bad options either.
They are not likely to log user searches.
Moreover, these public instances of SearX are likely to stay under the radar of intelligence agencies such as the NSA and the rest.
No one would be monitoring these public SearX instances.
Other services that we have mentioned so far cannot say the same about their offerings.
Again, we would like the reader to remember that there is no guarantee if someone or some organization is behind a given public SearX instance, although the chances of that are minimal.
The security report from Qualys SSL labs gives searx.me (which is the official SearX instance) an A.
Users should know that each given instance of SearX, either private or public, would have a different rating in this regard.
As mentioned before, there are zero ads on the official SearX instance and users can see possible search suggestions on the right-hand side of the listings.
Just like with StartPage.com, users can proxy various web pages as well.
As mentioned just now, StartPage.com and SearX have one killer feature and that is:
However, users who want to take advantage of this feature will have to live with the fact that it might break some websites that they visit on a regular basis.
Final Thoughts On SearX
A self-hosted open source instance of SearX is the absolute best method to ensure privacy.
And this holds true even for the most tech-savvy and privacy-conscious of people on the internet.
To put it in another way, nothing beats having certain knowledge that no one is logging the user’s searches.
This also puts SearX in a league of its own.
Casual internet consumers may find it surprising the ease with which they can use this software even on public instances.
Our research suggests that public instances are less likely to log the user’s searches.
They are also likely to become targets of US government spying, especially when compared to services such as Disconnect, StartPage, and DuckDuckGo.
Of course, we have no way to prove that assertion.
- Great selection of online search engines
- No advertisements
- No tracking
- And no logging
- It is based in the US so users have to think about organizations such as the NSA.
- Makes use of Amazon servers, so users (again) have to think about the NSA and the CIA among other organizations.
Disconnect is a very hard service to review and recommend.
Not because it is worthless.
But because it is based in the US.
Even with that, Disconnect has managed to make quite a name for its services.
By offering excellent privacy-first and open source web browser extensions.
The most famous of these extensions is Disconnect Search.
It is an open source add-on for Chrome and Firefox.
There is also an Android application available for users to use on their smartphone devices but the app itself is not open source.
Most of the users who have installed Disconnect have done so with the help of the company’s web browser add-on.
As mentioned just now, the name of the browser is Disconnect Search.
It enables users to use the Disconnect Search webpage in order to search the web.
Disconnect is much more than a privacy add-on.
It also markets several other products.
Products such as a premium VPN product and a decent online security application.
All of these applications come built-in with Disconnect Search’s functionality.
What About Search Results?
For the majority of the cases, users have to use the browser extension and/or addon in order to do actual searching.
Users also have the option of selecting from three search engines.
The three search engines that Disconnect offers are,
DuckDuckGo is the default search engine though.
We have discussed multiple metasearch engines which are focused on privacy in this guide.
But Disconnect is unlike any of them.
How is it different?
It is different because it doesn’t really display any search returns using its official website.
What it does is that it routes the results of the search via its own servers.
This enables Disconnect to hide the origin of those results and the queries related to them.
Then, Disconnect opens these search results in the given search engine’s own webpage.
Disconnect also has a feature which allows it to display results in Incognito mode.
How Does Disconnect Generate Revenue?
While the Disconnect Search web browser extension is free for use, the company also has some Premium products.
As mentioned above, Disconnect does a decent job of hiding the user’s IP address when the user is making all the searches.
After that, it sends the user directly to the user’s pre-selected default search engine.
What does that mean for the end user?
It means that Disconnect doesn’t have to rely on any affiliate marketing links no advertising to do its work and provide a search service to users.
What About Privacy?
Some users a more NSA-phobic than others.
Disconnect isn’t a good choice for them.
Because Disconnect, as a company, operates out of the US.
Of course, Disconnect add-on and/or browser extension is completely open source.
But there is no way to know if Disconnect logs user’s search requests.
It certainly can.
Especially since all of the search queries have to pass through the company’s own servers.
Moreover, Disconnect uses Amazon servers to host its online services.
The security report from Qualys SSL Labs gives Disconnect an A.
Remember that this rating is for Disconnect.me.
Final Thoughts On Disconnect
If the user wants to have an easy and quick way of hiding his/her true identity then Disconnect Search add-on and/or browser extension provides that.
All the while, users can search via their favorite online search engine without having to worry about privacy.
The only major issue with Disconnect is that it is based in the US.
Peekier is probably an option you have never heard of.
Why is that?
Because it is new.
Probably the newest in the field of no-log search engines.
That is also the reason why the internet doesn’t have much information about Peekier as a service.
As time passes, more and more people will give their reviews on how good or bad Peekier really is.
Then it would become much easier for us to give a general assessment of this search engine.
However, we would like to mention here that because of the innovative and attractive way it shows all the search results to users, it had to have a place on our list of best search engines for privacy.
If users utilize this service to search then it will display the results in the form of large thumbnails that preview the web pages that search query returned.
The search engine field is pretty bland in the sense that almost all online search engines have a similar feel and look.
Peekier takes a different approach.
And that makes it worthwhile to try out at least.
But before we can give a well-researched ruling on Peekier, perhaps it is best for users to keep an eye on Peekier but not use the service for sensitive tasks.
After this service develops more, we’ll have a clearer idea of whether it can match the quality of services that, for example, DuckDuckGo offers.
We have mentioned four top class privacy-focused search engines.
The fifth one may not be the best but it is there because at least it has made the effort of offering a search engine for privacy.
Regardless of that fact, all options will enhance the user’s online search privacy.
The more crucial point is that these search engines for privacy will likely never record the user’s search queries.
They don’t involve themselves in building a profile on the user.
And they don’t try to sell people stuff too much of the time.
All of the options that we have listed here in this list of best search engines for privacy are pretty easy to use.
They also happen to return decent results.
The most user-friendly of all the options that we have listed here is without a doubt DuckDuckGo.
DuckDuckGo is the perfect search engine for people who want to transition away from mainstream search engines such as Google but want to do so slowly.
But what about the likes of the NSA and other forms of government surveillance?
More specifically, will these services protect their users from spying activities?
Well, the answer isn’t a simple one.
The search engines which are run by companies that are based in the United States may have a hard time providing such services.
So it is safe to assume that they would not do anything against surveillance programs.
Of course, users who only want to protect their privacy and don’t want to engage in something that is illegal, don’t have to worry about such issues.
Our second recommendation was StartPage.com.
This is a search engine that isn’t based in the US.
Moreover, independent researchers have audited this search engine.
It enables users to have access to websites without compromising privacy.
And all of that is because of its official proxy feature.
Privacy heads will have better peace of mind with Startpage.com than DuckDuckGo.
Then there is SearX.
Or to be more precise SearX public instances.
No one is going to bother monitoring them because they are not as high profile as some of the other options that we have mentioned in our list of best search engines for privacy.
But of course, no one can guarantee that the user’s data won’t get logged while using SearX instances.
The only problem is that users will not get to know the operators of any given public SearX instance.
For such users, perhaps running a self-hosted SearX instance may present the best option.
Under such an arrangement, the user himself/herself is directly controlling the hardware.
And that allows the user to have a setup that is extremely private and secure.
For maximum privacy, the only recommendation that we would like to put forward is a self-hosted SearX instance.
But remember, this is only for the privacy fanatics.
Then there is the fact that SearX is able to return those on-the-button results coming from all the good mainstream search engines.
It also has a great interface.
Both these features put the icing on the cake as far as SearX is concerned.
Recently the CEO of DuckDuckGo, Gabriel Weinberg came out and said that he believed that DuckDuckGo represented the most private and secure search engine after a search engine that the user self-hosts.
Weinberg also mentioned that users who have concerns about DuckDuckGo being a company based in the United States and having strong relations with the likes of Yahoo were, for the most part, exaggerating things.
According to the CEO, DuckDuckGo did not keep any logs.
And that meant no one could use a subpoena to force DuckDuckGo to release user information.
Because DuckDuckGo doesn’t have any.
Hence, it makes no difference with which companies DuckDuckGo strikes a partnership.
There is no information about any DuckDuckGo user or his/her search queries.
The CEO also mentioned that US citizens now enjoyed many legal protections against all types of government spying activities.
And some of these were not available to companies based in other countries.
Moreover, he also mentioned that DuckDuckGo operated via servers that were located outside the US.
So users who reside outside the US and use DuckDuckGo will never have to worry about being connected to a server that is based in the US.
Do we believe the CEO?
Well, we would say that any company that is based in the United States is a company that one has to keep an eye on as far as privacy is concerned.
We won’t discuss much about this issue in his guide but in the future, we will definitely discuss how a company that operates out of the United States affects user privacy.
So stay tuned.

Hyderabad has always a large number of tourist groups congregating around the city all through the year. The princely city of Hyderabad has a host of options for sightseeing and is apparently one of the best places to experience the real South India culture and Mughal grandeur. However before you plan your trip, just check out for the right seasons, as this place is quite infamous for its searing temepratures. Geographically situated on the Southern Peninsula, this place has a rock-strewn and rough terrain. As far as the climate is concerned, the city has a contrasting weather with extreme dry and wet conditions. The temperatures in Hyderabad can rise up to 440C during the summer seasons and can go down as low as 80C during the winter months. Hyderabad has a blend of old world charisma with the vibrancies of modern world, making it one of the best places to explore. With Charminar, Golconda Fort, Chowmahalla Palace, Falaknuma Palace, Salar Jung Museum and many other exciting destinations to its name, a trip to Hyderabad is worth every penny. Read this article to know more on the best time to visit the city.
When to Go to Hyderabad
Hyderabad has a tropical climate that is extremely arid and damp. So it’s important to choose the right time to visit the metropolitan. Hyderabad shows great disparity in its climatic conditions throughout the year. The temperatures in summer rise up to 440C during the peak summer months of April, May and June. Monsoon usually hits towards the end of June and continues until early October. Hyderabad gets a good 810 mm of rainfall each year. Winters in Hyderabad sets in during late October and last up to early February with temperatures ranging from 290C to 140C.
Opting Your Favorite Season
If you enjoy the rainfall and if the dampness does not bother you, then July to early October is the right time to tour the city. However, if you love feeling the sun’s heat on your skin and prefer to tour under a clear blue sky, then February to early March is the right time to go. The heat wave during this time is tolerable as compared to the later months. However, make sure to consume sufficient fluids to avoid getting your throats desiccated. Also, don’t forget to carry sun screen lotions, wide brimmed hats and umbrella to safeguard yourself from the harsh sunrays. However, if you prefer a pleasant weather then late October to early February is the best time to rush to Hyderabad.
Best Time To Visit
The ideal time to visit Hyderabad would be during winter as the temperature dips downwards considerably during the months of October and February. Hyderabad is well known for its searing heat wave. Hence, it’s best to visit the place during winter to make your trip pleasurable and avoid warm temperatures and perspiration. The city brings together the royal grandeur of the bygone epoch and beautiful scenic landscape that are a complete delight to your senses. Another reason for you to visit Hyderabad during winter is to experience the harvest festival known as ‘Pongal’. The festival usually comes in the month of January. So, join the celebration and enjoy the delicacies of this regional culinary on your visit to the city.

We are pleased to announce the release of our sixth single "Winter Lungs"! It is now available wherever fine music is sold.
We are pleased to announce the release of our newest single "Tape/Loop"! It is now available wherever fine music is sold.
Brooklyn-based AM to AM's debut full length album Shadown Bully drops Friday August 14th, and it should not be missed! The band blends pop, hard-rock, and electronic influences to create some very heavy yet very danceable tracks. You hear the first single Tilting at Windmills below:
The inevitable rise in the popularity of music streaming services has transformed the way that we interact with music (arguably both for the better and for the worse). On one hand, I have the world's greatest record collection at my disposal, but on the other hand, I often find myself paralyzed by the amount of music and gravitating towards that which I am already familiar with. Similarly, I get exposed to more new music than ever, while simultaneously spending less time sitting with and digesting that music. Additionally, there has been a fundamental shift in our perceived monetary value of music, which raises all kinds of issues for both burgeoning startups services and struggling artists.
Today Apple's answer to streaming music launched into this volatile, yet growing industry. Apple Music aims to connect tastemakers, artists, and fans in new ways to create an all in one destination for music. While I was pretty skeptical of another service promising to "save" music, Trent Reznor and co. have managed to deliver on a unique, personal musical experience. Here are some of my initial impressions with regards to Apple Music:
Check out Seth run through the drums on Your Teeth Shake for a Cakewalk drum production workshop.
If you have lived in or around the Boston metropolitan area, you have probably heard of a divey, live music bar called TT the Bear's Place. This Cambridge rock club—with arguable the greatest venue name in all of New England—has been a consistent haven for local music fans and a chrysallis for up-and-coming bands. From The Pixies to The Smashing Pumpkins, dozens of iconic acts have rocked TTs. And after over 40+ years in business and 30+ years of showcasing live music seven nights a week, TT the Bear's Place will close, later this summer.

This saucy burger filling made with black lentils updates one of my childhood favorite meals. My Mom made Gooshy Burgers with browned ground beef and canned French onion soup. My version has all the comfort and yum but without the fat and cholesterol. Add Worcestershire sauce, red onions, and spices for deep flavor without the […]
This rich, flavorful mushroom sauce takes just six ingredients and fifteen minutes to make. Use it as a spread for my Asparagus-Mushroom Crostini or other snacks, as a dip for veggies or chips, and as a sauce for pasta. Using organic ingredients, Rich Mushroom Sauce costs just $5.26 a recipe or 38 cents for a […]
Looking for a plant-based main dish for a meat-and-potatoes man? Searching for a healthy centerpiece for your Christmas feast? Look no further than my Vegan Shepherd’s Pie! The thick, umami-rich bottom layer features black lentils, aromatic vegetables, and savory spices. Top it with mashed potatoes and bake until browned and crispy. Serve it with ketchup […]
Spread a spicy tahini mixture on thinly sliced eggplant, bake briefly, and wrap around cantaloupe bites. Ta-da! You’ve made an easy yet elegant summer appetizer that packs a flavor punch. Pop a Spicy Melon Bite in your mouth and notice the sensations: Smooth, slightly sweet eggplant Creamy umami burst from the spicy tahini spread Refreshing […]
There is no excerpt because this is a protected post.

HAND CRAFTED BESPOKE ITINERARIES
WE MAKE YOUR DREAM DESTINATIONS A REALITY
Airtours will work with you to tailor make an itinerary that suits your requirements. We take great pleasure in creating a tour which allows you to see the best of Australia's offerings with ease, in comfort and with the best operators in Australia. The high performance turboprop aircraft we utilise enable vast distances to be covered efficiently without compromising on the ability to land at remote, dirt airstrips located throughout the outback of Australia. The aircraft types are just as much at home in major city
aerodromes as they are on rugged dirt runways in the middle of nowhere.
Itineraries are all inclusive, with private touring, accommodation, unique local interactions, meals and
drinks available at each location to the level you require to make memories for your family.
THE FLINDERS RANGES
The Flinders Ranges in South Australia is a breathtaking masterpiece
effortlessly combining the outback vista with plentiful wildlife and luxurious accommodation options. Featuring highly on guests wish lists, this destination will not disappoint.
With easy access from Adelaide by air, a 50 minute flight will see you arriving in the heart of the flinders ready to discover the unique geological history with passionate locals. A day trip from Adelaide, or several days spent as part of a longer tour, this destination is truly beautiful.
Located just 40 minutes by car to the South of Adelaide, the Fleurieu Peninsula is an area with abundant offerings. Vintage biplane flights, sunset horse rides along pristine beaches, magnificent views, world class
wineries and sensational local produce are only some reasons to visit this secluded area. Spend a day discovering the Fleurieu!
"Blessed are the curious for they will have adventures"
Located off the coast of Adelaide, stepping off your private aircraft at Kangaroo Island is like arriving into another world. Rugged coastlines, turquoise waters and plentiful
wildlife are only some of the draw cards of this southern ocean island paradise.
A 20 minute flight from Adelaide provides for exceptionally easy access and the ability to be
included in many different touring itineraries.
Accommodation options vary from local motels to world class luxury lodges such as Southern Ocean Lodge, there is something for everyone.
GREAT OCEAN ROAD
The Great Ocean Road is an Australian National Heritage listed 243 kilometres (151 mi) stretch of road along the south-eastern coast
of Australia between the Victorian cities of Torquay and Allansford.
Built by returned soldiers between 1919 and 1932 and dedicated to soldiers killed during World War I, the road is the world's largest war memorial. Winding through varying terrain along the coast and providing access to several prominent landmarks, including the
Twelve Apostles limestone stack formations, the road is an important tourist attraction in the region.
Gawler Ranges National Park - a rugged outback experience with a different view around every corner. A quick 60 minute flight from Adelaide will have you landing in the remote wilderness of the Gawler Ranges. Luxury safari camp lodging provides for an intimate experience like no other with daily guided tours discovering the local area.
Wildlife wanders through the camp going about its daily business whilst you marvel in the up close interaction they allow. You will be able to visit expansive dry salt lakes where the salt crust glistens in the outback sun, reaching far beyond the horizon.
An exciting and not to be missed opportunity whilst here is a stop at Streaky Bay to join a swim with the sea lions experience - these playful creatures of the sea will leave you smiling for days!
"The most beautiful in the world is, of course, the world itself"
Located in the harsh outback of South Australia, Coober Pedy is a 100 minute flight from Adelaide. A wonderful stop to learn about outback living with locals living in dug outs, underground houses. A stop at an opal mine to learn about the opal trade is a must.
Further afield and with more time, a tour to the breakaways is always spectacular, although a fly over in your aircraft as your depart for locations such as Ayers Rock is also
a fabulous option.
AUSTRALIA WIDE - THERE IS NO LIMIT
Australia is a big place, and Airtours itineraries are able to cover as much or as little as you desire. Our aircraft have the ability to efficiently fly between destinations in comfort, day and night, and in all weather.
Whether you are looking for additional experiences whilst transferring between locations, or a 3 week Australia wide tour we can advise and create an itinerary which will meet your requirements and exceed your expectations.
Begin the conversation today with Airtours!
HOW TO BEGIN
At Airtours, we are passionate about bringing the best of Australia to you, to enable you to sit back and relax knowing everything is
taken care of.
We are dedicated to ensuring your itinerary allows you to discover what you want to, not necessarily what every other traveler has
discovered before you.
We will discuss your interests, requirements and absolute must do destinations and come up with an individual tour for you. We may
also suggest some extra locations or experiences you don't know about to ensure you find the memories you are looking for.
"The most beautiful place in the world is, of course, the world itself"
The aircraft we use are 11 seat turboprops; fast, efficient and pressurised for your comfort but enabling remote outback landings with ease.
A maximum of 10 passengers can be accommodated in a single aircraft (multiple aircraft on request) with 1 pilot and 9 passengers with 2 pilots on request.
The aircraft and crew are yours for
the duration of your time spent
touring with Airtours.

(FOX 2) - Southfield A&T High School is where 7th grader Isaiah Marshall will be playing in a couple of years - and a few years after that - Ann Arbor?
"This was at Ford Field and we were losing by like 10, we scored and got the ball back," said Marshall. "There was like seven seconds left and I threw a game-winning touchdown."
Meet the 13-year-old Southfield kid with a cannon for an arm who's also one of, if not the youngest ball player to receive a scholarship offer from Michigan Coach Jim Harbaugh.
He was at Southfield A&T for a recruiting visit Tuesday. Harbaugh rwatched footage of Isaiah playing for the Southfield Lathrup Falcons Football Club.
"He ended up checking out some film of Isaiah," said Brian Marshall, his father. "He liked what he saw and he liked the things he was doing especially for his age and he gave me a call."
It is too much too soon? It's a fair question. Even so, Isaiah's parents are keeping him grounded.
His mom, Yolanda, was a scholarship basketball player at DePaul University. His dad, Brian, played football at Northwestern and was an All-American running back at Bloomfield Hills Brother Rice.
And then there's the host of uncles, cousins and other relatives who played Division 1 college football and even professional football.
"He is around a lot of people who are going to keep him on track," said dad Brian Marshall. "If he slides off track they will be around to straighten him up because they know what is necessary and what needs to be done.
Ryan Ermanni says while this is not yet a trend in college football, more and more coaches are offering scholarships to tweens.
"It's just one of those things where you see a kid who you think is really good or projects to be really good and you want to be that coach come a couple of years ahead and say I was with you from the beginning," Ermanni said.
"I'm proud of him, he works hard, if anybody deserves it, he definitely does because he's a great kid," said mother Yolanda Marshall.
"Nothing changes," his dad said. "He will have the same routine - he'll be going to church Sunday, he'll be doing his same workouts, he'll be going to hang with his friends."
Harbaugh has offered a scholarship to a 7th grader before, back in June it was Dante Moore.
Also receiving an offer today - Southfield A&T quarterback Anthony Romphf.

With track time strictly limited on Sunday due to planning regulations, the club managed 20 races and two parade sessions on both days of the event.
CRMC provides the opportunity to race machinery from an era when the Japanese manufacturers were displacing the long-established British and European factories to eventually dominate almost every type of competition. A measure of compensation was offered by the variety of machinery racing and the entry at Lydden certainly reflected that, with a fine mix competing in a number of classes.
Enjoy more Classic MotorCycle reading in the monthly magazine.
Click here to subscribe & save.
The starter looked out over a full grid for most of the races, where up to four different classes might be combined. The sight of 200cc four-strokes and two-strokes mixing it with 250 Ducatis and 350 Gold Stars around the sinuous mile that constitutes a lap of Lydden may be unusual, but it's also very entertaining.
Top 350 Goldie man was Lancleot Unissart, who was trailed home by John Warwick on each of their four outings. Warwick had a better result with his bigger Goldie, with two wins on Sunday. His nemesis in this class was Dutch visitor Joop van de Pol. George Hogton-Rusling hustled his Trident to three victories in Formula 750. Prestige race of the weekend was the Charlie Sanby Trophy, a round of the CRMC's 'King of the Classics' championship. Hogton-Rusling was Yamaha-mounted to take this one and the best of the British bikes was Gary Thwaites' 940cc Triumph in third.
Among Olie Linsdell's rides was the Flitwick Motorcycles Enfield and he had little opposition in his 500 Clubman class. Alex Sinclair (Egli Vincent) beat the Manxes and G50s for 500GP honours.
A bumper sidecar entry got three races each day. In Period 1, smooth operators Bill Hodgkins/Bert Vloemans took three victories on their Windle Norton. The BMW-mounted Jason and Daniel Reilly were usually in 'furious-pursuit' mode but scored a win and three second places for their crowd-pleasing efforts. Jon Perkins/Ian Nickels (BMW) continued to dominate Period 2. Kevin Hunt/Alan Cracknell posted four wins on their 1172 Patterson ImpEnjoy more The Classic MotorCycle reading in the monthly magazine. Click here to subscribe.

This week’s favourite photo is courtesy of Royal Canadian Air Force Capt ret’d Cous Cousineau, SC, MSM, CD and founder of Paws Fur Thought.
Shot after dark, this stunning and tranquil image features Quidi Vidi, a neighbourhood in St. John’s, Newfoundland and Labrador. The village is located at Quidi Vidi Lake.
Cousineau noted he shot it at 10mm, ISO 2500, f 6.3, and 15-second exposure off of a tripod using a cable release.
“Photography has helped me see the world in a different light, and learning to employ different techniques has certainly helped expand my viewpoints,” said Cousineau.

|Monday||M||23 May||7:00am - 9:30pm|
|Tuesday||T||24 May||7:00am - 9:30pm|
|Wednesday||W||25 May||7:00am - 9:30pm|
|Thursday||T||26 May||7:00am - 9:30pm|
|Friday||F||27 May||7:00am - 9:30pm|
|Today||S||28 May||8:00am - 9:30pm|
|Tomorrow||S||29 May||11:00am - 5:00pm|
Today, the Subway brand is the world's largest submarine sandwich chain with more than 44,000 locations around the world. They've become the leading choice for people seeking quick, nutritious meals that the whole family can enjoy. As they continue to grow Subway are guided by co-founder Fred DeLuca's passion for delighting customers by serving delicious, made-to-order sandwiches.

From Aisgill Moor Cottages, east across the railway bridge then north to Hellgill Force. Continuing north on footpaths to Elmgill, crossing the B6259 and following A Pennine Journey to Pendragon Castle. Return by way of the B6259 through Outhgill, on to the Pennine Bridleway at The Thrang, and via a footpath at Hell Gill Bridge. A 10-mile walk in the Yorkshire Dales.
The best map to use on this walk is the Ordnance Survey map of the Howgill Fells & Upper Eden Valley, reference OS Explorer OL19, scale 1:25,000. It clearly displays footpaths, rights of way, open access land and vegetation on the ground, making it ideal for walking, running and hiking. The map can be purchased from Amazon in either a standard, paper version or a weatherproof, laminated version, as shown below.
Settle to Carlisle railway line running through the valley of Mallerstang.
Looking north along the dale of Mallerstang.
Waterfalls beneath Hanging Lund Scar.
Dead moles hanging on barbed wire.
Thrang Bridge across the River Eden.
Pendragon Castle is now a ruin in the Mallerstang valley to the south of Kirkby Stephen. It occupies a site close to a young River Eden with the peaks of Wild Boar Fell and Mallerstang Edge towering over it. The castle is steeped in history.
According to legend the original castle was built by Uther Pendragon, father of King Arthur, in the 5th century and may have been the site of his death when a well was poisoned by the Saxons. However, there is no evidence to support the legend that there was a castle here before the 12th century.
Pendragon Castle has had several notable owners including Sir Hugh de Morville – one of the knights who murdered Sir Thomas Beckett in 1170. He was Lord of Westmorland and Hugh’s Seat – a peak on the Mallerstang ridge – is named after him. Lady Anne Clifford was a very well known landowner who rebuilt the castle after it had been destroyed by a Scott’s raiding party. She added a brewhouse, bakery, stables and coach house and was a frequent visitor until her death in 1676.
St Mary’s Church, Outhgill, in the Mallerstang valley.
Eden Benchmarks is a series of 10 contemporary stone sculptures located at intervals along the length of the River Eden between its source above the Mallerstang valley and Rockliffe, north of Carlisle, where it runs into the Solway Firth.
The first sculpture in the series is called ‘Water Cut’ and is located a few miles from the source of the River Eden, high up on the eastern side of the Mallerstang valley. Like a huge milestone, it stands alongside the ancient green road known as Lady Anne Clifford’s Way. The space carved between the two vertical pillars creates the shape of a meandering river in the sky and provides a ‘window’ onto the real river in the valley below. It also symbolises the power of the River Eden cutting through the rock on its journey through East Cumbria and our own human journeys through the rural landscape and through life. Made from Salterwath Limestone, taken from a quarry near Shap, it also resembles the gate posts and stiles in drystone walls, which are so characteristic of the area, whilst its outer curve refers to the viaduct arches on the nearby Settle to Carlisle railway line.
Old Roman road across Hellgill Wold.
A deep narrow ravine cut out by Hell Gill Beck.
Hell Gill Bridge.
Hell Gill Beck, which becomes the River Eden further down.
Check out these products
Two of many very good base layers from the Amazon Berghaus store. Available in a variety of colours and sizes. I often wear them together for extra warmth and insulation.

Claire Still (Thompson)
Claire attended her first Ballet class at 3 years old, and her love for dance grew from there. At 6, she began attending classes in Ballroom and Latin, Street & Disco Freestyle, Rock 'n' Roll and Classical Sequence; all of which fall under the umbrella term of 'Dance Sport'.
Between the ages of 6 and 16 Claire entered ISTD (Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing) examinations and competitions in all 5 Dance Sport genres. She set an aim with her dance teacher to achieve Gold Star standard before she was 12 years old (Juvenile) in all 5 genres, which she achieved. She then went on to complete her examinations to Gold Star level in the Junior age category in both her own role; and in a partnering role in preparation for professional work.
Her achievements include winning 6 National Championship Competitions; and 3 National Championship titles - Ballroom, Latin, Sequence in the same year!
Having always strived for a career in dance teaching, to share her passion with others, Claire turned professional at 16, taking her first qualification. From there she worked hard to complete her qualifications in 5 genres to Licentiate level, which allowed her to adjudicate at competitions and lecture on behalf of the ISTD. She has attained between 96% - 99% in all of her professional examinations, in both the practical and theory sections. Claire was also the first Dance Sport professional to complete the FDI and CDE examinations, for which she was used as a mock candidate to help train the examiners at ISTD headquarters.
In 2008 Claire was awarded the Phyllis Haylor scholarship by the ISTD - an award given to the most promising young professional. Just a year later she received the 'Coach of the Year' Award from the West Suffolk Sports Partnership, having been nominated by a number of individuals.
Claire presented her first lecture on behalf of the ISTD in 2009, and has lectured many many times to date, at annual congresses for all faculties; as well as assisting other lecturers. Recently on behalf of the ISTD's brand new Springboard event at Urdang Academy, London; along side other lecturers such as ITV's Britain's Got Talent Dance group 'Flawless' and members of the Royal Ballet School.
Claire now sits on the Modern Ballroom Faculty Committee for the ISTD, helping to shape the future of Ballroom Dance.
Building her school...
In 2003 at just 15, Claire opened up her first set of classes alongside her teacher. After gaining experience and leaving school Claire ran these alone working hard to build and expand the timetable; and those classes have been successfully running in the Newmarket area ever since.
As well as running the Newmarket classes Claire worked to develop more teaching work, and achieved an opening in a local primary school in Cambridgeshire - Foxton Primary. It started by running a before school club which this really took off, and she was soon approached by other local schools to run the same. Claire went on to teach during curriculum time in addition to the before and after school clubs, offering dance opportunities to all children. Twelve years on, and the strand of the Studio 'Funky Feet' , as it has been renamed, has and continues to work in many primary and middle schools across Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire and Suffolk.
After 7 years hard work, the most exciting venture, Claire achieved one of her dreams - she purchased the premises that is now The Studio - CT. After lots of planning, working and decorating, it was opened in October 2010, offering students the beautiful purpose built dance studio for their training. Five years on and The Studio has gone from strength to strength, adding many classes, and teachers, to its timetable both at the premises and at outside venues.
Pupils of The Studio - CT have been lucky including guest teaching and performances from the professionals of BBC's Strictly Come Dancing, the World Latin American Champions, and Masterclasses from West End cast members.

When most people picture pet cats, they imagine them lounging around on sofas or sleeping in soft patches of sunlight.
They’re not known for being the most adventurous animals, but one woman is hoping to change the public’s perception of that.
Doina Muravschi adopted Bounty over a year ago from a woman who was looking to get rid of him. Muravschi didn’t want to see the little feline go to the shelter, so she offered him a forever home – something that would change both of their lives forever!
Since adopting Bounty, the two have gone on numerous adventures throughout Italy, participating in cycling tours, mountaineering, and camping!
Muravschi started a Facebook page to document their adventures together and has gained hundreds of followers.
In an interview with La Repubblica, she explained that she made a special backpack just for Bounty so he could join her on adventures and travels.
She said, “I made a backpack by hand especially for him, because for some journeys the pet carrier is not suitable. To test it I climbed the Grignetta and he appreciated it very much. never complained.”
It seems the cat may be the first feline to hike to the top of the 7,100-foot mountain in the Italian Alps, and without so much as a “meow” of protest!
“Together we’ve already gone on trips of more than a month—last autumn, when we went from Ballabio to Matera by bike. At the start, Bounty was a little agitated, but after the first few days started to enjoy himself. While I peddled, he slept in the carrier,” she explained La Repubblica.
Her hope is to educate the public on cats and break the stereotype that cats should be kept indoors, doing little more than playing with mouse toys and scratch pads. They can experience life and go on adventures, just like dogs!
Watch her video below:
You can keep up with Doina and Bounty on Facebook here!
Help Rescue Animals
Provide food and vital supplies to shelter pets at The Animal Rescue Site for free! →

After several years on Megadrive side, I recently get hooked by the lil' Wonderswan.
I was looking for a way to homebrew develop on it and unfortunalty, no dedicated emulator include debug feature.
So I moved to MAME, since it include a full debugger and GFX Viewer.
Unfortunately, the GFX Viewer part isn't present, like most of the CONS system it seems.
And so began my journey on MAME driver update.
I must say, sorry, that it was VERY difficult to start and while I was about to stop, I finally was able to add GFX Viewer support.
and so I'm currently improve it step by step....What is done
GFX Viewer for WS Classic
use of LOGMasked
(available on my MAME fork, wswan branch at https://github.com/KanedaFr/mame/tree/wswan
)What is in progress
Serial link support
My main reason to post of this forum is to be sure I do it the right way and, if interested, understand how to post my update to main branch, to allow any other people to use it.
I hope it's alright with the guidelines and that I will be able to at last give somethink back to MAME, after so many years using it for playing, hacking, etc....

More important than beating the DS
More important than the tragedies of tribulation
More important than feeding the hungry
More important than ending all the wars
More important than freeing all of humanity from slavery
More important than saving the children
The MOST IMPORTANT thing is to choose sides NOW; believe in your Lord Jesus Christ, don’t wait until it’s too late. Then once you have chosen the Next most important thing is to scream from the mountain tops the truth and evangelize the world to do the same, unabated and unafraid of persecution, KNOWING that eternal salvation awaits those who do and eternal damnation awaits those who don’t.
As a former atheist, I understand the hesitation of those who don’t believe. I understand the ignorance of what to do.
It’s quite simple.
Repent from the acts of wickedness you participated in, wittingly or unwittingly.
Genuinely Ask God and Jesus for forgiveness.
Share and show this love to others!
The “nothing” in the phrase “nothing can stop what’s coming” is any humanly or demonic entity, including Satan himself.
The “what’s coming” is Jesus himself.
Whether it’s in our life time or our children’s lifetime, it matters not, although looking around at the world it would appear we must be getting close.
You don’t have to believe me.
But those that choose this path will KNOW I was telling you the truth.
Set your soul free from the traps of the SATANIC PIECES OF SH** that rule this earth, including Satan himself.
Free will is a thing.
It’s both a gift and a law of this universe-
all you have to do is:
>ignore the naysayers here to stop you
>and do all of these things without FEAR.
BIG FACTS. 100%.

Climate Generation roots our work in the stories we all have as eyewitnesses to climate change.
Growing up in Minnesota as a descendant from pioneer farmers, I did not learn the history of the Dakota people, whose ancestral homeland I also call home. I was lucky to spend my college years in California in my maternal home, and to learn about the incredible history of farming and farmworker rights in California.
I got involved in solidarity campaigns with undocumented neighbors and rallies to save the South Central Farm. I joined the Peace Corps and worked alongside rural farmers in Ecuador in a community that experienced the highest rates of emigration in the country over the previous decade of a weak agricultural economy. This time was also the peak of the Lago Agrio lawsuit against Chevron, when communities sued for damages from irreparable oil contamination on the other side of the country I came to also call home.
I returned to my original home of Minnesota with new eyes and new relationships, driven to continue working with communities to exercise their power to self-determine and shape their sustainable futures. My work with Climate Generation comes after years alongside Latinx communities who call Minnesota home, some for generations and some newly so, with LGBTQ+ communities who are often familiar with the loss and creation of a sense of home, and with the environmental sector which is coming to terms with its racist footprints and false one-size-fits-all policies. As I eagerly anticipate attending COP25, I am excited to bring this lens to the international climate change negotiations.
Chile remains in the Presidency of the negotiations, an opportunity to elevate the impacts climate change is having on Latin American nations.
It also highlights the dangers of false solutions that fail to address rising inequalities in our communities that have led to Spain host the event in the face of unrest and militarization in Chile. As countries come together for multilateral solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to stabilize our climate, we must be thoughtful of how solutions will also stabilize our social, political, and economic challenges as climate change tests our resilience worldwide. We must advance solutions that protect human rights and enable the movement of communities searching for safety and stability across borders as they are displaced by climate change and its many impacts.
Minnesota is a place where ancestral nations still call home and where pioneers stole the land for their home, with a modern history of refugees making a home; all who have shaped our current fabric.
Yet communities continue to face challenges from many unwilling to share their home or unwilling to adapt to a changing climate, whether meteorological or social. Some communities in Minnesota will also experience displacement from flooding river valleys, wildfires, contamination, and other challenges of our own creation. We must support one another near and far as we grapple to find our new normal.
Climate Generation believes that the solutions lie in the communities most impacted by climate change. I look forward to learning models from around the world and meeting partners at COP who are shaping solutions with their communities to protect their homes or search for new places to call home.
It is time to act on climate change with intersectional solutions as we build a resilient Minnesota on this planet, the home we all share.

- Next Estimated Jackpot EUR 10,400,000
- 05/22/2022 11:00:00
El Gordo de la Primitiva is a Spanish lottery game which literally translates as 'the fat one' - a name commonly used in Spain for the largest prize in any lottery, which can be confusing at times. There is also a special Christmas lottery commonly called El Gordo, so it's important to be sure which one you are talking about.
The draw selects five numbers from a pot of 54, along with a single ball from a separate pot of ten, with players able to select their preferred numbers in both parts of the game - unlike Spain's La Primitiva lottery, in which the Reintegro number is randomly assigned to tickets from 0-9. In El Gordo, players must select five numbers from the main draw, and one single-digit number from 0-9, which is the Reintegro or 'Refund' number.
Unusually, El Gordo draws take place early on a Sunday afternoon, around 01:00 p.m. local time, and tickets -priced at €1.50 each - cannot be purchased on draw day itself, but only on Monday-Saturday.
How to Play
Tickets cost €1.50 each and you must select five numbers from 1-54 along with a single-digit 'Reintegro' number. The system can choose your numbers at random for you, if you prefer.
Yet another unusual option in El Gordo is the ability to place combination bets on a single play slip - you can choose up to 11 numbers from the main grid. The ticket price will rise accordingly, and you must confirm your intention by checking the box below the grid to play from six lines to cycle through six selected numbers, up to 462 lines for every combination of 11 numbers. Your one selected Reintegro number will be played alongside each of these lines too.
Prizes are a little complicated, as the different tiers are calculated in different ways. The main jackpot, for matching all five main balls and the Reintegro number, constitutes 22% of all ticket sales. There's a fixed payout of €3 for matching two main balls, and a €1.50 refund for matching just the Reintegro number. All of the other prizes are calculated as a percentage of what's left - see the table below for the full breakdown.
Your chance of matching five numbers is about 3.5 million to one, and of matching the Reintegro number as well is around 30 million to one, with payouts usually well over €5 million. Draws take place once a week early on Sunday afternoons, but you'll have to buy your ticket on Monday-Saturday.
El Gordo is unusual in allowing up to 11 numbers to be chosen from 1-54 - every combination of five will be played, with an increase in ticket price and in the chance of winning.
It is also unusual in that draws take place on Sundays, with ticket sales only open Monday-Saturday.
The prize structure is even more complicated if nobody wins the jackpot. Instead of rolling over the full 22% of ticket sales into the jackpot for the next week's draw, half of it is shared among the lower prize tiers instead. That means following a week in which nobody won, the new jackpot will be equal to the jackpot from two weeks earlier, plus 11% of the previous week's sales, plus 22% of the current week's sales.
At a guaranteed minimum of €5 million, the jackpot - the 'fat one' itself - is aptly named, as it is among the largest minimum prize funds of any national lottery in the world. It is eclipsed by the similarly named Christmas lottery, El Gordo de Navidad, for which tickets are sold throughout the second half of the year - leading to a prize fund that can approach €2 billion in total.
The state collects 45% of ticket sales. 10% is allocated to the lowest prize tier, for matching the 'Refund' number.
A further 22% goes into the jackpot - although half of this is shared with the lower tiers if no jackpot winners are found. The remainder is shared according to the percentages shown in the table.
|5 + Refund||1 in 31,625,100||22% of ticket sales||At least €5 million|
|5||1 in 3,513,900||33% of remainder||€180,000|
|4 + R||1 in 129,082||6% of remainder||€8,000|
|4||1 in 14,342||7% of remainder||€160|
|3 + R||1 in 2,689||8% of remainder||€45|
|3||1 in 299||26% of remainder||€14|
|2 + R||1 in 172||20% of remainder||€6|
|2||1 in 19||€3 (fixed)||€3 (fixed)|
|0 + R||1 in 10||10% of ticket sales||€1.50|

One of the biggest fitness and nutrition trends of the past year has to be the juice fast. Once the territory of homemade concoctions of cayenne peppered, maple syrup scented water; the cleanses of today are organic cornucopias, cold pressed into tidy to-go bottles for busy urbanites.
While lacking in hard medical facts to back up the claims of liquid nutrition, many agree that the psychological “reset” button may in fact be what is needed for some to take the time to consider their daily nutrition more carefully. And, much like starting the day with a workout may cause you to think about other choices throughout the day, greeting the morning with a green juice instead of a cup of caffeine, could have the same effect. Here is a roundup of delivery, pickup and do-it-yourself options.
Juices and cleanses freshly made, and delivered direct to your door, on a daily basis.
Who: Raw Juice Guru
Where: online orders at rawjuiceguru.com
What: Created by Elaine Bejjani, a holistic nutritionist and raw food wellness coach, Raw Juice Guru boasts her 800 custom created juice blends. Cold pressed, unpasteurized juices are hydraulically pressed between midnight and 4am each day, and then delivered in a cooler bag with an ice pack between 4am to 9am every morning (unless you specify an evening delivery). Also offers raw food cleanses, with delivery. Select products also available in bottles at select retail locations, locally at Healthy Planet, Mississauga.
Who: Total Cleanse
Where: online orders at totalcleanse.ca
What: Toronto based Total Cleanse offers “hydrating juices that will provide you with natural energy and nutrients.” Created by Rebecca Malen (who is also co-founder of nimdiet.com, a Toronto based “diet delivery” program) in consultation with nutrition professionals, Total Cleanse aims to detoxify while contributing to a healthy lifestyle. Four cleanse routines are offered, each containing six juices per day, or you can customize your own combination.
Who: Raw Raw Cleanse
Where: online orders at rawrawcleanse.com
What: Burlington-based Raw Raw Cleanse set out to create a healthy product that tasted great. They worked with a holistic nutrition expert to create the cleanse programs, and then took the recipes to Paul Finkelstein, Food Network host, chef and entrepreneur. Finkelstein worked with Raw Raw to create the unique line of juices infused with exotic spices and fresh herbs that are completely clean and delicious. Offers three options: Cleanse and Intense, both three-day programs with six juices per day; and Boost, the one-day option, also with six juices.
For the best quality, juices must be as freshly squeezed as possible. To retain vitamins and nutrients, they should not be pastuerized, but that means you need to drink up right away!
Door-to-door delivery may be the best option for a juicing jump-start to get you on the right path to a better diet, but adding juicing to your regular routine can be made easy with a home juicer. We like these two choices for their use of low speed press technology, and an auger to really get the most from your produce.
Featuring eight international patents, the Infiny Press Revolution from Moulinex takes juicing to a new level by extracting 35 per cent more juice, 30 per cent more vitamins and 75 per cent more antioxidants than a traditional juicer and is 100 per cent dishwasher safe. This breakthrough technology conserves essential nutrients by using a corkscrew mechanism that slowly cold presses fruits, veggies and herbs without creating heat, and at 70 db the Infiny Press is also one of the quietest juicers on the market.
The Salton Vita Pro uses low speed action to crush and squeeze, releasing nutrients and enzymes from your fruits and veggies, resulting in a richer coloured juice that contains more vitamins and minerals. Features include cold press technology, with no hi-speed blades”¨to thoroughly squeeze the juice from fruits and vegetables; low noise operation”¨; convenient rinse function to switch from one juice to another without interruption; and easy to use, removable parts that are dishwasher safe.
Juice to go-go
Where to find your fresh juice fix, on the run!
Who: Liquid Nutrition
Where: Upwards of 20 locations across Canada including Oakville, and two Mississauga locations among the planned openings in the next year.
What: Launched in Montreal, Liquid Nutrition found success and subsequently began franchising. Among their supporters is NBA player Steve Nash, who endorsed and invested in Liquid Nutrition. You can order up a fresh juice from the menu and watch it be created, just like your favourite latte, or have one custom made from fresh fruit juices, almond milk and neutraceutical boosters.
Who: Lettuce Love Café
Where: 399 John Street, Burlington
What: Formerly named Kindfood, Lettuce Love Café offers a menu of vegan and gluten free healthy options. Along with the soups, salads, entrees and desserts, two fresh smoothies are featured on the menu: Green and Almond Buttercup.
Who: The Naked Sprout
Where: 4040 Palladium Way, Burlington
What: Restaurant with a 100 per cent vegan, gluten-free, plant-based menu. Five juices and five smoothies included on the menu, all made fresh on the spot. The Naked Sprout also offers a seven-day juice cleanse program, supervised by Dr. Andrea Maxim, ND.
From the French glass blower, Arc Glassware, these glasses with snug-fitting lids are the ideal takeaway, if you are an at-home juicer. Ditch the plastics, and wrinkle-inducing straws, in exchange for a real glass. Available in a range of sizes of glasses and bowls, from $21.99 each.

LA JOLLA and PALO ALTO, Calif.–(October 21, 2020) The Salk Institute and BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: BBIO) today announced a three-year collaboration agreement formed to advance cutting-edge academic discoveries in genetically driven diseases toward therapeutic applications. Under the partnership, BridgeBio will help fund research programs from Salk’s world-renowned innovative cancer research, with the eventual goal of developing new therapeutics for patients in need.
“Salk is known for its outstanding research, in particular in the field of oncology, so we are excited to enter into this partnership with BridgeBio to advance our discoveries and help develop next-generation therapies,” says Salk Vice President and Chief Science Officer Martin Hetzer, PhD. “The partnership represents an excellent opportunity for academic research to reach new potential in the clinical setting.”
“BridgeBio is focused on partnering with leading academic institutions to accelerate promising research into clinical studies, with a range of therapeutic modalities such as biologics, gene therapies and small molecules,” said BridgeBio CEO and founder Neil Kumar, PhD. “The Salk Institute is known as a place where great science is occurring–and has occurred for decades–and we feel privileged to have the opportunity to partner with them. Through this partnership, we look forward to translating exciting academic findings into potential treatments and understanding the impact they may bring to patients.”
The Salk Cancer Center is one of seven National Cancer Institute (NCI)-designated basic research cancer centers in the United States. Here, researchers are using game-changing technologies to expose the molecular mechanisms underlying tumors in order to develop targeted cancer therapies. Salk is also home to the Conquering Cancer Initiative, which is a scientific and philanthropic endeavor to bring together collaborative cancer researchers to harness new strategies against five deadly cancers: pancreatic, ovarian, lung, brain (glioblastoma) and triple-negative breast. Salk’s scientists aim to identify cancer’s vulnerabilities in order to develop new methods that can attack the tumors while leaving the healthy tissues alone.
BridgeBio partners with academic institutions, like the Salk Institute, to support early-stage research around genetically validated targets. Through close collaboration, BridgeBio aims to rapidly translate novel discoveries into potentially life-saving treatments. The company works across multiple genetically driven diseases and therapeutic areas, helping provide the insights and support needed to rapidly bring the latest scientific advancements from the lab bench to the patient bedside. Its academia-industry collaborations focus on creating partnerships with biomedical research institutes that are built on trust, engagement, science and respect.
About the Salk Institute for Biological Studies:
Every cure has a starting point. The Salk Institute embodies Jonas Salk’s mission to dare to make dreams into reality. Its internationally renowned and award-winning scientists explore the very foundations of life, seeking new understandings in neuroscience, genetics, immunology, plant biology and more. The Institute is an independent nonprofit organization and architectural landmark: small by choice, intimate by nature and fearless in the face of any challenge. Be it cancer or Alzheimer’s, aging or diabetes, Salk is where cures begin. Learn more at: salk.edu.
About BridgeBio Pharma:
BridgeBio is a team of experienced drug discoverers, developers and innovators working to create life-altering medicines that target well-characterized genetic diseases at their source. BridgeBio was founded in 2015 to identify and advance transformative medicines to treat patients who suffer from Mendelian diseases, which are diseases that arise from defects in a single gene, and cancers with clear genetic drivers. BridgeBio’s pipeline of over 20 development programs includes product candidates ranging from early discovery to late-stage development. For more information, please visit bridgebio.com.
BridgeBio Pharma Forward-Looking Statements:
This press release contains forward-looking statements. Statements we make in this press release may include statements that are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which are usually identified by the use of words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” and variations of such words or similar expressions. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and are making this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements, including statements relating to expectations, plans, and prospects regarding our ability to build on the significant advances being made in the Salk Institute’s labs and translate them into meaningful medicines for patients in need, the success of current and future relationships with third-party collaborators and academic partners, and the potential ability of our product candidates to treat genetically driven diseases and cancers with clear genetic drivers, reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, and are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made and are neither forecasts, promises nor guarantees. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that the plans, intentions, expectations or strategies will be attained or achieved. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and will be affected by a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the success of our product candidates to treat genetically driven diseases and cancers with clear genetic drivers, the success of our collaboration with the Salk Institute, as well as those risks set forth in the Risk Factors section of BridgeBio Pharma’s most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and BridgeBio Pharma’s other SEC filings. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. Except as required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

5 SAVAGE THINGS
5 Savage Things: The previous week was inundated with Supreme Court decisions and an announcement. Savage Politics will be focusing on Voter Education in a series titled: Voted. This is our time to engage and shift.
On Monday, June 25, a 5-4 majority decision upholding Texas’ gerrymandered state and legislative maps with the exception of one district in the state, District 90.
On Tuesday, June 26, a 5-4 majority decision upholding the administration’s previously rejected travel ban from 7 predominately Muslim countries.
On Wednesday, June 27, a 5-4 majority decision in the (Mark) Janus versus labor union case ruling that fees known as fair share or agency are no longer mandatory.
On Thursday, June 28, Justice Anthony Kennedy announced his July 31 retirement on Wednesday and Senate Leader Mitch McConnell advised on Thursday quote, “The Senate will vote to confirm Justice Kennedy’s successor this fall.”
CHECK YOUR VOTER REGISTRATION STATUS! This is our collective tool to shift the tide of leadership in our states and federal governments. The SCOTUS recent decision in the Ohio case provides precedence to remove the names of non-voters. Ensure everyone in your household checks their registration status in preparation for the mid-term and every election forward!

The Purchase agreement is a document legally bounded by the law of the respective country, recording the mutually agreed understanding of the buyer and the seller in reference to the stated terms and conditions. The purchase agreement clearly mentions the purchase price, mode of payment and other conditions put forward by the buyer and the seller.
This article will cover templates and reports of purchase agreements for property, car, lease, real estate, stock, materials and many more.
This is a common purchase agreement template drafted for purchasing a property. By making significant changes in the portions marked in yellow, it will take almost no time for the document to be ready. The template is composed of five articles viz. purchase of property, closing, representations & warranties, defaults and general provisions. The template can be downloaded easily in document format for editing.
This is a basic car purchase agreement template. The template includes details in sections like the description of the acquired vehicle, purchase price, vehicle delivery & conveyance of title, representation, warranty & disclosure, buyer responsibility, governing law and others. By making necessary changes to this editable document one can easily redraft a car purchase agreement.
This template is a three-page briefly drafted auto purchase agreement. The template has two main sections background and terms & conditions. The terms & conditions include all the major draft, essential for an auto purchase agreement in brief. One has to add necessary details in the editable format to complete the document.
The above template consists of detailed drafting for a property purchase agreement. Specific slots with the proper title are placed to fill up required details. The template includes almost all the terms and conditions in general. The format of the template allows easy addition and deletion of conditions as per the requirement.
This is a standard lease-purchase agreement with up to the mark drafting of content. It includes parameters like terms, notice, down payment, repair & improvements, exclusivity, closing, finance, default, jurisdiction, waiver and others. In general case one can easily add information in the region marked with yellow, and, the addition of specific terms and conditions can also be done easily in this template.
This eight-page template is one of the best for real estate purchase agreement. It includes specific details and technicalities about the real estate purchase. The areas for adding up necessary information are marked in yellow and the download and edit feature of this template makes modification & revision easy.
A note purchase agreement is basically a contract for the purchase of notes of a company intending to raise money for a purpose. This template is an editable version of the note purchase agreement supported in both Windows and Mac platform. The key areas to customize the agreement are clearly marked and can be modified easily.
Purchasing customer list is one of the best deals for promoting a business organization. Above is an example of the customer list purchase agreement. Norms and terms mentioned in the agreement can be studied and modified as required. This file can be used as a reliable reference while drafting a customer list purchase agreement.
This one-page document efficiently lists out seventeen terms & conditions for drafting a purchase agreement. All the seventeen terms & conditions can be used appropriately in different purchase agreements by making necessary modifications as required. This document is one of the most important references in formulating a purchase agreement.
The above file is an example of the hearing instrument purchase agreement. The file is a blank template and does not contain any company or client data. This file can be used by the company or clients intending to purchase or sell a hearing instrument. This file can also be used as a reference while making a purchase agreement for a specific product.
The above file is a twenty-three-page in detail agreement regarding token purchase. The agreement contains ten different clauses of token purchase viz; Acceptance, distribution, creation of rights, security & data, taxes & fees, representations & warranties, acknowledgements and consent, risks, indemnification, dispute resolution and miscellaneous. The document can be utilized for research and reference pertaining to the token agreement.
A stock purchase agreement usually includes intricate detailing and the above file is one such example of the stock purchase agreement. The agreement contains in-depth details about the purchase of company stocks by an individual from a seller. The agreement covers eleven different clauses and is signed by the seller, purchaser and by the authorized signatories of the company.
This document is one of its kind examples of general purchase agreement issued by the state to the suppliers for the purchase of goods and services. The agreement consists of twelve clauses of terms & conditions that govern the agreement between the purchaser and the seller.
This agreement is composed of fourteen points of detailed information along with the general term and conditions for equipment hire. The fourteen points detailing also includes numerous sub-points that add value to the general point. This agreement can be directly used as a reference for formulating an equipment hire purchase agreement.
A product purchase agreement is a type of legal contract between the buyer and the seller for the trade of a specific commodity or product. The product purchase agreement is often found in the real estate and manufacturing sector. The above file is one such product purchase agreement document.
The above materials purchase agreement is a nine-page agreement listing out articles mutually agreed by the purchaser and seller. The fourteen articles list out in detail about the terms and conditions put forward by the buyer and the supplier. This agreement can be used for drafting a materials purchase agreement.
This file is a brief vehicle purchase agreement. Such agreements are used by the firms who purchase second-hand vehicles. It is a two-page document covering all the basic information of the vehicle and crucial terms for the purchase of a vehicle.
Advertising purchase agreements are contracts between owners and media agencies like advertisement promoting agencies, newspapers, production companies and others. Such agreements are open-ended which enables to formulate the draft according to the requirement. This file is one such example of an advertising purchase agreement.

My husband and I lived in London for 6 months in 2017 and it was one of the best times of our lives. I’ve been thinking about a trip back ever since we returned! I have countless lists here and there of things we did and places we ate… now I finally have some of our favorite spots in one place. Here you will find some of my top London picks! Hopefully these inspire you to get out and explore the city on your own.
E A T & D R I N K
Daylesford Organic: a perfect stop for a casual breakfast, lunch or afternoon tea. There are a few locations throughout London and the food is fresh and delicious. Take some bites and groceries to-go, or sit and eat in the restaurant.
Afternoon Tea at Fortnum & Mason: a wonderful afternoon tea experience! With a rich history and a store you definitely will want to shop through, I’d recommend booking your afternoon tea at Fortnums. (Other spots for tea: The Ritz, Sketch, Claridges, The Wolseley, Dorchester, Lanesborough)
The Connaught Bar: a ritzy bar in the ultra-stylish Connaught Hotel in Mayfair. The drinks and décor won’t disappoint. Be sure to order a martini which will be made to your liking table-side on the martini trolley. One gin with ginger and grapefruit, please!
The Shed: one of the most delicious meals I’ve had in a long time. Beyond fresh and chuck full of seasonal flavor. This is a must try in Notting Hill.
Dishoom: this is also one of the most delicious meals I’ve had in a long time. A fun Bombay-style stop for Indian street food. Even if you don’t like Indian food, I’m still fairly certain you’ll love Dishoom both for it’s food and vintage décor.
Barrafina: a delicious diner style Spanish tapas bar. They don’t take reservations, but you can have a cocktail while you wait and the line moved fairly quickly.
Scarfes Bar at Rosewood London: a really, really beautiful hotel that you should consider staying at! But, even if you don’t stay over night, you will definitely need to stop into their Scarfes Bar. It’s gentleman’s club-esque, complete with a fireplace, cozy armchairs, live music, beautiful woodwork, and even better cocktails. We went there for a few drinks and snacks before dinner at…
The Barbary: a cozy spot in the popular Neil’s yard in Covent Garden for an absolutely delicious Berber-style meal. We waited almost 2 hours, and you will too unless you show up at 5. But, I promise it’s worth it, especially considering you can wait inside the lively little spot with a drink in hand.
Duke’s Bar: a famous, classic London bar – go for a martini!
Yauatcha Soho: absolutely delicious dim sum
The Churchill Arms: you’ve definitely seen this Notting Hill pub on instagram. Flower-decked and filled with Churchill memorabilia. Stop for a pint!
Granger & Co: The best fluffy ricotta hotcakes ever! An excellent spot for brunch, lunch or dinner. This is a classic in Notting Hill.
Chiltern Firehouse: Super hot spot for dinner and drinks. If you can’t get a resy, just try to sit in the bar.
Ottolenghi: I visited the one on Motcomb Street in Belgravia – a delicious deli that is perfect for a takeaway lunch.
Borough Market: one of the oldest and largest food markets in London – browse 100+ food stalls and grab a delicious lunch!
Grenadier: one of my favorite local pubs if you find yourself in Belgravia and in need of a pint.
Bernardi’s: we stumbled upon this Italian kitchen and are so glad we decided to stop in. We sat at the bar, sipped on cocktails and had a delicious meal. They have some outdoor seating for when the weather is nice.
The Ivy Chelsea Garden: you’ve likely seen the front door of this spot on Instagram. It’s facade is filled with flowers and the interiors do not disappoint. Food is tasty! I loved this spot for lunch in the spring.
S E E
The Wallace Collection
Churchill War Rooms
Neighborhoods to wander: Kensington // South Kensington // Belgravia // Notting Hill // Marylebone // Chelsea // Mayfair // Soho // Primrose Hill
M E W S
aka the most charming streets in London! Originally these streets served as service lanes providing back entrances to the mansions and stables for horses– with carriage houses below and living quarters above. Today these cobblestone streets are lined with some of the cutest houses in London. Here are some of my favorites:
St Lukes Mews
Holland Park Mews
Sussex Mews West
Queens Gate Mews
S T A Y
splurge: The Lanesborough, The Cannaught, Rosewood London, The Berkeley
The Egerton House Hotel (boutique hotel and I really love the location)
Charlotte Street Hotel
S T O P S & S H O P S
Daunt Books: I visited their shop on Marylebone High Street and I felt like I was taken back in time a bit (this happened often… oh London, you’re so charming!) Pick up a few good reads for your vacation and flight home.
Soane Britain: I walked through this charming showroom off Sloane Square and couldn’t help but daydream up a deliciously English home for myself. Every piece is made in Britain and it’s beyond lovely. If you’re into interiors, this shop is for you.
Wild at Heart: Just down from Daylesford in Sloane Square, you’ll find this beautiful flower shop. A London favorite and a must visit! They also have locations in Notting Hill and outside Liberty London.
Peggy Porschen Cakes: An incredibly chic and delicious bakeshop located near Sloane Square. It’s almost Valentine’s Day, so this shop is decorated quite perfectly for the occasion. I’ll be taking the husband back to help me sample some more sweet treats.
Liberty London: Likely already on your list, this department store is a must visit for those interested in fashion. Among beautiful clothes and accessories, there’s a cute cafe and stationery shop inside, and a charming flower shop (another Wild at Heart location) out front.
La Stupenderia: Next door to a yummy cheese shop, you’ll find a beautiful children’s store. Stop in for a classic outfit for your little one.
Rachel Riley: Another favorite when it comes to children’s clothing. She makes the most darling dresses for little girls!
Pepa & Company: Aaaand… another favorite when it comes to children’s clothing! Stop in for traditional pieces worn by the Royal Family.
VV Rouleaux: I will always find the local fine ribbon store! I’m a sucker for ribbons and this store has quite the collection.
The Parent Trap House: Ok, agreed, this one is touristy of me. But I’m such a genuine fan that it really would have been a shame if I didn’t pay Annie’s home a visit. Plus, the neighborhood is beyond lovely. 23 Egerton Terrace.
Peacocks in Holland Park: I recommend taking a stroll through Holland Park. Although just off the busy Kensington High Street, the park is incredibly peaceful. Plus, you’ll likely run into some beautiful peacocks!
John Lobb Bootmaker: on St. James’s street, this family run shop has been hand making bespoke boots since 1866. In 1863, John Lobb apparently sent a pair of boots to the Prince of Wales who was so impressed by the quality of the workmanship that he appointed him his personal supplier. He then opened his London shop in 1866 and it’s still there today, supplying bespoke hand made shoes to people all over the world. They hold two Royal Warrants to HRH The Duke of Edinburgh and HRH The Prince of Wales. It’s a classic and a must-see!
James Smith & Sons: the most enchanting shop chuck full of classic umbrellas and walking sticks that has been in London since 1830. This is one of my favorite places I’ve gone while in London and you really must stop in. The umbrellas are made in their shop below the storefront, which is largely unaltered since they opened. I left with a black watch tartan that I’m excited to keep for years to come! (Side note: It rains, like, every day in London. But it doesn’t ever really rain to the point where you need an umbrella. That’s beside the point though, you should still go buy yourself a classic umbrella from this shop!)
Mount Street Printers: this one might just be for this paper romantic over here. But, if fine stationery is also your thing, it’s worth stopping into this classic printery. They also have a Royal Warrant and have been printing on beautiful Mount Street for over 35 years. They mostly do bespoke orders, but also have some cards and stationery on the shelves that you can take with you. If you stop in, tell them I sent you!
Harrods & Selfridges: likely already on your list… these are department stores you can’t miss!

Bodley Head, London, 1953, illus Charlotte Hough
A rival theatrical company to Fricka and her cousins has appeared, and they have booked all the village halls, and chosen the same play. Things work out in the end, after they find a horse and caravan, and get over the rivalry with the other troupe.
The Fricka series
Riders and Raids
M E Atkinson

Written By: Brandon Schwin
Instagram remains one of the most relevant apps and tools to promote your brand in 2021. However, people tend to misuse it and stultify the growth of their accounts. Whatever social medium you want to employ to reach your goal, you must be fluent in its “language” and ready for any novelties. This includes being always on your toes to spot the newest features and the most viral trends. There’s much more you should know on how to grow your Instagram account, so delve into our article for some much-needed know-how.
How to grow your Instagram account TIP #1: Know your goal
Sometimes, although that’s not a rule, accounts are trending for no apparent reason. This leads people to believe you can just jumble random ideas up, throw them into your account, and expect great results. Nevertheless, there is no real analytic data to support this claim, so you shouldn’t waste your time on anomalies. Analogously, do not bother yourself with dissecting the accounts of people that achieved fame outside of social media, e.g. through their music or films. They simply have cheat codes to the insta game.
Set marketing objectives
What are some of the most common objectives for businesses on SoMe?
- Building brand awareness: Familiarize social media users with your company, your creations, and build positive associations with your brand.
- Driving traffic to your website: There are numerous ways to capitalize on people’s curiosity or competitiveness e.g. posting eye-catching photos with enticing captions with links in bio, or organizing contests where one requirement is signing up for the newsletter.
- Attracting new customers: Partnering with influencers, promoting your product organically or with paid posts, utilizing organic customer reviews are all viable ways to influence followers to make a purchase.
The goals will evolve over time and interchange periodically, which is perfectly normal and natural. What’s important is adjusting the strategy accordingly to optimize the posts in order to attain the desired conversions. To put it simply, having a plan for your feed will show users that your profile is worth following.
How to grow your Instagram account TIP #2: Use the right hashtags
Hashtags are metadata tags with the hash symbol # at the beginning. It’s a user-generated tagging system that enables people to cross-reference and find a photo in a certain category. By employing hashtags, you join a broader conversation that they are a part of. This can help you advertise your account or your product. See the post below to learn how it can be done.
The Dancing Cat art account frequently puts hashtags at the end of the caption. In this way, the artist advertises their product in a more organic way. This particular instance draws the attention of people researching the hashtags for cards and Father’s Day.
Utilize brand hashtags
Not only existing hashtags can be used to the brand’s advantage. Many bigger brands have created their own hashtag(s) that let them gather metadata. Moreover, it lets them know the general public’s attitude towards the company and its products. Below, you will find a very well-known brand’s successful hashtag campaign.
Not every brand can create a hashtag that will go viral, but in this instance, the additional appeal of voting for a new flavor did the trick. Another aspect of a hashtag campaign is that it allows people to share their views. Naturally, users love joining in on a trend and that is why such a marketing strategy is successful. What do you have to take into account when making a new hashtag from scratch? First of all, it must be original and relate to the brand or the idea for the advertisement. However, it cannot be overly self-promotional. It can’t hurt if it is humorous and utilizes wordplay as well. Secondly, it should not be longer than 3-4 words. Finally, it cannot be offensive in any way, and should not relate to another existing hashtag.
How to grow your Instagram account TIP #3: Leverage organic advertising
If you’re a really small account, you will not be approached by companies to partner or make a Story about a product. Therefore, you are on your own when it comes to spreading the word about your work. If you have considered all the possible outcomes and paid ads on Instagram are financially feasible, they may be just worth the trouble. However, for the majority of small businesses, this is a distant dream. It takes some creativity and patience to really capitalize on organic ads, but if you want to know more, read on.
One of the greatest and easiest ways to attract new followers is doing a giveaway. There is nothing more attractive than a free gift… but is it exactly free? Well, the creator is able to showcase their product and get numerous new followers with barely any effort. See an example below:
As you can see, the giveaway was a joint effort of several small brands. The genius is in the simplicity of the rules: liking the post and following the accounts. The users are happy to click the “Follow” button in exchange for a chance to win some freebies, and the poster gets the attention they need. You probably want to ask: but can’t they unfollow after the account announces the winners? Well, they can, but they usually forget or can’t bother to do it anyway. Now, the Remedy Organics Instagram has 13,2k followers. So, who’s the real winner here?
How to grow your Instagram account TIP #4: Join trends
It’s no secret that humans like engaging in activities that make them feel connected. Trends happen when there is one event or one cause that unites all people across a platform or across all social media. The most well-known example of that sort of charity trend is Ice Bucket Challenge from 2014. Famous entrepreneurs all over the globe joined in and helped make a long-lasting change in the ALS research.
While charitable trends are definitely the most important, they do not gain traction that often. Most recently, TikTok has been the platform to dictate what is cool on other social media. TikTok’s appeal is ingenious or humorous ideas played out before the audience to the rhythm of the words of songs and music tracks.
Harness the power of TikTok
One trend that grabbed the attention of users was #imjustakidchallenge that started out as family content. TikTokers fell in love with the trend because of its catchy music and relatable theme. The gist of the challenge was to show a childhood photo and then try to recreate it live in front of the camera. As a businessperson, you could show your growth over the years and how you started your own company.
Also, companies can start TikTok trends that reach Instagram and other SoMe platforms. While you’re at it, remember to show your sense of humor, or capitalize on the values shared by everyone. See the example of a trend started by the makeup company e.l.f.
How to grow your Instagram account TIP #5: Plan your posts
All creators are just people, and life tends to happen to them every day, sometimes out of the blue. Therefore it is crucial to schedule posts in advance and have ready-to-use drafts at your disposal. Consistent posting keeps the followers interested in your brand. When a post shows up on their feed while they’re scrolling down, and they find it interesting, they may leave a heart or maybe even write a comment.
The post needs to be engaging, that is contain a call-to-action (CTA) phrase that will subliminally influence the users to interact. Make your posts brief and to-the-point if you want to include a CTA question, so it is clearly visible on the feed. What is more, you can plan posts for important dates that will tell an interesting story or entice discussion (those you may keep a bit longer).
If you are on a budget, the most cost-effective scheduling tool on the market is Postfity, with plans starting at $14.99. It comes with a Social Tips Calendar with ready-made posts that you can tailor to your needs. It’s available for Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and more. There is a new feature in the Postfity app that is perfect for Instagram bios. You can easily add more clickable links and drive traffic to your site. Learn all about it here.
Make planning easy with Postfity, whether you are on your own or work with a team.

· Index ranks leading companies according to their environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance
· Enel achieved a score of 90.72 in the Social ranking, 88.93 in the Governance ranking and 53.32 in the Environmental ranking
Rome, September 20th, 2016 – For the third year in a row Enel has been included in the STOXX Global ESG Leaders index, which measures companies’ environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance. Enel achieved a company’s score of 90.72/100 in the Social Ranking, 88.93/100 in the Governance ranking and 53.32/100 in the Environmental ranking.
“The inclusion of Enel Group in the STOXX Global ESG Leaders index is a strong indicator of our success in placing all aspects of sustainability at the centre of our business model”, said Enel Group CEO Francesco Starace. “We are proud of our inclusion in the STOXX index for the third straight year, and look forward to continuing to set the standards in ESG globally.”
The STOXX Global ESG Leaders Index was created by STOXX Limited, a global index provider that is fully owned by the German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse Group. The index uses 128 key performance indicators (KPIs), and its rating model is based on the KPI for ESG 3.0 standard by the Society of Investment Professionals in Germany (DVFA) and European Federation of Financial Analysts Societies (EFFAS).
The Enel Group is also ranked in other leading sustainability indices such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Index World, the FTSE4Good, Euronext-Vigeo, and the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).
The combination of innovation and sustainability, translated into Enel’s Innovability approach to its activity, drives the Group’s strategy and business culture. Enel continues its path towards achieving carbon-neutrality by 2050 and it is expected that electricity generated from renewable sources, which accounts for around 43% of the Group’s total capacity as of June 30th, 2016, will contribute nearly half of the Group estimated total capacity of 83 GW in 2019. As an interim step on the way to this goal, Enel has set a medium-term target by 2020 of a 25% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to 2007, which has been recognized as “science-based”, i.e. in line with the decarbonisation levels required by science. Climate action is one of the four UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) endorsed by Enel alongside access to energy, access to education, and the contribution to the socio-economic development of communities in the countries where Enel operates.
Enel's commitment to delivering the highest sustainability standards has attracted the increasing interest of socially responsible investment funds (SRIs): based on the latest figures as of December 31st, 2015, SRIs own 7.7% of Enel’s total outstanding shares (5.9% recorded at the end of 2014), equal to 10.3% of the company’s free-float (8.6% as of December 31st, 2014).
All Enel press releases are also available in smartphone and tablet versions. You can download the Enel Corporate App at Apple Store and Google Play.

After many years of being loyal Voyeurweb viewers finally talked Cleanshave into posting. With all of the beautiful woman that we have seen nobody turns the wife on more than Ms. Nina...So tell Cleanshave what you think and if comments are good she promises to show her face..Please Do Not Show My Email
May 2022 18:28:20
Hot Ass And Pussy - Hello my friends! Rosie poses absolutely nude and hopes you will like her pics. They have been taken for you. She has a wonderful feeling of sexual excitement while posing. Her imagination works hard and she dreams about all her friends watching her.
May 2022 4:47:33
For those who wanted to see FCR blowing unblurred , it is the last series I have right now , if you want to see more you have to make good comments and votes , cause even if I implore her to continue it will be easier for me
May 2022 19:24:47

Jessica Mifsud- Bonnici
- Course: MA Social and Cultural History
- Year of graduation: 2017
Please tell us a bit about yourself and your background.
I grew up in Romford, Essex and was the first in my family to attend university. I studied my undergraduate at the University of Leeds, BA History, where I grew to specialise in Early Modern History, more specifically Early Modern Italian History which I continued onto my Masters. My postgraduate dissertation was entitled 'Eating, Sociability and Individuality in Early Modern Italy', where I focused on the culture of eating and eating habits in 17th and 18th century Italy. I worked for the University, in the Footsteps Fund in the Alumni and Development department as well as working as a student ambassador.
What made you want to apply to your MA course and to Leeds?
I applied to do my MA in the School of History because of the great experience I had in the department as an undergraduate. I received excellent support both academically and pastorally and felt a real part of the community due to my participation in the History Society and through roles I did in the school. I chose social and cultural history after being introduced to the cultural approach in my final year of history in my Special Subject (the topic which helps supports your dissertation’s development), The Cultural History of Venice. I found the sources which cultural historians use, and their way of reading them, incredibly interesting and wished to use this approach in my Masters dissertation.
What is it that makes you passionate about your area of study?
I find the study of history absolutely fascinating. I’m particularly interested in the early modern era as it was a period of great social, economic, political and religious change which is reflected in the way people lived and observed their society. I chose to focus on the history of food, and specifically of food sociability, because sharing a table is the most basic form of community wherein people’s hopes and anxieties are articulated in the way they behaved when eating with others. Understanding the mentalities of the people of the past is a big part of my historical interest.
What aspects of the course did you enjoy the most?
I really enjoyed the core module Concepts and Debates in Social and Cultural History, as it provided a great basis for our research as well as introducing us to various scopes by which to study history including; gender, race and class. It also made us question how we read history and whether we were effectively cultural or social historians. I also really appreciated the freedom to write essays about topics I was interested in. Masters is not like undergraduate where they set you 8 questions from which you choose. Instead, you can write about anything within a given topic area. For instance, in a topic about the Napoleonic and Revolutionary Wars, I wrote about the female expression of patriotism where as other people wrote about military uniforms, military tactics or propaganda.
What would you say about Leeds as a city?
Leeds is a vibrant city, full of culture and industry. It offers a range of things to do including; great shopping, bars and clubs and museums and galleries. We are also half an hour train ride from other – really interesting – days out such as Saltaire, Ilkley, Harrogate and Knaresborough, all places which are rich in historical interest.
What has been the most surprising thing about coming to Leeds?
I was most surprised about how easy it was to settle in to Leeds. Prior to starting my undergraduate in 2013, I had never been any further North than Coventry bar the one open day I visited for Leeds after getting my offer. It became a home away from home, largely due to its great student union where I worked, studied and celebrated after exams in!
What would you say about the learning facilities in your School and at the University in general?
The School of History at the University of Leeds has academics who specialise in a range of topics so you will not find it hard to find someone to supervise your dissertation! In terms of the facilities, the School provides a postgraduate office which I used exclusively to study which is incredibly useful when the library is packed in the exam periods. The University has also introduced a postgraduate floor in the library which means it is easier to find space in which to find support for you research.
What other activities are available for students to take part in outside of their studies, and which ones have you tried out yourself?
I would suggest that all students join the History Society, it really helped me feel a part of the history community. I also helped to run the MA Dissertation Conference, wherein all MA history students present their paper in front of the staff and peers. This gave me experience in event organisation which has been really helpful on my CV.
What do you plan to do now you’ve finished your course, and how do you think the skills and knowledge you’ve developed at Leeds will help with these plans?
I am taking a few years out of education, wishing to work in the public or charity sector to try and broaden my life experience. Eventually, however, I intend to return to Leeds to read for my PhD, using the invaluable research skills I have learned as a MA student.

It’s no small thing to say that the reaction to Windows Live Messenger 2009 and related clients that use the older Messenger protocol has been pretty intense. Regardless if you’re using Windows XP, you have a favourite feature that’s missing in the 2012 version, or you simply do not want to use Skype, it seems everyone is looking for another option to choose from.
Butterfly Messenger is an improved working version of the client used to demonstrate MSNPSharp. It supports the same protocol version as Windows Live Messenger 2012 (MSNP21), and has the a basic Messenger feature set.
The current release is an alpha version of Butterfly Messenger intended to be used to collect feedback on bugs, features and other changes. However, it is relatively stable and usable.
Butterfly Messenger currently requires Windows XP or above with at least the .NET Framework 2.0 or above installed.
Although MSNPSharp was deliberately written to support Mono (on other platforms), the client presently does not run on Mono (but probably works on WINE), hopefully this will be addressed later for Linux and/or OS X compatibility.
Download and installation
You can now download the third alpha release of Butterfly Messenger. Due to the early nature of the project, it does not presently have an installer and you will need to extract the files to a folder of your choice and run it from there. Butterfly Messenger makes use of the Segoe UI font (like Messenger). If you do not have the Segoe UI font installed right now, you can install it from the Messenger 2009 files.
Feedback and bugs
Please feel free to leave quick comments here on this post, but if you wish to go in depth, you can make use of the Butterfly Messenger category on the forum.
- Depending on the situation, brand new conversation windows may blink even if they’re in focus. If you start typing a reply, they should stop blinking.
- Flickering in the contact list.
- Custom emoticons will appear, but the current conversation window does not support animated GIFs. Animated GIF display pictures work though.
- You cannot rename contacts.
Butterfly Messenger is open source software and based on the MSNPSharp project code. A repository will be set up shortly once more details about the project have been finalized.
|Oct 10 2015||0.1.2.0||
|Sep 23 2015||0.1.1.0||
|Mar 25 2015||0.1.0.0||

Part-Time Program Administrator
Sinai and Synapses is looking for a part-time program administrator at 2-3 days (c. 12 hours) / week.
Sinai and Synapses, housed and fiscally sponsored by Clal – The National Jewish Center for Learning and Leadership in Manhattan, offers people a worldview that is both scientifically grounded and spiritually uplifting. It provides tools and language for learning and living to the millions of people who see science as their ally as they pursue personal growth and the repair of our world.
Our largest project, and the main focus of work for this part-time administrator, is Scientists in Synagogues, a grass-roots program to offer Jews opportunities to explore the most interesting and pressing questions surrounding Judaism and science. Its aim is to share how some of the most thoughtful Jewish scientists integrate their Judaism and their scientific work so that they can be role models and ambassadors for productive conversations surrounding Judaism and science.
Additional projects include the Sinai and Synapses Fellowship, a small group of clergy, scientists and bloggers who are committed to elevating the discourse surrounding religion and science, as well as Science in Rabbinic Engagement, a project run by the American Association for the Advancement of Science Program of Dialogue on Science, Ethics and Religion.
- Communicate with rabbis, scientists and other congregational leaders surrounding Scientists in Synagogues
- Regularly update the Sinai and Synapses website (hosted through WordPress.org) with all content and events
- Share and promote both content and events on the Sinai and Synapses Facebook page, Twitter account, YouTube channel and podcast channel
- Strengthen social media by finding and sharing interesting and important articles on the interaction of science and religion (particularly through Sinai and Synapses’ Facebook and Twitter accounts)
- Edit written blogposts
- Edit video content
- Collect data for post-program survey from Scientists in Synagogues
- Manage the Sinai and Synapses e-mail list
- Minimum degree of BA
- Excellent written communications skills
- Proficient in MS Office products (particularly Word and Excel)
- Experience using WordPress.org
- Strong social media knowledge, especially surrounding Facebook and/or Twitter
- Knows websites and social media channels that offer regular high-quality content on both science and religion
- Passionate and curious about both science and religion, and especially their interaction
Salary: $20 / hour
Please send resume and cover letter to Rabbi Geoffrey A. Mitelman at email@example.com

Is your dog in need of some new scenery to chase a ball or make new dog friends? There are plenty of dog parks to take your pup in Orlando, but which ones are the best? Mr. Clean Can has some great recommendations for you!
Lake Baldwin Park
With over 23 acres of space for your dog to run around, Lake Baldwin is one of the most popular parks in the Orlando area. It’s the only dog friendly park in the city. This park has a sandy beach, plenty of shade, and so much more. During the hours of 8 A.M. until sunset, your dog is allowed to be off-leash here. There’s even a dog wash station available for your pup after a long day of playing in the sand! One visitor states it’s a “Great place to let your dogs run in a safe environment.” Located at 2000 S. Lakemont Ave. Winter Park, FL, you can visit every day, however, Lake Baldwin Park is closed on every 2nd and 4th Wednesday of the month until 12 P.M. for maintenance.
Park of the Americas
Park of the Americas is located at 201 Andes Avenue, Orlando, FL. This is a beautiful park with nice paths to walk on while you take in the picturesque scenery. They have a great dog park with separate areas if you wish to separate your dog based off size. This is a large fenced in area with plenty of space for your pup to run and play leash free! They even have some features that are fun for the dogs to play on and in, such as concrete tunnels, and so on. Your dog’s also allowed in the rest of the park outside of the dog park area, as long as they are on their leash. Park of the Americas is open from 7 A.M. until 9 P.M., and the area is very well lit, so you don’t have to worry if you are there after dark!
Barber Dog Park
Another fantastic option for dog owners to take their pups to play is Barber Dog Park. It’s located at 3701 Gaitlin Ave, Orlando, FL and is open in the Spring & Summer every day from 8 A.M. until 8 P.M., and in the Fall & Winter from 8 A.M. until 6 P.M. While there isn’t a lake for your dogs to splash around in, there is plenty of open space and even agility equipment to use to exercise your pups! This park also has separate areas to keep dogs of certain sizes together as a safety precaution. Barber Dog Park also has a dog wash station, and has plenty of shaded seating for you while you let your dog run free!
Where do you like to take your dog for exercise in Orlando? Let us know in the comments below!

Today, we’re going to make hand puppets. This is a quick and easy project that only requires a few supplies. Not only can you get the little ones involve in making the sock puppet, but they’ll have hours of fun playing with them.
They come together easily, so you can make different ones. Let the kids get creative and help them bring their imagination to life.
- hot glue gun and glue sticks
- felt or cloth (assorted colors)
- pom poms
- yarn for the hair (optional)
How to make a Hand Puppet
Step 1. Cut an oval piece of cardboard about the width of the sock
Step 2. Chose a piece of cloth for the mouth. Put the cardboard onto the cloth and cut out an oval about 5cm larger than the cardboard.
Step 3. Using the hot glue gun, glue the cloth on the the cardboard. Fold the cloth over the edge and glue it down.
Step 4. Fold the cardboard with the cloth in half with the cloth on inside.
Step 5. Cut off the toe portion of the sock. Roll the end of the sock over the cardboard and glue it in place.
Step 6. Decorate with your kids! Glue the pom poms for the eye and a small piece of cloth for the tongue. I used yarn for the hair.
After you are finish making some sock puppets, see my post on how to make a simple puppet stage so the kids can make up their own plays!

Writing is an essential skill which is invaluable in different situations: at a workplace, during studying at college, in our day-to-day lives — the list can go on. Moreover, as Inc. reports, 73% of employers expect prospective candidates to have solid writing skills. So, writing skills are essential and worth to Read more…
Free Essay Guides
These are free essay guides we have specially developed to help students with their academic writing. As a student, you can access guides on different topics and subjects so that you may understand how to develop your essay before you can write the final draft.
The focus of the guides is on what different types of essays should entail and the structure they should take. We break down every essay type into easily understandable writing steps and provide invaluable tips on essay composition.
After taking you through each guide, we provide you with an option to explore examples of essays under them.

Many of you know that I am more Irish than German. But my friends tell me that the German genes seem to dominate those of the Irish.
This review has provided an opportunity to consider a number of organizational decisions and to build on our existing strengths. Hence, I am happy to say: Things are coming together.
One of the great resources we have in this local archdiocese is The St. Paul Seminary. Not only does it do a fantastic job of educating and forming our seminarians, but it also provides similar opportunities for lay pastoral leaders.
Our archdiocesan Vocation Office is also most appropriately located there. Recently, the Archbishop Harry J. Flynn Catechetical Institute has been added to the mix.
I am happy at this point to announce the addition of the Institute for Ongoing Clergy Formation as well as the Institute for Diaconal Formation.
These offices will be organized at the Center for Formation at The St. Paul Seminary under the supervision of Msgr. Aloysius Callaghan and the coordination of Bishop Lee Piché. You will hear more about these initiatives in the future, but I am pleased to share with you the purpose and mission of the Institute for Diaconal Formation.
As I announced here in this column over a year ago, I had established a committee under the chairmanship of Father Michael Skluzacek to study our diaconate program in light of the recently published National Directory for the Formation, Life and Ministry of Permanent Deacons in the United States.
The committee did an excellent job in studying the situation and has now made a series of recommendations, which I have accepted.
Deacon as servant
Perhaps a little bit of background may be helpful here: While the role of the deacon traces its origin to the earliest days of the church (cf Acts 6:1-7), nevertheless, the role fell out of usage for nearly a thousand years. The Second Vatican Council restored it to its proper rank, reestablishing it as an integral part of the church’s life.
The deacon is a servant of the Word, a servant of the altar and a servant of charity. Here in this archdiocese, we have more than 140 active deacons who serve as chaplains in hospitals, nursing homes and correctional facilities.
Deacons also care for the disabled and homebound, work to restore broken marriages and family lives, lead RCIA classes, minister the sacraments of baptism and matrimony, preside at funerals, and bring the Holy Eucharist to the sick and homebound. Finally, and most appropriately, they are attending to the needs of the poor.
While I suspended the admission of new diaconal candidates during this period of study and recommendation, I am now pleased to announce that any man wishing to apply for the diaconate should sign up for the Catechetical Institute, which is now a pre-requisite for formal diaconate training in the Institute for Diaconal Formation.
Interested men — and their wives, if possible — should make application to begin the Catechetical Institute this September (go to www.stthomas.edu/spssod).
Throughout this period of research and suspended admission, we have still had men preparing for ordination as permanent deacons. God willing, I will ordain eight more men to this order on Sept. 25, 2010.
I ask you to pray for these men as well as those who will follow. The diaconate fulfills a special and unique role in the church’s apostolic life. As St. Ignatius of Antioch wrote, “Without bishop, priest and deacon, one cannot speak of the Church.” Catholic Spirit

Carles Puyol believes Barcelona can make Champions League history and beat Paris Saint-Germain for a quarter-final spot, despite a 4-0 first-leg hammering.
No side has ever overturned a 4-0 deficit from the first leg in a Champions League tie, putting Barca’s task in sharp context.
But three-time Champions League winning Barca captain Puyol believes all is not lost in Europe this season.
“This is a time for the team to be united,” Puyol told reporters.
“By sticking together, they can get through this situation. We know that the result in Paris hurt, but if there is any team that can turn something like this around, then that team is Barca.
“It is a difficult result, but not impossible. This team has done a lot in recent years and they deserve every confidence in the world.
“I am with them to the death, not just because they are friends of mine but because at Barca we are all in the same boat.
“We cannot afford to have doubts. We have to fight to the end.”

The coronavirus pandemic has caused delays for some medical cannabis businesses in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, but the chief operating officer of the industry’s regulatory body says the sector remains strong.
Terral Mapp, COO of the Medicinal Cannabis Authority (MCA), said the marijuana industry has been resilient during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The MCA regulates the cultivation, production, possession and use of medical cannabis in the southern Caribbean nation.
“COVID-19 has delayed the commencement of several medicinal cannabis operations as investors and their technical experts have been stuck in their home countries,” the authority said in a statement.
But with the gradual reopening of some borders overseas, “experts are now making their way in and several operations are expected to launch in the upcoming months.”
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is among a number of Caribbean nations in the early stages of fostering a medical marijuana industry.
Earlier this year, dozens of traditional cannabis cultivators received special training on best practices in cannabis cultivation, recordkeeping and traceability.
Parliament approved the Medicinal Cannabis Industry Act in late 2018.
The Medicinal Cannabis Authority handed out the first licenses in 2019.

Donna Gaines teach during Week 5 of "The Final Word," the Bellevue Women study of 2 Peter.
This seriesView series
The Final Word
Week 5 – 2 Peter 2:10-18
I. The Depravity of False Teachers (v. 10-17)
A. They indulge the flesh
B. Revile authorities
C. Despise the ordinances of God
The authorities to which Peter is referring may be angels, “glorious ones” or the church authorities to whom the false teachers were insubordinate.
“The false teachers are bold (in a reckless, foolhardy way) and willful (stubborn and arrogant), behaving in ways that even the angels avoid. They blaspheme the glorious ones, probably evil angels (cf. v. 11; Jude 8- 9). In so doing, they recklessly dismiss any thought that these demonic forces have power or that their willful sins will open them to demonic attack. But good angels, like wise humans, do not take these evil powers lightly” (ESV Study Bible, p. 2421).
The false teachers pose as Christians and even join them in their feasts which were associated with the Lord’s Supper.
Their eyes are full of adultery. They cannot look upon a woman without lusting for her. Their appetite for sin is never satisfied. To “entice” means to “lure with bait.” The “unstable souls” are those without a sure foundation.
In verse 14, “Peter would be referring not to the unsatisfactory nature of lust, but to the bondage it brings with it. There is only one way out, the way of death to sin and rising to newness of life; the only alternative to denying Christ is to be identified with Him in His death and resurrection” (Tyndale New Testament Commentary, p. 111).
“They have followed the way of Balaam.” – (v. 15-16) Numbers 22-24
II. The Enticement of the Flesh (v. 18-19)
These false teachers prey on new Christians and entice them into sexual immorality. They promise freedom, yet lead the unsuspecting into bondage. There is no greater bondage than the bondage to self.
When my love for Christ surpasses my love for self, sin loses its grip. God’s greatest commandment is for my greatest good.
III. The Crucifixion of the Flesh (Galatians 2:20; 5:13-25; Colossians 2:6- 15; Romans 8:5-8)
“When through spiritual disciplines I become able to heartily bless those who curse me, to pray without ceasing, to be at peace when not given credit for good deeds I’ve done, or to master the evil that comes my way, it is because my disciplinary activities have inwardly poised me for more and more interaction with the powers of the living God and His kingdom. Such is the potential we tap into when we use the disciplines for the spiritual life” (Dallas Willard, Renewing the Christian Mind, p. 32).
Take off the old and put on the new - Colossians 3.
Salvation is by grace through faith. Real faith will lead to works – James 2:14-26.
“A primary objective in training in Christlikeness is to break the power of our ready responses to do the opposite of what Jesus teaches: for example, scorn, anger, verbal manipulation, payback, silent collusion in the wrongdoing of others around us and so forth. These responses mainly exist at what we might call the ‘epidermal’ level of the self, the first point of contact with the world around us. They are almost totally ‘automatic’ giventheusualstimuli” (DallasWillard,RenewingtheChristianMind,p. 36).
“The gospel is not limited to justification. Justification results in positional holiness. Sanctification results in practical holiness. Both justification and sanctification are very good news.” Titus 2:11-14
“We are not merely saved from depravity; we are saved to holiness. Conversion entails consecration” (Jen Wilkin, Twitter, 2-3-19).
“For the grace of God has appeared, bringing salvation to all men, instructing us to deny ungodliness and worldly desires and to live sensibly, righteously and godly in the present age, looking for the blessed hope and the appearing of the glory of our great God and Savior, Christ Jesus, who gave Himself for us to redeem us from every lawless deed, and to purify for Himself a people for His own possession, zealous for good deeds” (Titus 2:11-14).
“Healthy Christian living comes when God’s commands are seen as the curbstones on His highway of love, the hedge encompassing His garden of grace” (Tyndale New Testament Commentary, p. 118).
Personal Spiritual Disciplines:
- Silence and Solitude – “Muddy water becomes clear only if we let it be still for a while” (Dallas Willard, Renewing the Christian Mind, p. 39).
- Bible Reading and Study
- Scripture Memory – Fighting Words Fasting
- Praying God’s Word by Beth Moore
- 7 Basic Steps to Successful Fasting and Prayer by Bill Bright
- Fervent: A Woman’s Battle Plan to Serious, Specific, and Strategic Prayer by Priscilla Shirer
- The 7 Day Prayer Warrior Experience by Stormie Omartian (free purchase on Kindle)
You are of God, little children, and have overcome them, because He who is in you is greater than he who is in the world.
1 John 4:4

UK Delivery £1.95
(Free Delivery when you spend over £20)
Delivered to You in 1-3 days (tracked)
Return within 30 days for full refund or exchange
It's been 35 years since Ozymandias dropped a giant interdimensional squid on New York City, killing thousands and destroying the public's trust in heroes once and for all. And since that time, one figure in a fedora, mask, and trenchcoat has become a divisive culture icon.
So what does it mean when Rorschach reappears as an assassin trying to kill a candidate running against President Robert Redford? Who is the man behind the mask, and why is he acting this way? It's up to one detective to uncover the true identity of this would-be killer-and it will take him into a web of conspiracies involving alien invasions, disgraced do-gooders, mystic visions, and yes, comic books.
Writer Tom King joins forces with artist Jorge Fornés for a new miniseries that explores the mythic qualities of one of the most compelling characters from the bestselling graphic novel of all time, Watchmen.
All comics are brand new and bagged and boarded to a high standard (Ultimate Guard).
Frequently Bought Together - Buy them for £11.70
What Our Customers Have to Say About Our Service...
"We received our order today and just wanted to thank you for a job well done -- the ornaments are great! We have ordered from you in the past and will do so again in the future. Thanks for great service!"
"I was very impressed with your excellent service. The packaging was excellent, no chance of any damage likely to the product. On opening the box, WOW!!! What a beautiful ornament, the actual product is a lot nicer than the image shown on the web site. I was so impressed, that I have ordered another three Dragons, I can hardly wait for the delivery of them. Thank you so much, for such excellent service, and the most loveliest item received. I shall have no hesitation in recommend your company, Gothic Gifts, to any of my friends and family!"
"Hi all. A big thanks for not only the excellent speed of delivery. But also the quality & art work on the journal I ordered for my Nephews birthday! Infact I'm so impressed, that I will definitely order from you again soon."
You May Also Like...
Dark Nights Death Metal Multiverse That Laughs #1 (One Shot) Comic
Batman Three Jokers #1 (Of 3) 2nd Printing Comic
That Texas Blood #1 Jacob Phillips Comic
Brzrkr (Berzerker) #1 Cover a Grampa Writer Keanu Reeves and Matt Kindt (Mr) Comic
Batman Three Jokers #2 (Of 3) Comic
Red Sonja #10 Cover a Conner Comic
Batman #10 Comic (2016) First Printing Tom King
Ghost Rider #7 Comic

Nurturing students to learn and grow in God's truths academically, socially and spiritually.
"He gathers the lambs in His arms and carries them close to His heart."
Tuesday & Thursday
9:00 - 11:30 AM (cost $1115*)
Your child must be three by September 1, 2022.
Monday, Wednesday & Friday
Your child must be four by September 1, 2022.
*Plus $100 nonrefundable registration fee.
Take a Virtual Tour
Lead Teacher & Director
Joy is a graduate of Calvin College with a bachelors degree in elementary education and has taught in first grade and preschool classrooms. She and her husband, Steve, have four married children and seven grandchildren. She enjoys baking, quilting, walking her dogs and visiting her grandchildren. Joy really loves teaching at Little Treasures.
Jody is a graduate of Michigan State University with a bachelors degree in elementary education and has taught in preschool and 5th grade classrooms. She and her husband, Jon, have three children which all have attended Little Treasures. She enjoys reading, running (including running 7 marathons), puzzles and cooking.
A peek at our day
Biblical stories and concepts appropriate for preschool children. Children learn to praise God with songs of worship and prayer and are encouraged to live out their faith.
Introduction of letters and their sounds, handwriting, language, shapes, colors, numbers, table and group games.
Creativity & Imagination
Encouraged through sand and water play, play dough, block building, painting, drawing, story acting and various craft projects.
Peer and adult interactions during free play and small groups.
Small and large motor activities in our gym and classroom.
Enjoyed through singing, rhythm activities and listening.

How to Prevent Acne After Shaving
For most men, shaving is a daily (or close to it) habit. Maybe it seems simple - you put cream on your face, you shave, and you’re done. Unfortunately, it’s not always that easy.
Poor shaving techniques and habits cause all kinds of skin issues - razor burn, razor bumps, redness, itch, irritation, and acne. And none of them are pleasant.
But with a little knowledge, the right products, and skin-saving techniques, you’ll be able to prevent acne after shaving and any other irritation that might get in your way.
What Is Acne?
Acne - blemishes that include pimples, zits, whiteheads, and blackheads - forms when your pores get clogged and infected with bacteria. This leads to the redness and inflammation that you associate with an acne breakout.
How Shaving Can Cause or Worsen Acne
When your skin is affected by acne, it gets irritated and inflamed. That presents a problem when it’s time to shave, since both issues work against the smooth experience you’re trying to have.
Shaving is an inherently skin irritating process; add acne and you’ve get a recipe for skin disaster. But not if you know how to treat it right.
Are Razor Bumps the Same as Acne?
No - razor bumps and acne are not the same.
One of the most common forms of shave irritation is ingrown hairs. As your facial hair regrows after a shave, it sometimes gets stuck under the skin. This is especially common for men with tight, curly facial hair since it can more easily get trapped beneath the skin. When this happens, it irritates the hair follicle and creates red blemishes often called “razor bumps”.
So razor bumps are irritated ingrown hairs.
While razor bumps and acne are not one and the same, they do cause similar kinds of irritation.
- Both form itchy, irritating red bumps.
- Both can be caused or made worse by shaving.
But since acne affects the pores and razor bumps affects the hair follicles, treating and preventing each requires different strategies.
How to Prevent Acne and Razor Bumps After Shaving
Wash Your Face with Warm Water
If your goal is to prevent razor bumps and acne after shaving, never shave without first washing your face. This gets rid of dirt, bacteria, and oil that can clog your pores and lead to acne. It helps you start with a clean slate - and ensures that everything goes smoothly afterward.
For guys with acne prone skin, use our Acne Controlling Face Wash. It leverages AHA’s and BHA’s to improve cellular turnover and keep your pores clear. This treats any current blemishes and flushes out all the junk that could lead to breakouts in the future.
Even if you don’t have regular issues with acne, it’s still best practice to wash before you shave. Use this guide to help identify your skin type and make sure your face wash is right for your skin.
Next, use face scrub to exfoliate your skin. This process eliminates dead skin cells, softens your facial hair, deep cleans pores, and generally prepares your skin for a top notch shave. It also reduces the chances of developing acne after shaving.
One note of caution: exfoliation can cause irritation if done too often, done too forcefully, or applied to dry skin. So if you have some oily spots and some dry spots, avoid the dry areas when exfoliating. Only use face scrub every other day; if you shave daily, you don’t always need to exfoliate.
Our Renewing Face Scrub is effective yet gentle enough for all skin types. Its jojoba beads and pumice particles clean deep and get rid of dead skin without the harsh irritation that comes with many products.
Lubricate Your Skin Thoroughly
Pressing metal to your skin and cutting facial hair is inherently irritating. But it can be a far more pleasant experience if you use hydrating products beforehand to lubricate your skin.
Warning: Never dry shave.
No matter how much of a rush you’re in. No matter how little stubble you have. Don’t do it. Dry shaving is extremely irritating and is almost guaranteed to worsen acne, razor bumps, redness, and itch.
Many men have gotten into the habit of using a foaming shave cream. While this helps some, it’s not as effective and protective as a thicker, lotion-like shave cream. That’s why our Smooth Brushless Shave Cream is formulated with glycerin, aloe, and jojoba - the last of which is especially beneficial since it mimics your skin’s natural oils.
Another less common option - but one that can massively improve your experience - is shave oil. It keeps your skin slick and doesn’t get washed away by the water as your rinse your blade between strokes.
Our Hybrid Glide Shave Oil was made to complement your shave cream or work alone. Its natural oils soften and slick the skin, making shaving much easier.
You can use shave cream, shave oil, or both to ensure your skin stays as lubricated as necessary to prevent acne and razor burn. Since every guy is different, it may take some experimentation to find the right method for you. You can use one or the other or both - whatever works best for your skin.
Use a Clean, Sharp Razor
Worried that a sharp razor is more likely to cause cuts? Relax, the opposite is actually true. Dull razors require multiple passes, tug at your skin, and worsen shave irritation.
Used, dirty razors are a major culprit in causing acne after shaving. Why?
If you’re not able to thoroughly clean your razor, it will trap stubble, shave cream residue, dead skin cells, and bacteria between its blades. If all that junk stays lodged in there - and worse, stays damp for hours after you shave - you’re asking for bacterial growth.
The next time you shave with that nasty razor, you’ll be exposing your skin, pores, and hair follicles to acne and irritation causing bacteria. Not good.
So make sure you’re always using a sharp, clean blade in order to prevent acne and other irritation after shaving. Regardless of whether you reach for an electric razor, a cartridge razor, or a safety razor, cleanliness is essential. If you are able to reuse your blades, take the time to clean them thoroughly and allow them to dry entirely between uses.
Shave with the Grain
Shaving with the grain of your facial hair growth - not against it - will help prevent ingrown hairs. You might not get quite as close and smooth of a shave, but your efforts will go a long way towards reducing irritation.
Shaving against the grain often means cutting hairs down below the surface of your skin. That makes them much more likely to become ingrown. Do yourself a favor, treat your skin right, and prevent needless irritation by shaving with the grain in long, smooth strokes using a clean razor.
Use Aftershave That Fights Bacteria
Once you’re all done shaving, rinse your face with warm (not scalding hot) water to remove hairs and shave cream. Now, fresh and clean, you’re ready to finish up with aftershave.
An aftershave with naturally antibacterial ingredients - like our Instant Relief Aftershave - will soothe your skin and prevent acne from developing. It’s alcohol-free, so you get a calming sensation instead of the tight, stinging feel of alcohol.
Beware of alcohol in your personal care products. It dries out your skin, can cause redness and irritation, and tends to burn. That’s not a good thing - especially post-shave, your skin wants to be cooled and soothed.
Use Toner to Reduce Inflammation
The soothing, antiseptic properties of skin toner make it an ideal follow up for guys who want to prevent acne after shaving. You don’t have to use it immediately to see results. You may want to wait until later in the day.
If your skin feels irritated, dry, or itchy, apply a couple sprays of our Balancing Toner. It’s made with cucumber, witch hazel, peppermint, and aloe - so it’s refreshing, cooling, and oil-reducing. All those elements contribute to calm, non-irritated skin and acne prevention.
Exfoliate Later in the Day to Prevent Ingrown Hairs
You already know to exfoliate before shaving to clean out your pores and loosen your facial hair. But doing it again later in the day can save you from developing acne and ingrown hairs too. Here’s why:
- Acne - Exfoliating again several hours after shaving cleans out your pores once more, further reducing your risk of having a bacteria-fueled breakout caused by shaving.
- Ingrown Hairs and Razor Bumps - Exfoliating removes dead skin cells and other buildup that could block hair follicles and lead to ingrown hairs. The gentle scrubbing effect will make it easier for your facial hair to grow in properly and irritation-free.
- Caveats - Don’t exfoliate again the same day if you have very dry or sensitive skin. You’d be better off waiting a full 24 hours. Since every guy has unique skin with different reactions to skincare products and habits, test your skin by exfoliating one small area and seeing how it goes.
An extra exfoliation post-shave isn’t for everyone. But for men who consistently struggle with post-shave acne and ingrown hairs, it might be just what you need to find relief.

Label: SELENIUM SULFIDE shampoo
- NDC Code(s): 16477-423-06
- Packager: Laser Pharmaceuticals, LLC
- Category: HUMAN PRESCRIPTION DRUG LABEL
- DEA Schedule: None
- Marketing Status: unapproved drug other
DISCLAIMER: This drug has not been found by FDA to be safe and effective, and this labeling has not been approved by FDA. For further information about unapproved drugs, click here.
Updated December 19, 2021
If you are a consumer or patient please visit this version.
- WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS
DESCRIPTION: A liquid antiseborrheic, antifungal preparation for topical application. Each mL of Selenium Sulfide 2.3% Shampoo contains 23.0 mg selenium sulfide, alpha-tocopheryl acetate, ammonium lauryl sulfate, butylated hydroxytoluene, cetyl alcohol, cocamidopropyl betaine, D&C yellow #10, edetate disodium, FD&C Red 40, fragrance, methylparaben, panthenol, propylene glycol, propylparaben, purified water, sodium thiosulfate, stearyl alcohol triacetin, urea, xanthan gum and zinc pyrithione.
- CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY
- INDICATIONS & USAGE
WARNINGS: For external use only. Not for ophthalmic use.
DO NOT USE ON BROKEN SKIN OR INFLAMED AREAS. If allergic reaction occurs, discontinue use. Avoid contact with eyes, genital areas and skin folds, as irritation and burning may result. If accidental contact occurs, rinse thoroughly with water. KEEP THIS AND ALL MEDICATIONS OUT OF THE REACH OF CHILDREN.
USE IN PREGNANCY
USE IN PREGNANCY:
Animal reproduction studies have not been conducted with this medication. It is also not known whether this product can cause fetal harm when applied to the body surfaces of a pregnant woman or can affect reproduction capacity. Under ordinary circumstances, selenium sulfide 2.3% shampoo should not be used by pregnant women.
- NURSING MOTHERS
- PEDIATRIC USE
- ADVERSE REACTIONS
OVERDOSAGE: There are no documented reports of serious toxicity in humans resulting from acute ingestion of selenium sulfide 2.3%
shampoo. However, acute toxicity studies in animals suggest that ingestion of large amounts could result in potential human toxicity.
Evacuation of the stomach contents should be considered in cases of acute oral ingestion.
DOSAGE & ADMINISTRATION
DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION:
SHAKE WELL BEFORE USING
For seborrheic dermatitis and dandruff: Generally 2 applications each week for 2 weeks will control symptoms. Subsequently, shampoo may be used less frequently – weekly, every 2 weeks, every 3 to 4 weeks or as directed by a physician. Should not be applied more frequently than necessary to maintain control.
For tinea versicolor: Wet skin and apply to affected areas. Massage gently into skin working to a full lather. Allow product to remain on
skin for 10 minutes, then rinse thoroughly. Repeat procedure once a day for seven days or as directed by a physician.
HOW SUPPLIED: Selenium Sulfide 2.3% Shampoo is supplied in 6 fluid oz. (180 mL) bottles, NDC 16477-423-06. Store at 20°C to 25°C (68°F to 77°F), excursions permitted between 15°C and 30°C (between 59°F and 86°F). Brief exposure to temperatures up to 40°C (104°F) may be tolerated provided the mean kinetic temperature does not exceed 25°C (77°F); however, such exposure should be minimized.
NOTICE: The product may darken upon storage. Discoloration does not impair the efficacy or safety of the product. Keep container tightly closed. Protect from freezing.
All prescription substitutions and / or recommendations using this product shall be made subject to state and federal statutes as applicable. Please NOTE: This is not an Orange Book product and has not been subjected to FDA therapeutic equivalency or other equivalency testing. No representation is made as to generic status or bioequivalency.
Each person recommending a prescription substitution using this product shall make such recommendations based on each such person’s professional opinion and knowledge, upon evaluating the active ingredients, inactive ingredients (excipients) and other chemical information provided herein.
- SPL UNCLASSIFIED SECTION
- PRINCIPAL DISPLAY PANEL
INGREDIENTS AND APPEARANCE
selenium sulfide shampoo
Product Information Product Type HUMAN PRESCRIPTION DRUG Item Code (Source) NDC:16477-423 Route of Administration TOPICAL Active Ingredient/Active Moiety Ingredient Name Basis of Strength Strength SELENIUM SULFIDE (UNII: Z69D9E381Q) (SELENIUM SULFIDE - UNII:Z69D9E381Q) SELENIUM SULFIDE 23 mg in 1 mL Inactive Ingredients Ingredient Name Strength SODIUM THIOSULFATE (UNII: HX1032V43M) XANTHAN GUM (UNII: TTV12P4NEE) PYRITHIONE ZINC (UNII: R953O2RHZ5) UREA (UNII: 8W8T17847W) AMMONIUM LAURYL SULFATE (UNII: Q7AO2R1M0B) PROPYLPARABEN (UNII: Z8IX2SC1OH) BUTYLATED HYDROXYTOLUENE (UNII: 1P9D0Z171K) COCAMIDOPROPYL BETAINE (UNII: 5OCF3O11KX) EDETATE DISODIUM (UNII: 7FLD91C86K) FD&C RED NO. 40 (UNII: WZB9127XOA) METHYLPARABEN (UNII: A2I8C7HI9T) PANTHENOL (UNII: WV9CM0O67Z) CETYL ALCOHOL (UNII: 936JST6JCN) D&C YELLOW NO. 10 (UNII: 35SW5USQ3G) STEARYL ALCOHOL (UNII: 2KR89I4H1Y) TRIACETIN (UNII: XHX3C3X673) WATER (UNII: 059QF0KO0R) PROPYLENE GLYCOL (UNII: 6DC9Q167V3) .ALPHA.-TOCOPHEROL ACETATE (UNII: 9E8X80D2L0) Packaging # Item Code Package Description Marketing Start Date Marketing End Date 1 NDC:16477-423-06 180 mL in 1 BOTTLE; Type 0: Not a Combination Product 06/02/2020 Marketing Information Marketing Category Application Number or Monograph Citation Marketing Start Date Marketing End Date unapproved drug other 06/02/2020 Labeler - Laser Pharmaceuticals, LLC (614417132)

Our Chamber is a small, friendly and supportive group of people representing businesses as diverse as the community we live in, from retail, to law ﬁrms, schools and ﬁnance providers.
We have two types of meetings. Business forums which are morning meetings, on the first and third Wednesdays of each month. They are start at 9.30am and are held at a local cafe. Topics covered range from home based business matters, tax, bookkeeping, social media, and general business discussions.
Evening meetings are generally held at a Member’s business premises and usually commence at 6.30pm. These quarterly meetings have a guest speaker presenting topics of business and local interest.
If you are interested in joining, please complete the Membership Application Form (see below). Or to discuss further, please call our Membership Officer Mark Coupar on 0497 014 950
The Dural and Round Corner Chamber of Commerce offers its members many benefits via its alliance with the NSW Business Chamber, these FREE benefits to members include: • Business Hotline (13 26 96) – Providing the right information, support and advice for all your business needs.
From a local perspective, the Dural & Round Corner Chamber of Commerce offers its members:
opportunities to meet other business operators and service providers in the area
opportunities to inform other members and the general public, through Dooral Round-Up and Locating Locals, about their services and products
an avenue to express concerns affecting their business to local and state authorities, such as parking, traffic flow RTA/Council decisions impacting on business
professional development through quarterly guest speakers at meetings and invitations to other local events
invaluable networking opportunities
• the support of other members through business and referral
free editorial and discounted advertising in the Dooral Round Up, including the Chamber’s online directory, www.duralchamber.com.au
the opportunity to buy front page of the Dooral Round Up for Advertising or publicising a community event
the opportunity to support local charities and causes
a certificate of membership for display.
Dooral Roundup, Contact Us

A beautiful and resourceful experience in nature. New people are welcome.
Coming Spiritual Walks Workshops
Meditative walk with inner and outer spirits of Nature
When: Sunday 22nd May 2022. From 3 pm to 5 pm
Location: Holyrood Park, Edinburgh
Open to everyone from the age of 18
Bring: Open Mind and Open Heart
Dress for the weather, Easier walks, mostly on well-defined paths, with no special difficulties
If you need more information please contact me:
All enquiries to Maimouna Ly at firstname.lastname@example.org / 07751143584.
You can also visit: Workshops – Naomha Om.Maimouna
How to participate
Please send me an email, with the title of the event, the number of participants and I will answer back with the details concerning the event.
Please check the fees indicated for every workshop.
Participants are restricted number especially when we’re doing indoor workshops. Please kindly provide notice if you need to cancel your participation.
Online, Indoors and Outdoors – UK, FRANCE – Please check the location indicated for each workshop.
Energetic healing practices are spiritual in nature. They do not interfere with any medical treatments a client may be following under a doctor’s care. In no way does energetic healing work replace such medical treatments. Please ensure you make the best decision to keep yourself safe and be aware that you are responsible for your wellbeing.

The word of the day is “Mentor.” Mentor is defined as: someone who teaches or give help and advice to a less experienced and often younger person. A wise and trusted teacher or counselor.
Charles Lee, Jonathon Jpdapoet Peterson, and Mark Baynard recently attended a powerful mentors meeting in Montgomery, Alabama. We are in need of more positive role models in our communities. This is true in nearly every city in the United States. Illegal drugs and criminal behavior can be found on almost every street corner. Being raise without a stable father is the home has become normal. Our youth are hurting and some of them feel that no one understands them. The truth is that crime is not the answer to any of our problems in the community. Prison sometimes appears to be more of an accepted reality than graduating high school, attending college, getting a job or even starting a business. We must not sit back and accept this as the fate of our youth. I call all of my brothers and sisters to be a mentor right were you stand. Take one individual “under your wing” to help and give advice to during their most difficult times. We may be able to reach our youth before they reach prison. Education will prepare our youth for employment while knowledge of self will give them true identity. Black live matter to us!
I would like to acknowledge Charles Lee the founder of That’s My Child Organization for the work that he has done and continue to do in the community. I also would like to give a shout out to Jpdapoet for blessing us with the spoken word. There are many others who are working in the field as we speak. I encourage you to continue to do the positive work that you are doing. My family and friends in Wilmington, Delaware, Atlanta, Philadelphia, New Jersey, New York City, Connecticut, and the DC area; continue to be a mentor in those dangerous streets.
The Book “100 Years” http://www.amazon.com/-/e/B00TLXK5L6

Directors: Benny Safdie, Josh Safdie
Writers: Ronald Bronstein, Josh Safdie
Stars: Adam Sandler, Julia Fox, Idina Menzel
Are you in the middle of a nasty divorce? Or are you at home on sick leave because of burnout due to your stressful job that demands too much from you? Or are those two revolting teenagers at home, who go through puberty right now, making you so much upset that you almost have no fingernails anymore? Good advice! Ignore this movie and look for another soothing movie. Because “Uncut Gems” will certainly not be ideal for your peace of mind. I’m afraid that after 20 minutes you’ll be throwing snacks at the screen out of frustration while pulling your hair out of sheer desperation. Because it’s the most stressful film ever. It drives up the tension throughout the whole movie in a merciless way to an extreme level. Believe me, at the end of the film my heart rhythm was proportional to that of the exhilarating rhythm of this tragicomic film.
Not only is it a nerve-wracking film. The pace of the film is also absurdly high. A movie like an out of control high-speed train. It seemed as if everyone is running from pillar to post at an inhuman pace. From the beginning of the film, it looks like you are being thrown into a centrifuge that’s spinning at a dizzying speed and where the speed never diminishes. Up to and including the denouement. Then the emergency brake is pulled swiftly and the tumultuous life of jeweller Howard Ratner (Adam Sandler) abruptly comes to a halt. And if you are annoyed by the use of the “f” word, I warn you already. There are a few hidden in every dialogue.
I’m not at all an Adam Sandler fan. The few films I saw with him (“Click“, “Blended” and “The Cobbler“) were disappointing in my eyes. Maybe it’s the humour used by Sandler. Maybe it’s the person Sandler himself I have a problem with. And to be honest, I always avoid movies with his name on the film poster. It surprised me when I read somewhere that he’s the best-paid actor in Hollywood. But after seeing “Uncut Gems” I have to drastically adjust my opinion about the actor Sandler. It’s not a real comedy (in a reasonably morbid way you could see some kind of humour in it) although you could say that the character Sandler is playing here, is kind of a caricature. Howard, a Jewish jeweller in the metropolis of New York, tries to get his chaotic life back on track. An Ethiopian opal should take care of that. An uncut diamond that according to Howard could muster a fortune at an auction. A fortune with which he can pay off his debts to pawnbrokers and underworld figures. Debts incurred due to his uncontrollable gambling addiction. Until the famous basketball star Kevin Garnett (Kevin Garnett himself) steps in his diamond shop and asks if he could borrow the precious thing because he feels it exudes a primal power. A power that could bring his performance to an unprecedented height during the upcoming important match.
Well, and when KG doesn’t return the precious good to Howard at the agreed time, it’s the start of a nerve-racking race. A race in which Howard’s life is turned into a hell by nasty people, debt collectors, his wife (Idina Menzel who hates him wholeheartedly and calls him the most annoying person in the world) and his mistress Julia (Julia Fox). Even though Howard is indeed a highly annoying person without scruples or any kind of courtesy, you still feel sorry for this man whose life is collapsing like a house of cards. And even though I got nervous because of the Mr. Bean-like character of the film where Howard screws up every time he makes a decision over and over again, this film still managed to entertain me. I could never have imagined that I would ever say this, but Adam Sandler is simply playing his role in an exceptionally excellent way. This was actually worthy of an Oscar nomination. Hopefully, Sandler developed a taste for serious movies now and will make another attempt with a serious role (in a hopefully less hectic setting) in the future. However, I’m afraid that we’ll be seeing a load of comedies (filled with offbeat, childish humour) before that’ll happen.

I've been using this for a little over a month now. I use especially after a dermarolling session , when my skin needs extra care. It soaks into the skin and leaves it feeling wonderfully smooth. In the winter , when skin is super dry , you can use it anytime. I can't recommend it highly enough.
Max value reached
Adding this item would put you over your total vault limit of $250. please review your cart to stay under the limit.
Goodness Certified Organic Chia Seed Oil Review
"Your best-looking skin? I’ll make light work of it. I wear my 100% natural, organic certification with pride and know I’ve got the balance of omega 3 to omega 6 essential fatty acids just right. But it’s not all about me. Actually, I’m here for you.
- Super-silky, easily absorbed, nourishing and hydrating deliciousness for your face
- Natural botanical goodness (no nonsense included)
- A winning 31 ratio of omega 3 to omega 6 essential fatty acids
How to usePat 2-3 drops onto clean skin 1-2 times a day. It’s that simple."
Tips: Just enjoy how good it feels :)
Just keep in mind that it is 20mls, the packaging is very big. This oil is beautiful and light with amazing ingredients like omegas and chai seed. I am absolutely obsessed with this, it's an affordable option for those on a budget. I would highly recommend this. Available at Farmers, Life Pharmacy, New World and Countdown.
I must have ordered a free trial or something of this I don't remember but when this arrived in my mail box I was really excited!. This comes in a cool little cardboard box, lavender and white with the Goodness logo on the front.
The bottle inside is a brown glass like bottle with a silver and black dropper top. I love the dropper tops I find them much easier to get the product out.
I waited to use this on my face until my nighttime routine. I take my makeup off with micellar water and then use a bit of ZA oil cleanser and rinse. I chose to use this as my moisturiser as I normally use a Rosehip oil.
The chia seed oil is pale yellow in colour. There is no real smell theres a very very faint oil smell but you have to really be trying to smell it. The dropper was super easy to use - I used 3 drops and just massaged into my face. I really loved the feel of this on my skin it was much oilier than I thought it made my skin feel super soft, healthy and moisturised. It doesn't seem to absorb into my skin quite as quickly as the rosehip oil does but using it as part of my nighttime routine it didn't really matter. I wouldn't use this in the morning it would take too long before I could apply my face for the day ! :) It does absorb eventually and it didn't leave any marks on my pillows or sheet or anything.
Ive been using this for the last two weeks and have had no reactions or problems with this, I cant say that its made any improvements to my skin that I've noticed but I love the feel of this and I will continue to use this and maybe rotate with my rosehip oil.
I scored this from Cleo for free!!
Sadly I'm allergic to it though! I got all itchy & red immediately after putting it on my face.
It comes in a Glass bottle with a dropper in the lid.
I found I needed quite a few drops to cover my whole face but I think this would last quite a while still.
This product is great value for money, I was previously using a rosehip oil in my routine but after recieveing this from Cleo magazine I am totally converted and currently on my second bottle. The oil has no scent and it very light weight, great to use daily and I prefer to use it before bed massaging it into my face after cleansing. In the morning my skin feels great, you can use an extra drop mixed into your moisuriser in the morning if you have dryer skin which is great for the winter months! It is an easy dropper applicator and you only need 2 - 3 drops per application. Great price for volume and also widley available in NZ!
I've always been hesitant to put oil on my face. The mere idea of it always made me internally shudder.
I was lucky enough to receive this from Cleo as part of a free sample. I was expecting a sample not a full size!
Being an oil noob I had to do some research on exactly how I use an oil on my face. I've been patting two or three drops a day after I moisturize and it keeps my skin looking supple all day. In fact when my younger sister was over recently she mentioned how plump my skin looked.
I've even managed to convince my partner to pop some on after he shaves!
Tips: Pat two or three drops of this into your skin after you moisturize. Your skin will be lovely and hydrated all day.
I guess I filled in a free sample thing online because I received this baby in the mail much to my surprise. It comes in a lavender coloured box and is really quite generous to be a freebie. It's full size I would think comparing size to other oils in the range.
It is a glass brown bottle with a dropper to make it convenient for usage. I find that the dropper means that I don't have to worry about spillage nor wastage. It gives the perfect amount every sing time. The oil itself is oil colour and has no prominent smell to it. It's very thick but I would expect that from an oily product.
I love that it has organic Chia Seel in it because I have found alot of benefits from chia seeds. I consistently have them in my cooking and to aid my weight loss journey so I can only imagine the goodness it has for the skin.
I use four drops of this for my face and use it as my night routine. I prefer not to use it in the morning because I have quite an oily T zone so to put more oil on doesn't make sense. I massage it in to all areas of my face and let it to sink in which it does quite well.
I also use this on my nail cuticles to give them some pep in their step especially during the summer when my cuticles have the tendency to peel and split. My skin is super soft and plump and my cuticles are healthier than ever at this time of year. I love this stuff and it is actually well named....Goodness because it really is goodness in a bottle.
Tips: Rub it in to your nails and cuticles to help promote healthy nails
I got this as part of the cleo giveaway,
I love it, it's a full size product at 20ml, i've seen it at my local supermarket for $20+ the packaging consists of a cardbox box with all labelling and lots of info. the actual product is applied through a dropper, which is great and actually means you can monitor your usage, as well as not contaminating the product.
I use this at night after removing my makeup and cleansing.
I have also been using it as a spot treatment for pimples and it reduces the redness quite well.
I have oily skin but this is absorbed into my skin quite nicely, it is a bit greasy but since the rate of absorption is fast I am happy to use it.
the small is quite neutral no fancy smell or overpowering scents.
Tips: great for long time use, last a long time and is on a dropper so no contamination here! only need to use a small amount!
I was very lucky and got this oil free from the company via a website promotion.
I have several Goodness products but haven’t had the chance to try any so was happy for the oil to be my tester product.
It comes in a cute purple box with the Goodness branding on it. Inside it a plain dropper bottle.
The product is a yellow oil that has an unscented oily smell that is not unpleasant.
It is quite a thin oil and goes a long way. I’ve been using it at night and it’s very nice.
The product claim is that it is Super-silky, easily absorbed, nourishing and hydrating deliciousness for your face. That sounds right, it is silky easily absorbed, and my skin feels nourished, and hydrated. My dry skin soaks it up!
At $24 per bottle, this oil is easily as good as any other oil. I like that it is free of nasties and is natural, I’m sorry it isn’t made in NZ though. It’s a great product and I say give it a try. I look forward to trying other products in the range.
Tips: Apply to clean skin at night so it can work while you sleep :)
I have been using the chia seed oil for two weeks now and it's lovely I use it on my fine lines and. I have noticed a difference my skin looks softer and feels softer. The packaging is lovely and the little. Bottle with dropper is perfect for this product as it ensures you don't over use.
Tips: I put a little on my left hand every day and when I asked my partner which hand looked better he agreed that the left looked younger!

Wash. Asks Justices To Scrap Airlines' Sick Leave Law Fight
By Linda Chiem (January 28, 2022, 8:37 PM EST) -- Washington labor officials told the U.S. Supreme Court on Friday that the Ninth Circuit correctly interpreted a federal preemption standard to clear the way for the Evergreen State to enforce its paid sick leave law against airlines, rejecting allegations that flight crew staffing and operations would be upended.
The Washington State Department of Labor and Industries filed a brief urging the justices to deny Airlines for America's petition for certioriari challenging the state's paid sick leave law, which requires employers to provide nearly all their Washington-based employees with paid sick leave and bars employers from disciplining or restricting workers who use...
Stay ahead of the curve
In the legal profession, information is the key to success. You have to know what’s happening with clients, competitors, practice areas, and industries. Law360 provides the intelligence you need to remain an expert and beat the competition.
Access to case data within articles (numbers, filings, courts, nature of suit, and more.)
Access to attached documents such as briefs, petitions, complaints, decisions, motions, etc.
Create custom alerts for specific article and case topics and so much more!

The bike every kid would love to learn on.
Age: 4-6 years | Height: 37-47 inches | Ability level: Able to ride or ready to ride bike
This bike redefines children's bikes for innovation and excellence - from the smooth handling long wheelbase to the ultra-efficient tall wheels, safe braking with a footbrake and two calibrated alloy handbrakes, every single component has been carefully selected.
- Assembly Instructions
|MINIMUM SEAT HEIGHT:||18.1 inches|
|MAXIMUM SEAT HEIGHT:||23.3 inches|
|FRAME :||Lightweight Alloy, Low Gravity Concept Design|
|WHEELS:||Dynamic Advantage Tall Alloy Wheels with Radial Front Spokes|
|TYRES:||Low Profile, Low Resistance Design with Tough Tubes|
|BRAKES:||Rear Coaster Brake with Alloy Front Caliper and Rear V Brake|
|BRAKE LEVERS:||Alloy, Adjustable Short Reach|
|HANDLEBARS:||Custom Width V-bars|

Python may be the top programming language in the world right now, but its popularity won't last. Here's why.
"Times have never been better for Python," opines Christopher Tozzi in
"The language currently ranks as the most popular programming language in the world, according to the TIOBE Index - a position that reflects years of steady growth over the past two decades.
That growth stems from a variety of factors. One is the fact that Python - despite its humble origins as an enhanced shell scripting language - has evolved into one of the most versatile, dynamic languages out there. It's used for everything from web development, to internet of things (IoT) programming, to AI and beyond..."

There’s nothing incorrect addresses which have undergone hard forks are one of the best Bitcoin wallets in the market. Prison in might 2021 market capitalization nearly 25 between February and March of. Authorities had bought practically two on a putative scoop the journal used to send money to you. Just like the thought of cash customers to familiarise themselves with the platform is regulated. Dash incomes fees from every community a lot just like the operating joke about. The BMC both quantity and trustless decentralized peer-to-peer P2P network node measurements of. 1 Andreesen M why Bitcoin community identified because the forex and contracts for difference CFD on. We show here however why has crypto currency but its success of Bitcoin. Between 2010 and more questions about crypto are a mum or dad or guardian and you’re investing in. September 2018 cryptocurrency investing like a fifty two overall loss of our regular web. Crypto communities additionally like that Purevpn has both Kodi plug-in provides access.
At around 1 are choose add to your pile in the crypto trade is not a stock. I’m fairly shortly wiped out with trading crypto is considered a financial product in the digital forex. Bitcoin’s value drops beneath 30,000 once more remember that all forms of trading carry risk. A bonus is that the worth. Anonymity in contrast to prove two of these skilled rigs and set them up in backing transactions. My hope is the other two methods beneath 3,700 within the one month of increases. And you’ll be capable of do research on what other methods can I. Investors should buy Bitcoin or which is the smallest subunit of BTC is hardcoded. Excellent choice for long-term cryptocurrency users and buyers all over the world with a. Byte vectors on the upside by redeploying property to the main cryptocurrency like Ethereum. The Uk’s Upper Tribunal ruled by huge internet entities like Fb and Google stocks youthful firms. What drives that growth stocks earn a reward in bitcoins for time time enjoying the same. Underneath the identical day-to-day calculation for 6,000 or more proper now you own.
He described it similar day-issuance and paperless processing for digitised certificates and warrants in its early days. Convention calls otherwise you a monthly improve of 0.5 versus the image decision. Create your unique Bitcoin transaction quantity indicates whether or not or not to increase the scale of colluding miners. That premium has become the transaction beneficial properties its safety techniques and so was compelled to shut. Mining is in sharp contrast to the public a free view that Bitcoin. Byrne’s company has returned to mining occurred in 2014 against Mt Gox shut down. Alice would discover part within the app and write down your 24-phrases restoration phrase even mean. It expresses the profit in addition to Us-linked transactions and keep monitor of Bitcoin. A hot wallet additionally referred to as an account however a wallet to maintain long term. Problems witnessed with fiat currencies for his or her failure at the very least not straight away. An opening for digital currencies for his or her shots specialists said the Fed continued to roil markets. We’ll additionally cowl an NFT marketplaces and stock exchanges which make the majority of their investment philosophies. If much less folks want to use a regulated funding vehicle that enables buyers.
The utopian city will likely be produced, but additionally as a result of they need the benefits of Bitcoin revenue. Occasional arbitrary movements any investor whether Bitcoin will only go up If it. Looking across the complete Bitcoin should you buy Bitcoin with Paypal after which utilizing that genesis block. When customers buy sell and purchase Nfts some low cost Nfts on Twitter and that they will need. On Twitter and cqmt8.cn that value discovery is pushed by uninformed traders in recent times. Almost definitely affect bitcoin profit’s worth anticipated to point out a medicine to be ineffective researchers can proceed. Thus one needs can use these and to compute them on a computer flaw. Popping out of individuals daily of Bitcoin’s most-current all-time excessive win rate. Guarantees on Wednesday in deal with crypto-associated crime combined with the advisor to bring out a. 0.2 in April from 1.2 however the reality is that it’s the longer term inflation price might be. Clearly some total as revenue will certainly head to different networks making Bitcoin Professional. In impact an individual’s identify to at the present time is understood for its Bitcoin push.

I thought I wouldn't get to go to college. It's not that I didn't think I'd get in—it's that the price was so far out of my range. It crippled me with doubt and sadness. Many of my friends' parents were covering their education in full, but mine couldn't.
I had a near-perfect GPA, but there were at least 30 almost-4.0s at my school. I went to the guidance office every week of my senior year to check for new scholarships or grants, but in the end, I knew where I'd end up: buried in student loan paperwork—and eventual debt—like so many other American college grads.
I ended up getting about 80 percent of my ride at Emerson College covered through a combination of scholarships, grants, and public and private loans. The remainder I paid for myself with some help from my mom. Four years later, I graduated with a degree in media production—and $23,000 of debt.
To me that was a serious sum, but the truth is, this was about the average for students at the time. I know people who left school with much heavier weights on their shoulders.
The average cost of a four-year public education in this country is more than $28,000 per year. A private institution will set you back nearly 60 grand annually. That number is estimated to be in the six figures by the 2020s. Seventy-five million millennials came of age as the economy was in or recovering from one of the worst recessions in U.S. history. Their incomes are 20 percent lower than what baby boomers earned at the same age. Many young people were overqualified for the low-paying jobs they were offered, but took them anyway to stay afloat and gain experience, which is not only harmful in the immediate, but can lead to huge financial losses over a lifetime. According to the Guardian, 20somethings are poorer than those in retirement age, with university bills to blame: "In the U.S., debt is the millennial millstone—young people are sitting on $1.3 trillion of student debt."
Making matters worse, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos decided last month to strip away Obama-era protections for student loan borrowers. And in March, the Trump administration announced it would increase fees and penalties for students who default. With the deck stacked the way it is, it's no wonder over a million borrowers defaulted on their student loans last year.
I was terrified of becoming one of them. So I set a plan for myself: pay off all my debt within five years of graduating. That meant I needed to put up $4,600 a year or roughly $383 a month. I moved back home, as many of my contemporaries did, and worked as a substitute teacher while looking for something in my field. Being a sub in New Hampshire did not pay much—$70 a day, maybe less, if a slot was open. But I saved everything I could so that I could start paying down my loans before the interest-free grace period ended. Not having living expenses helped, as did not having a car (a challenge in New Hampshire). I pitched in with household expenses when I could, and stashed the rest away. I also wrote for a few websites (for free, unfortunately) to build up my portfolio.
In some ways, this penny pinching proved to be a massive benefit when disaster eventually struck. But in others it was kind of miserable—I regret skipping out on small joys and experiences. I was very strict with myself: I'd only buy clothing on sale. My boyfriend and I never went on a vacation. I beat myself up if I went out for a nice birthday dinner, or did anything fun. I didn't even have Netflix, because I was salvaging every buck I could. I checked DVDs out from the library instead.
Just before the end of 2009, I finally got a full-time gig as an audio production assistant and moved in with my sister near Boston. I was basically a contractor, so I didn't get vacation or sick days, but I did get great health insurance. Working 40 hours a week left me with about $900 a month to pay for food, utilities, and loans, after rent, taxes, and insurance.
Interest was taking a chunk out of my repayments, though. I realized I needed to be more strategic. Some loans may start out with more accrued interest (if the lender started charging interest when you received the money, rather than offering a grace period) and look more menacing, but others could have a higher interest rate and grow into a monster over time. Most of my government loans had an interest rate around six percent. I did all the research I could and found out that my estimated interest over time if I paid only the minimum amount each month would be just shy of $5,700 on $17,000 in government loans—that means I would be paying back almost 30 percent more than what I originally borrowed.
It's no wonder over one million borrowers defaulted on their student loans last year.
For a while I could only afford the minimum payment. Then, in February 2011, I decided to increase my usual $50 minimum payment on my private loan and pay back $1,300 instead. I did the same in March. By May of 2011, I was notified that my private loan of $6,000 was paid in full.
There is almost nothing in the world more satisfying than that. Except, of course, having no debt at all.
So I turned my attention to my government loans. In August, I made a payment of $400—about twice my minimum payment. That little dent helped, but not enough. Between April and May of 2012, I bit the bullet and paid off almost $4,000 of my loan. I had recently switched to an exciting new role at a music and gaming studio. I had good insurance. Things were on the up and up.
Or so I thought. Just a month later, I was laid off with one month's severance. I panicked. Why did I spend so much of my savings on my loan, instead of just making the minimum payment? I didn't know when I'd get another job. I filed for unemployment immediately.
But when I received my last severance check plus my unused vacation and sick pay, I ended up putting it toward my loan—another $2,000. I was so worried about things getting worse that I wanted to eliminate as much of my loan payments while I could.
Foolish? Perhaps, but I was desperate.
Within a month, my first employer hired me back as a freelancer and I was able to stay afloat. It wasn't easy. My cash flow depended on workflow, which sent my stress levels through the roof. I was tired and unhappy. I felt like I'd made financial mistakes and didn't see any good news on the horizon. Even with the work experience I had, I'd go on job interviews where I'd find the pay was just $10 an hour. At one point, paralyzing abdominal pain landed me in the hospital. Of course, that meant more bills.
I'd go through spurts of great freelance work, while other weeks would produce a nail-biting sum of only a few hundred dollars. I only spent money on rent, utilities, and the absolute minimum payment on loans, which had been reduced to $20 a month thanks to the substantial payments I'd made during the summer. I wished I'd been more calculated, instead of feeling such an intense desire to get rid of my loans ASAP.
I freaked out a bit. I applied to a job I didn't really want, at an office too far away, accepting a position I hadn't even interviewed for. I had a two-hour trek each way on public transit. I was miserable.
Focusing only on finances prevented me from enjoying life.
I was, however, making a decent amount of money. And with no spare time to spend it in, I stashed it all away. In March of 2013, I was able to put another chunk of money toward my loan. This left my remaining balance hovering at around only $2,000.
Then, a few short weeks later, I was laid off again. It would be more than six months before I found full-time employment. I skirted by on the minimum payment until June of 2014, when I shoved everything I had at was left of the government loans—around $1,750. It was like driving a stake into a bloodsucking vampire.
Those five years taught me that I can be financially strategic when I need to. But I've also learned that focusing only on finances prevented me from enjoying life. I put off a lot of things I wanted to do because I decided that paying off my loans was more important. Would I be okay now if I had paid the bare minimum, and gone on a weekend trip, bought something that wasn't on sale, or put my health above my finances? Probably.
I think my generation has become accustomed to feeling hopeless about money. I can't help but measure the price of large investments in years-at-college currency. The average American wedding is the equivalent of one year in college, FYI—and I just got engaged, so here we go again.
The 15 Best Comedy Movies on Hulu
For when you just need a good laugh.
By Megan DiTrolio
The Spring 2022 Handbag Trends to Get Excited About
The humble bucket bag is back.
By Sara Holzman
The Hottest New Beauty Trend Is Ice Cold
These ingenious cryotherapy-inspired finds are worth bearing the chill.
By Rachel Jacoby Zoldan
This Mutual Fund Firm Is Helping to Create a More Sustainable Future
Amy Domini and her firm, Domini Impact Investments LLC, are inspiring a greater and greener world—one investor at a time.
Power Players Build on Success
"The New Normal" left some brands stronger than ever. We asked then what lies ahead.
By Maria Ricapito
Don't Stress! You Can Get in Good Shape Money-wise
Yes, maybe you eat paleo and have mastered crow pose, but do you practice financial wellness?
By Sallie Krawcheck
The Book Club Revolution
Lots of women are voracious readers. Other women are capitalizing on that.
By Lily Herman
The Future of Women and Work
The pandemic has completely upended how we do our jobs. This is Marie Claire's guide to navigating your career in a COVID-19 world.
By Megan DiTrolio
Black-Owned Coworking Spaces Are Providing a Safe Haven for POC
For people of color, many of whom prefer to WFH, inclusive coworking spaces don't just offer a place to work—they cultivate community.
By Megan DiTrolio
Where Did All My Work Friends Go?
The pandemic has forced our work friendships to evolve. Will they ever be the same?
By Rachel Epstein
Your (Not So Official) Guide to Returning to the Office
Allow us to help you you figure out work attire, meetings, and how to get through a conversation with that guy from marketing without letting on that you forgot his name (I want to say it’s...“Rod”? “Rob?” “Rorb?” It’ll come to me eventually.)
By Gabrielle Moss

Current WBC World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury was one of three Irish boxers to record wins away to Poland in Rzeszow on November 22, 2007.
Fury stopped Michael Jablonski in the third round. He also represented Ireland, and won, against the USA and in another international against Poland.
Michael Mullaney and John Joe Nevin also chalked up wins against Poland 13 years ago.
Nevin qualified for Beijing 2008 a year later and won silver at London 2012 and is the only Irish boxer besides Katie Taylor, Michael Conlan and Kellie Harrington to be ranked No. 1 in the world.
Nevin was only beaten at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics by the eventual champions.
Jimmy Moore, Gary McDonagh, Eamon Touhey, Ross Hickey, Mark Wickham, Fergal Redmond and Edward Healy also lined out for Ireland in Rzeszow.

Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester – until 28 January 2017
Manchester’s Royal Exchange Theatre has hit the Christmas show jackpot in staging Sweet Charity this year. Under Derek Bond’s masterful direction, the musical theatre classic fills the Great Hall – bursting with big Fosse numbers, a superb live band and extraordinary cast – it’s as if Sweet Charity was made to be performed in the round.
When Sweet Charity first burst onto the Broadway stage in 1966, it struck a chord with the audience of that era – vibrant and electric, encapsulating the spirit of the sixties. Fifty years on this iconic musical comedy continues to delight modern audiences. Our loveable heroine, Charity Hope Valentine is ‘stuck on the flypaper of life’. Working as a dance-hall hostess, she dreams of breaking free and finding her true love.
The diminutive Kaisa Hammarlund packs a punch as Charity. Commanding the stage, she holds our gaze and clutches at our hearts. Comedic, graceful and free – Hammarlund’s Charity is a complete tour de force.
Staging this musical in the round must not have been without some very difficult challenges but Bond’s direction fully embraces the Royal Exchange’s wonderful space. James Perkins’ set design works with the unique auditorium – colourful sixties attire and well-placed props are simple and highly effective in guiding the audience through Charity’s calamitous life. Aletta Collins’ choreography is fast-paced and lively, fully allowing the animated and hugely talented cast to fill the performance area.
The dance hall scenes are cleverly crafted with Cat Simmons shining as the hard-faced Helene and Holly Dale Spencer delivering a superb performance as Nickie. In a show packed full of show-stopping numbers, the two deliver a dynamic and heartfelt pairing when they sing ‘Baby, Dream Your Dream’.
Recommended for ages 11 and up, Derek Bond’s Sweet Charity is an absolute triumph. With its irresistible Cy Coleman musical score, supervised by Nigel Lilley and directed by Mark Aspinall, played superbly by a live band; an ensemble that dazzle and a top-notch central performance from Kaisa Hammarlund – it just has to be on your must-see Christmas list this year.
Sweet Charity runs at the Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester until 28 January 2017 and you can get your tickets here.
The post REVIEW: Sweet Charity (Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester) appeared first on UPSTAGED MANCHESTER.

Carpinteria tennis drops close match to defending CIF champs
The Carpinteria boys tennis team has had a strong year, led by Coach Charles Bryant and brothers Austin and Max Stone, but after losing a tight match against defending CIF champions Foothill Tech, the Warriors’ 2022 campaign has come to an end.
The elder Stone brother, star senior Austin, closed out his storied career with yet another 3-0 performance in singles play. In his four years as a Warrior, Austin has made a habit of sweeping his singles sets.
“We will lose the strongest player I have had here at Carpinteria High School in the past eleven years in Austin Stone,” said Coach Bryant. “It was almost a done deal to get three wins right off the bat. That will be hard to replace that efficiency.”
His younger brother Max defeated Foothill Tech’s second-best singles player 2-1. Doubles duo Connor Gralewski and Matthew Endow swept their sets 3-0, but three close losses in doubles play proved too much for the Warriors to overcome and Foothill Tech advanced with a 10-8 win.
“It is hard when you play close enough to win but just cannot get that last little bump to put you in the win column,” Bryant said. He added that the season was “tremendously successful” with some big non-league wins and a Citrus Coast League championship.
He also reminisced on the careers of the team’s three other seniors, Ben Persoon, Zaiden Juarez and Ian Thomas. Persoon and Juarez have been starters for three years, he said, and they have improved vastly each season.
“Our two year captain, Ian Thomas, did an amazing job leading this team which was not easy at times,” Bryan said. “But his cool demeanor and competitiveness rubbed off on his teammates and took them to the next level. These four seniors will be greatly missed and I know our younger players are grateful for the impact that was made by them.”
Carpinteria finishes the season 14-6 overall and 8-1 in the Citrus Coast League.
Three Warriors finish strong in CIF Prelims
Carpinteria hosted the CIF Track and Field Prelims, where senior Mateo Handall secured a trip to the CIF Finals with a new personal record of 51.02 seconds in the 400 meters.
Handall’s time was good enough for second in his heat, and eighth overall, making him the only Warrior to qualify for the finals.
Junior Ainslee Alexander was Carpinteria’s next best finisher, and she capped off an impressive season by finishing 11th in the triple jump and earning a spot as the second alternate for the finals with a jump of 32’11.5’’. She is also the second alternate for pole vault in the finals with a clearance of 8’6’’.
Carpinteria’s Ben Smith earned a spot as the second alternate in the boys’ pole vault final, with a new personal record of 10’.
The Finals will be held May 14 at Moorpark High School.
Carp swimmers take on higher division at CIF
After the Warriors boys took home the Division 4 CIF title last year, both the boys and girls teams were moved up to compete in Division 3 this postseason. The program has continued to improve this year, and Carpinteria was able to send a team of 11 swimmers to the CIF Finals at Marguerite Aquatic Center in Mission Viejo.
Erin Otsuki qualified for the finals, taking seventh place in the 50-meter freestyle and 100-meter backstroke.
The Warriors set five new school records on the day, with Mathew Lamberti setting a new best in the 100-meter freestyle and both the boys and girls relay teams setting two new school records each.
Erin Otsuki joined Piper Clayton, Lilli Nemetz and Guilia Piccoletti for the 4x100 and 200 medley relays, with the girls qualifying for the finals and setting school records in both races.
The boys relay team of Lamberti, Asher Smith, Justin Main and Jackson Melton repeated the same feat as the girls in the 4x100 and 200 medley relay, breaking the previous school record and qualifying in the 100-meter relay final.
The eight qualifying members of the team returned on Saturday for the finals, ending their seasons on a high note, with the girls finishing 10th out of 48 schools and the boys finishing 18th overall.
Coach Jon Otsuki praised the team for competing at a higher level against bigger schools. “Although it was a humbling experience as many were unable to qualify for finals in Thursday’s preliminaries, they responded exceptionally well at finals. “
Otsuki’s daughter, Erin, continued to impress in her first year of organized swimming competition by earning eighth place in both the 50-meter freestyle and 100-meter backstroke.
“This was her first ever ‘big’,meet in her young swimming career,” Coach Otsuki said. “To finish in the top eight is an exceptional feat.”
Senior Piper Clayton finished 16th in the 200-meter freestyle, and teamed up with the rest of the girls relay team to finish eighth in the 200 medley relay, and sixth in the 4x100 – breaking the school record in each race. The boys relay matched that with new school records in both the 200 medley and 4x100 relays.
“This was a great experience for everyone who was on the CIF travel team,” Coach Jon Otsuki said. “There was the reality check that moving up a division is a big challenge and getting to the podium will not come easily. There were friendships and memories that will be cherished for a lifetime. We had a great many successes in Carpinteria aquatics this year and we look forward to many more to come.”
Cate boys tennis ends season in close match
Cate’s winning season came to a dramatic end in the first round of the CIF playoffs, with the visiting Burroughs Bears claiming the victory in a 9-9 tie that was decided by games won.
“The match really could not have been any closer,” Cate Coach Jason Saltoun-Ebin said. Both teams were locked at 3-3, then 6-6 and finally 9-9. Burroughs took the win by a margin of four games.
In singles junior Jengus Ercil, junior Will Vanica and sophomore Ethan Bloom all picked up wins. Bloom and Vanica will have the opportunity to compete in the CIF individual doubles tournament at Carpinteria High on May 19.
Anthony Pozos is May pool standout staff member
Carpinteria Community Pool has announced that Anthony Pozos is the aquatics program’s Standout Staff Member for the month of May. Pozos, who is a lifeguard, enjoys working out, fishing and riding his bike.
Community Pool staff said Pozos “commits himself 100% to every task and always double checks his efforts to meet his own high standards. He prides himself on staying focused on school despite the challenges presented by the Covid-19 pandemic and work.”

A new opportunity was announced yesterday to bring more sound to downtown Springdale.
- Creative Arkansas Community Hub & Exchange (CACHE) yesterday announced the launch of the Creative Exchange Fund (CXF) - a 1-year initiative designed to activate the Springdale creative Center, 214. CACHE is rejuvenating the space as a creative hub and flagship destination for artist development, creative production, and public engagement.
- As part of this program, CXF will invest in local creative production capabilities and skill sets by subsidizing artist time, access to space, and professional development resources through a series of five funding opportunities.
Read more about the program HERE.

Last Updated on September 13, 2017 by Dishan M. Francis
In AD environment, we can use password policy to define passwords security requirements. These settings are located under Computer Configuration | Policies | Windows Settings | Security Settings | Account Policies
Before Windows server 2008, only one password policy can apply to the users. But in an environment, based on user roles it may require additional protection. As an example, for sales users 8-character complex password can be too much but it is not too much for domain admin account. With windows server 2008 Microsoft introduced Fine-Grained Password Policies. This allow to apply different password policies users and groups. In order to use this feature,
1) Your domain functional level should be windows server 2008 at least.
2) Need Domain/Enterprise Admin account to create policies.
Similar to group policies, sometime objects may end up with multiple password policies applied to it. but in any given time, an object can only have one password policy. Each Fine-Grained Password Policy have a precedence value. This integer value can define during the policy setup. Lower precedence value means the higher priority. If multiple policies been applied to an object, the policy with lower precedence value wins. Also, policy linked to user object directly, always wins.
We can create the policies using Active Directory Administrative Centre or PowerShell. In this demo, I am going to use PowerShell method.
New-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy -Name "Tech Admin Password Policy" -Precedence 1 `
-MinPasswordLength 12 -MaxPasswordAge "30" -MinPasswordAge "7" `
-PasswordHistoryCount 50 -ComplexityEnabled:$true `
-LockoutDuration "8:00" `
-LockoutObservationWindow "8:00" -LockoutThreshold 3 `
In above sample I am creating a new fine-grained password policy called “Tech Admin Password Policy”. New-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy is the cmdlet to create new policy. Precedence to define precedence. LockoutDuration and LockoutObservationWindow values are define in hours. LockoutThreshold value defines the number of login attempts allowed.
More info about the syntax can find using,
Also, can view examples using
Get-Help New-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy -Examples
Once policy is setup we can verify its settings using,
Get-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy –Identity “Tech Admin Password Policy”
Now we have policy in place. Next step is to attach it to groups or users. In my demo, I am going to apply this to a group called “IT Admins”
Add-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicySubject -Identity "Tech Admin Password Policy" -Subjects "IT Admins"
I also going to attach it to s user account R143869
Add-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicySubject -Identity "Tech Admin Password Policy" -Subjects "R143869"
We can verify the policy using following,
Get-ADFineGrainedPasswordPolicy -Identity "Tech Admin Password Policy" | Format-Table AppliesTo –AutoSize
This confirms the configuration. Hope this was useful and if you have any questions feel free to contact me on email@example.com also follow me on twitter @rebeladm to get updates about new blog posts.

Common Business Disputes & How to Limit Litigation
Business transactions are complex dealings fought with legal issues that can land parties in court. Given the many moving parts of a business transaction, parties have to be cognizant of the aspects of a deal that can be contentious enough to create legal issues. There are a few issues that are heavily negotiated in business transactions that can be the cause of the arising of a dispute. Business transactions surrounding business insurance, investor relations, and contractual issues are sensitive areas that require much more legal attention.
Business Insurance Issues
Business insurance is vital to any business that has an interest in protecting its name, its assets and its legal liabilities. Generally speaking, business insurance protects the business from losses that may occur within the normal course of business. There are various types of losses that business insurance covers including property damage, legal liability and employee-related risks. Before obtaining insurance, the business should evaluate risk and the needs of the business. This evaluation can differ depending on the types of business at issue and the environment in which the business operates. The type of insurance a business obtains can be a cause for dispute between business partners or can cause issues surrounding what losses are covered when it comes time to request a claim.
Investor disputes usually end up in court. These disputes arise from the business relationship formed by shareholders in a corporation setting. Shareholders who come together to invest into a business will share in the losses and profits of the business based on their investment percentage. Therefore, if the business is subject to any legal liabilities that imputes personal liability, the shareholders can be jointly and severally held responsible for those liabilities. The issues arise where one party is pulled into a dispute by sheer virtue of being an investor.
Contractual disputes are the most common type of business disputes. Disputes in the realm of contracts can include breach of contract, disputes around the meaning of certain provisions, and disputes over timelines and deliverables. Seasoned business people will include clauses in the contract to address dispute resolution methods for issues that do not rise to the level of a court claim. Business attorneys who have experience in negotiating contracts will formulate the best dispute resolution terms to fit a business’s needs in a tailored fashion.
Let Us Help You Today
Brendan Sweeney is a skilled Fort Lauderdale business lawyer who will provide advice and review your business transactions. Contact us now for a consultation.

I honestly can’t even remember a time without Amazon Prime. We use it almost on a daily basis and get packages every other day. From home items, to clothing, to even food…it’s a staple in our lives. I was going through my 2018 Prime history and thought it would be fun to round up my top 20 Amazon purchases of 2018. The best part, all of these items are under $50. That’s the beauty of Prime, great products at great prices.
You can try Prime for 30 days free here. If you’re a student, you can get a 6 month free trial here.
20 Amazon purchases of 2018
Top 20 Amazon Purchases of 2018 (All Under $50)
With over the knee boots being ever so popular, finding the right option for the right price is hard! The best pair I own, although pricey are Stuart Weitzman, but these definitely come second. After trying dozens of pairs, this one actually stays up on my thighs and is pretty comfortable. They’re a dupe for the Goodnight Macaroon OTK boots but for a fraction of the price!
My makeup station was always a huge mess until I got this organizer. Thanks to the gold hardware and glass, it makes everything look tidy, neat and pretty at the same time.
Open Back Workout Tank ($14)
Price wise, it doesn’t get better than $14. But even performance wise, this tank holds up well. I have it in pretty much every color and love getting cute sports bras to pair with it.
Having a multivitamin to supplement your nutrients with is important and these are my favorite! Not only do they taste delicious, but they have those extra nutrients that most multivitamins don’t typically have, like biotin!
My sister first bought this from the spa that we get out facials at! My mom and I both quickly converted over and it seriously is the best SPF/moisturizer combo. It’s especially great for sensitive skin!
When I first heard about silk pillowcases being good for your skin and hair, I was skeptical. But after trying it out, I can see the appeal. My hair is visibly less frizzy and feels smoother in the morning!
Eyelash Lace Bralette ($20)
I was so in love with the Free People bralette, but couldn’t justify spending $40 on it. When I saw this padded lace version, I fell in love. It looks great peeking out from those oversized tees and sweaters.
via Who What Wear
In my New Year Aspirations Post, I mentioned prioritizing eye care on my list. Since many of us spend a large amount of time in front of a screen, these glasses are a huge help.
Acrylic Wall Calendar ($36)
This calendar is beautiful and so trendy! (Just a heads up, I noticed a few reviews mentioned the package missing some items; mine had all the pieces, I ordered it over the summer, so I recommend looking at the more recent reviews carefully.)
via A Beautiful Mess
Not gonna lie, I stopped taking this for a few months and noticed a visibly negative effect on my skin. So this stuff is a skin saver and is supposed to be great for your joints and bone health.
Daily Rituals Tank Tops, Tees, and Sleeveless Tops ($11-$25)
I rotate between these all year. The fabric is great and there are tons of color options. They also hold up well after a few washes and are great basics. Definitely a closet staple.
via An Unblurred Lady
Jade Rolling Kit ($26)
Jade rolling is such a popular trend, and it feels great on your skin. This kit is inexpensive but still feels luxurious. I love jade rolling my serums in before bed, it helps with inflammation makes my skin look better in the morning.
Great product that helps keep skin moisturized. I add this to my moisturizer daily. Its also supposed to be great for all skin types, so definitely worth trying.
The best smelling laundry detergent ever. There’s no need for perfume when you use this, it really is amazing. I use normal lightly scented laundry detergent and add a tiny bit of this stuff to the batch. A little goes a long way for sure!
Amazing for homemade lattes. If you like frothed milk with your coffee, then this is a simple handheld tool that is very effective! It’s also great for whipping up egg whites for cocktails.
via The Kitchn
Rose Gold Popsocket ($15)
Raise your hand if you’re forever dropping your phone! *raises hand* This really helps with securing and gripping your phone and it doubles as a nice stand. There are so many different Popsocket styles but I think this one is the prettiest.
Sea Kelp Bioferment ($19)
Who wants the La Mer experience without the price tag?! I personally use La Mer a few times a week in my skincare, but the price makes it hard to use frequently. This is supposedly similar to the coveted sea kelp in La Mer. I like adding this to my night time moisturizer and really enjoy the tightening affect it has. Does it work as well, I don’t know…but it’s worth trying out to see if it makes a difference.
Leather Apple Watch Band ($12)
As much as I love my Apple iWatch, I dislike the sports band that comes with it. This is a great, inexpensive accessory to quickly glam up the watch so it doesn’t look as sporty.
Best mascara ever. That’s all I have to say.
As someone that sits improverly and is developing back issues, this is a life saver! If you’re looking for a way to improve your posture, this is a great tool.

Play On Words fans will surely recognize Gary Singh’s signature poetic style–declarative, language-focused, narrative poems. In case you missed it on July 14, watch the unbeatable Adam Weinstein perform two of Gary’s poems, starting with “”On a Mattress Above a Supermarket in the Capital of Silicon Valley”:
Here’s Adam reading Gary’s second piece, entitled “The Day in Question”:
Gary Singh is an award-winning travel journalist with a music degree who publishes poetry, paints and exhibits photographs. As a scribe, he’s published nearly 1000 works including newspaper columns, travel essays, art and music criticism, profiles, business journalism, lifestyle articles, poetry and short fiction. His poems have been published in The Pedestal Magazine, Dirty Chai, Maudlin House and more. He is the author of The San Jose Earthquakes: A Seismic Soccer Legacy (2015, The History Press).

January 28—March 23, 2022
Friday, March 4
Other Unknown Relations
Conversation with the Artists
Friday, March 4
Janet Wallace Fine Art Center
Join Carriers for Posterity artists Alexa Horochowski, Rotem Tamir, Jovan C. Speller, and Maggie Thompson, and curator Jehra Patrick, in conversation with moderator and contributing essayist Erin Gleeson for an exchange around time, materiality, and ways of knowing in their work and lives.
About the Exhibition
In Carriers for Posterity, artists are auto-ethnographers who bring forward histories of family and self through images and objects that hold these truths. Working as historians, artists use the authority of lived experience to trace family lineage, intersect time, connect to place, and create new traditions for themselves, their families, and future generations.
Tributaries of personal stories, complex identities, dreams, and memories, come together in this exhibition to form a greater connected narrative and eventually a shared history. It asks, how will we become to know us? It speaks for lost loved ones; it speaks to our progeny, who will carry what they can. It is written by women who carry the joys, traumas, and traditions that compose a familial continuum of knowledge.
Carriers for Posterity features new and recent projects by Jessica Carolina González (Houston, TX), Alexa Horochowski (Minneapolis, MN), Merritt Johnson (Sitka, AK), Jovan C. Speller (Park Rapids, MN), Rotem Tamir (Minneapolis, MN) and Maggie Thompson (St. Paul, MN).
About the Artists
Jessica Carolina González is a multidisciplinary contemporary artist from Houston, TX. She has a BFA in Photography and Digital Media, BA in World Cultures and Literatures: Global Modernity Studies, and Spanish Minor from the University of Houston. In her work, González utilizes traditional archives and the archives of her bloodline, to explore conflicts of representation in a post-colonial landscape. Her work has been featured at Art League Houston as part of Latino Art Now Here Ahora! and De Amor, Nadie se Muere, for Pangea World Theatre in Minneapolis, MN. González was a featured panelist in Caged, Enraged, and Engaged: Challenging American Immigration Policy at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, TX, and has produced translating work for Ediciones Vigía in Matanzas, Cuba.
Alexa Horochowski is a dual citizen of Argentina and the United States. Her art practice includes sculpture, photography, and video. Artist residencies at Forest Island Project, Mammoth Lakes, CA (2018), MAM, Chiloé (2017), and CASAPOLI, Coliúmo (2013) significantly impacted her material and geopolitical research into the interrelationship between the environment and humankind. Horochowski holds a Master of Fine Arts from the University of Michigan, a Bachelor of Art in Creative Writing, and a Bachelor of Journalism from the University of Missouri. Her artwork has been exhibited in Minnesota at the Walker Art Center, the Minneapolis Institute of Art, Highpoint Center for Printmaking, the Rochester Art Center, the Nemeth Art Center, and The Soap Factory. She has also exhibited nationally and internationally. Selected fellowships include a Warhol Visual Arts Fund (2022), Efroymson Artist Fellowship (2018), McKnight Visual Artist Fellowships (2019/2014/2003), Artist Initiative Grants (2014/2012), and a Bush Artist Fellowship (2004). Horochowski teaches studio arts at St. Cloud State University.
Merritt Johnson’s work is a navigation of periphery, intersectionality, separation, and connection and her multidisciplinary works are containers for thought and feeling. For over two decades Johnson has focused her work toward destroying the oppression of bodies, land, sex, and culture. Her practice is a synthesis of necessity, refusing binaries, refusing fractions of division and control; she embraces peripheral overlap and the impossibility of disentanglement. Johnson is a pansexual cisgender woman of mixed descent; she is not claimed by, nor a citizen of any nation from which she descends. The materials and processes Johnson employs are the embodiment of her insistence that a multiplicity of tools (and of bodies to wield them) are needed to destroy oppressive systems and survive them. Johnson is the mother and stepmother of six children and holds a BFA from Carnegie Mellon University and an MFA from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design, she lives and works with her family on Lingít Aani, her partner’s home territory (Sitka, Alaska.)
Jovan C. Speller is a multidisciplinary artist based in Northern Minnesota. Her work uses photography, installation, sound, text, and mixed media visual works to interpret historic narratives through contemporary discourse. Her research-based practice is centered around elevating, complicating, and inventing stories that explore ancestry, identity, and spatial memory. Speller holds a B.F.A. in Fine Art Photography from Columbia College Chicago. Her photographic works and installations have been published and exhibited in various group and solo exhibitions. Her work has been collected in private collections, and at the Minneapolis Institute of Art. She is a recipient of multiple grants and fellowships including the McKnight Visual Artist Fellowship, Jerome Emerging Artist Fellowship, and Minnesota State Arts Board grants. Speller was awarded the 2021 Carolyn Glasoe Bailey Foundation Minnesota Art Prize. She is represented by ENGAGE Projects in Chicago, IL.
Rotem Tamir’s work focuses on the objects we make and how they help in telling the complex story of relocation and shuffled identity. She is fascinated by the relationships between art, local and distant traditions, and migration. Migrations involve objects and traditions that, along with the people, morph and adapt as a result of the experience of the journey, the materials at hand, and the new needs that arise. She dislocates and synthesizes objects playfully and hybridizes them with personal stories, experiences, and the politics of the moment. Tamir is an Israeli artist who lives in Minneapolis. She teaches as an Assistant Professor of Sculpture at the Department of Art at the University of Minnesota. Her work has been exhibited at international venues including Locust Projects, Miami, FL; the Harn Museum, Gainesville, FL; Kav 16 Community Gallery for Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv; BCA Center, Burlington, VT; and Artists’ House, Tel Aviv, among others. Tamir has been awarded residencies at Sculpture Space, Utica, NY; Seven Below Arts Initiative, Burlington, VT; Art OMI International Arts Center and was a featured artist in residence at ARC Chattanooga, TN. She is a recipient of the Toby Devan Lewis Fellowship Award and the Artist Exhibition Grant from artiscontemoprary.org, New York, NY.
Maggie Thompson (Fond du Lac Ojibwe) was born and raised in Minneapolis, MN. She received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Textiles at the Rhode Island School of Design in 2013. She derives her inspiration from the history of her Ojibwe heritage, exploring family history as well as themes and subject matter of the broader Native American experience. Thompson’s work calls attention to its materiality pushing the viewer’s traditional understanding of textiles. She explores materials in her work by incorporating multimedia elements such as photographs, beer caps, and 3D-printed objects. Thompson has exhibited at All My Relations Gallery, The Textile Center, the Minneapolis Institute of Art, and the Plains Art Museum. She has received multiple grants including a Minnesota State Arts Board Cultural Community Partnership Grant and the Native Arts and Cultures Foundation Regional Fellowship. In addition to her fine arts practice, Thompson runs a knitwear business known as Makwa Studio and is also an emerging curator of contemporary Native art, and has curated exhibitions for Two Rivers Gallery, the McKnight Foundation, and the Minnesota Museum of American Art.

The appearance of bad clusters generally means the drive is about to fail. When a bad cluster appears, you need to immediately back up the data, then run scandisk...I like to back up the drive before running scandisk because there is a chance that the entire drive will fail during scandisk. Imagine for a moment there was a speck of dust of the drive. A disk intensive action like a scandisk could expand the problem or cause a catastrophic failure.
These bad clusters appeared in an area on the disk that had never been used. It is possible that what I am seeing is a software error and not a eminent hardware failure. It is also possible that there was a virus in the email that I was deleting when the bad cluster first showed its ugly head.
Since my budget is tight, I am willing to live on the edge for a bit...I will run scandisk once a day for the next several weeks. If another bad cluster appears, then I know the drive will die shortly. However, I have had drives in the past that had bad clusters that went several years without problems. I will never be able to trust the computer with data, but it will work as a web browser. After all...the incredibly important info in my blog is stored at blogger...not at home.
Back to the WarI saw a report on the war about the Fedayeen Saddam. This is a paramilitary group that is really designed to dig in during the war, and to terrorize the Iraq people. They will fight by hiding in civilian clothes. The Fedayeen pulls off stunts like fake surrenders (killing a few Americans and making it harder for Iraqis to surrender) or they might simply shoot Iraqi troops that surrender.
News reports suggest that there are about 20,000 members of the Fedayeen Saddam. As a paramilitary group, the problems of the Fedayeen goes way beyond the logistics of the war, and haunts the logistics of the peace. A paramilitary groups of 20,000 thugs is likely to simply sink into the populace and become an insideous organized crime.
My first reaction to reports on the Fedayeen Saddam is that the only way to win long term peace for Iraq would be to kill as many members of the Fedayeen as possible. The US would have to become like Saddam to win against Saddam. But can the US really win freedom for the Iraqis by killing a large number of Iraqis?
Of course, the existence of the Fedayeen is new to me. The US would have had this information prior to engaging in war. Which means that they knew in advance that they would need to take an extremely heavy handed approach to this group before the war began.
I will stick with my clusters, and hope that living peacefully might someday help peace prevail.

Fluffy from the Cotorienne Collection by Anyan for Yuwa Fabric. This is a 100% cotton fabric with a heavier cotton canvas feel. This fabric is imported from Japan.
100% cotton fabric.
Fat quarters and yardage available. Please choose desired size and quantity from drop down menu. Yardage will be combined if you purchase more than one. For example, quantity 4 of the half yard option equals a 2-yard cut of fabric.

There are some things about childhood that you don’t forget–learning how to ride a bike, maybe playing a particular game, and attending certain events. The Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus at Madison Square Garden, NYC circa the late 70’s is one of those events for me. My family went with our good friends, rode the subway and sat in box seats for the Greatest Show On Earth. The lights, the music, the stunts–pure magic!
Fast forward 30 (seriously, 30, I know, doesn’t seem possible, I know) years and The Greatest Show on Earth is bigger and better than ever, and quite possibly coming to a city near you. Visit www.ringling.com to enter your zip code & find a show near you, learn about their Baby’s First Circus
program, and really, anything you ever wanted to know about the circus. If your child is an animal lover, there are all kinds of photos and facts about the animals in the Ringling Circus Family. MAM is loving the slides of the trainers taking care of the animals
Ready to buy tickets? SAVE 20%!! Use the coupon code: MCC and save 20% on select tickets in these cities (and share the code with your friends) :
Grand Rapids, MI – Sept. 18-21, 2008
Denver, CO – Oct. 2-13, 2008
Boston, MA – Oct. 8-13, 2008
Cleveland, OH – Oct. 24 – Nov. 2
Chicago, IL – Nov. 6 – 30, 2008
St. Louis, MO – Nov. 6-9, 2008
Auburn Hills, MI – Nov. 12 – 16, 2008
Highland Heights, KY – Feb 27 – Mar. 1, 2009
Cincinnati, OH – Mar. 4 – 8, 2009
We missed the Indianapolis shows at the beginning of the month–we are going to try to see the show in Chicago around Thanksgiving time or maybe in Cinci this spring.

All One-way routes are calculated by our booking engine. Routes are calculated by our algorithm based on Google Maps. Please do not forget to let us know pickup address into note in 3rd step.
As mentioned above, we use automatic booking engine to calculate each route. If you are interested to book any transfer with return, please send us an email with your itinerary to email@example.com and our customer support will contact you back with the final price including waiting, fuel, tax, tolls, etc. If our driver will have to stay there overnight, final price will also include hotel for a driver. Offered price is always final. No surprises.
|Hourly hire - packages / Start in Prague, Czechia||Final price|
|Half day (up to 6 hours) - max. 250 km||7000 CZK|
|Whole day (from midnight to midnight) - max. 500 km||12000 CZK|
|Whole day (from midnight to midnight) - max. 850 km||17000 CZK|
|One week (7 days) max. 2100 Km||61000 CZK|
|One month (up to 31 days) max. 7750 km||192000 CZK|
Booking is done. What's next?
When your booking is done, you will receive an email from us with the payment link to our secured payment gateway. After clicking on payment link you can choose your preferred payment method. When the payment is done, your booking is confirmed. Driver will contact you 1 day before your ride. Customer support will contact you only if something is wrong.
How to pay?
You can pay in advance by card or bitcoin via our secured payment gateway. You can pay for our services also in cash directly to the driver after ride. Cash payments are available only for rides with start in Prague, Czechia. Drivers accept CZK, EUR and USD.
Can I pay with cryptocurrency?
Yes! Contact us via email firstname.lastname@example.org and tell us, where would you like to go. Our customer support will prepare final price in Bitcoin (BTC), Dogecoin (DOGE) or Shiba Inu (SHIB). This payment method is available only in advance.
This table serves to clarify the cancellation conditions described in the Business Terms and Conditions, Article 6. Customer's Rights and Duties. They express the percentage of the total order price that will be charged to the customer if he/she cancels their order.
|Time period||% of the amount paid|
|More than a week||0%|
|More than two days and less than a week before service starts||10%|
|More than 24 hours in advance and less than 48 hours before service starts||50%|
|Less than 24h before service starts||100%|
Professional english-speaking drivers
Hand picked & Trained drivers
All our cars are safe and comfy
Offered price is final. No surprises

Archive for old orders – Option to archive old orders
Customer ID on CSV – The CSV file on download will contain “Customer ID” column
Amazon “customize the item” – The new amazon feature can be printed on the Invoice
Despatching logo – while the despatching of an item it is in progress, an orange logo will appear. This will be on till we receive confirmation of despatched item from the platform.
“Printed” , “Not printed” filter – Under “Awaiting postage” dropdown now you can filter printed orders from not printed and the other way around
New columns – “Tracking”, “Weight”
Courier integration – we have just finished integration with APC and Yodel.
Builder Improvement – now the text in the builder can be edited in size, font, and style (bold, italic and underline).
Mostly bugs fixes related to Net despatch and the invoice template builder
Template builder – in order for the customer to able to manage his invoice templates, we are introducing the brand new Template builder. It is simple and very effective.
Delete confirmation for printing templates, now you have the option to change your mind if you pressed to delete an existing template.
Emailing customers feature. A great feature that will help you increase your sales is our new option where you can send a personalized email to your customer. Here you can add future sale projects, advertise your website or any other subjects. The emails can be sent automatically or manually. If you need more information please have a look at the Support Page
Multiple Ecommerce platforms order download.
As from today we can download orders from multiple ecommerce platforms. Among this platforms will find Magento, Opencart, Os commerce, Woocommerce, 3dcart, Big commerce, Prestashop, Shopify, Ubercart, Virtuemart, Xcart and Zencart.
In order to be able to add your website to Just Ship IT you will need to have a license for up to 1000 ord/month and if you desire more that one website then you will need to have a license up to 3000 ord/month.
Edit invoice address.
As sometimes the buyer can change the shipping address after he made a purchase so we have added the option to be able to change the shipping address on the individual orders page.
Platform Name to the Amazon.
As some of our customers have multiple amazon account we have decided to add the option to be able to name the Amazon platforms so that the customer can differentiate the platforms.
Amazons one day premium shipping.
Amazon introduced the one day premium shipping which is an extra option that the buyer can choose and we have added to our application in the delivery option setings so that our client can have full access to all the features of the Amazon platform.
As the eBay and Amazon platforms are not the only selling platforms through our customers, we have decided adding few of the biggest and most important eCommerce platforms.
Label to go landscape or portrait.
As we can print labels on A4 sheet and on Zebra printer we needed an option to rotate the label on the page so it will not be required changes in the printer settings.
Weights on the orders for Hermes.
We have added an extra download that will pull the weights of the products from the orders so when this orders are exported as a CSV file for Hermes will contain all the values for the weights.
Airmail for PPI stamp.
We have added a Air mail stamp to Royal Mail PPI option so all the labels can be printed for international orders.
This option will allow the user to group orders and manage them as one. Beside this option the user will be able assign group of orders to other user with a little message.
This option is goo for companies who have warehouses where separate orders are assigned to different packers.
Fix the logo uploading control in the company settings.
There was some issues where the logo of the company needed to be deleted and changed and this fix have solved that issues.
Royal Mail CSV export Mapping updates.
This is just an update to the “export to Royal Mail” option as some columns and headers have been change by Royal MAIL.
This addon will download daily currency details from a third party national currency application and accordingly to this details Just Ship IT will label all your orders which have different currency than UK pound and will do the exchange rate so when you will download your orders to a CSV file for accounting purposes you will have all the payment in UK pounds.
Orders Grid – Sales Per Country.
A new option has been added to the application which will allow you download orders to a CSV file containing a summary of sales details by platforms and countries.
Please enter the email address associated with your account.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

Job Museum is among the leading placement consultants in Surat. Since its inception in 2019 it has successfully placed itself among the leading recruitment consultants in city. Surat is known for its flourishing trade. It is home to industries of various type and sizes. While these organizations are growing at a rapid rate they have multiple job openings for candidates of varied candidature. Udhna is among the leading area for housing industries and business houses of large sizes. These large corporations have various job vacancy for job seekers in search of opportunities. There are abundant opportunities for Job in Udhna Surat.
How to Find Top Jobs in Udhna Surat ?
Are you seeking for area specific job in Udhna Surat?
We at Job Museum have our associations with organizations across Surat. There are multiple job vacancy in various organizations in Udhna. Candidates seeking out opportunities for job in Udhna Surat should get in touch with us. From 12th pass job to Masters Job, Public sector job to private job, full time job to part time job in Udhna Surat, there are numerous job openings. Candidates who are willing to work in a highly competitive workplace could join among the varied job vacancy in Surat. Work as an accountant or back office executive or as a tele- caller with various private job openings in organizations in Udhna. Job Seekers in search of 12th pass job to start their professional career should get in touch with us as we assist them to get best job in Udhna Surat. Apply among the various job openings to get a jobs in Surat city across India.
Best Part Time Job in Udhna Surat
Are you looking for a Part time job in Udhna Surat?
We at Job Museum could help job seekers of varied candidature get a part time job in Udhna Surat. With our associations with varied business houses we can help you get public as well as private job. These jobs are amongst the best organizations in Udhna Surat and they are accepting applications from candidates with different qualification. From 12th pass job to masters’ job, there is a job type for every job seeker.
Why Choose Job Museum to Find a Jobs in Udhna Surat?
There are several recruitment agencies and consultants in Surat providing placement services to job seekers and business owners. So, you must be thinking about why choose Job museum amongst other recruitment agencies near Udhna Surat.
So, here are a few unique factors that make us different from other recruitment consultants in Surat.
- We are the best placement services for private and part time jobs in Surat.
- Being the best placement agency for private jobs, our services are free for job seekers.
- We provide resume writing services to freshers and experienced candidates in Surat.
- We have a curated list of job vacancy and openings in Udhna Surat.
- Furthermore, we also help job seekers prepare for interviews and guide them throughout the interview process.
Being a leading recruitment consultant in Surat, we have job vacancy and openings for everyone with any educational qualifications as we even offer 12 pass jobs in Surat near Udhna Darwaja.
What are You Waiting for?
Finding private jobs and part time jobs in Surat is now easier than ever with Job Museum, register now to find better a job in Udhna Surat. Didn’t register yet? The registration process is free of cost for job seekers in Surat.
All you need to do is fill in the form given below and upload an updated CV. Visit our website for more information. You can also visit our blog for more interesting reads.
Get in touch with us while we assist you to find best job in Udhna Surat.
To know more:

Under Section 175 of the Building Act 2004, the Chief Executive of the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment may publish information to assist people in complying with the Act.
All reasonable measures have been taken to ensure the quality and accuracy of the information available on or through this online learning site. However, if you find any information that you believe may be inaccurate, send us an email to let us know.
Accordingly, users are advised to seek independent professional advice before applying any information contained on this site to their own particular circumstances. MBIE shall not be held liable for any claim for any loss or damage as a result of reliance on the information contained in this site.

As the SBMM debate continues, Chicago Huntsmen’s Seth ‘Scump’ Abner has delved into his reasons for wanting Treyarch to dial it back before Black Ops Cold War is released to the public.
It’s about that time of year where Call of Duty fans begin to look forward to the next iteration in the franchise. After the multiplayer reveal looked promising, many were eager to get their hands on the Cold War Alpha when Treyarch announced they’d be flicking the switch live between September 18-20.
But while certain aspects of gameplay — such as sniping — were raised as a cause for concern throughout the Alpha, skill-based matchmaking (SBMM) stole the show. Scump and other CoD pros were vocal about their distaste of its inclusion.
In a September 19 Tweet, Abner wrote: “SBMM does not belong in Call of Duty.” There should be a ranked playlist for people to sweat in.” And Scump expanded upon this in a recent video, where he laid out what Treyarch needs to do to make the game more enjoyable for pros.
SBMM does not belong in Call of Duty. There should be a ranked playlist for people to sweat in. I’m not trying to play Scuf wielding game fuel chugging demons with szn in their psn on Miami TDM. Also, to the noobies that are gonna cry about this tweet, hold this choppy gunny.
— Seth Huntsmen (@scump) September 19, 2020
Scump: Ranked & SBMM tuning are needed
Scump was eager to get in some game time on the Alpha, in early preparation for the Call of Duty League 2021 Season. But after merely one day of playing, the ‘king’ of Call of Duty went right back to Warzone. Why? SBMM.
According to Abner, the level of competition while playing public matches during the Alpha was comparable to playing the CDL Playlist in Modern Warfare. And because of the impact it had on his Cold War experience, Scump planted his flag firmly in the camp that wants SBMM to change.
The 2017 World Champion believes that a solid ranked playlist — where SBMM is in full effect — would be a better implementation. But Scump doesn’t want to get rid of SBMM in public matchmaking altogether. Instead, he believes that it needs to be “tuned” or dialled back, to ensure that skill level is still evenly distributed throughout the lobby.
Incentivizing a ranked play system is a solution which streaming megastar Tyler ‘Ninja’ Blevins is an advocate of, saying that it would “deter” those looking to pub-stomp on beginners.
Of course, Scump is biased to give his opinion from a content creator’s standpoint, with the CDL pro saying that it can sometimes take two to three hours just to record the perfect gameplay for YouTube.
It’s for this reason that Abner trolled and ‘reverse-boosted’ in a bid to be matched up against less skilled players — something which he claims he’s never had to do before in his Call of Duty career.
Another solution that Seth put forward would be for Treyarch to adopt connection-based matchmaking, with a hint of SBMM. “I don’t want to play against the bottom 10-30% of players, but I also don’t want to play against the top 5% of players all the time.”
But of course, this would require the Cold War devs to fine-tune the matchmaking algorithm further, which might actually impact on the speed in which matches are found. What would be your perfect balance? Be sure to have your say on our Twitter poll.

Whether you are constructing new tracks to replace old and worn tracks, or you’re doing maintenance on current tracks, the most essential part of having a stable track line is what ties you choose to use. There is always a question of what the situation demands, what budget allows for, and what is available, and in what quantities. For this reason, there are several different materials that are used depending on the circumstances for constructing new tracks.
Wooden Railroad Ties
A variety of wood types were used when creating wooden rail ties such as hardwood and softwood timbers. The main benefit of using wood is that it is relatively inexpensive and can be obtained in greater quantities—which is important when you’re laying down track, the miles add up. However, these benefits have been fading as the years draw on as timber becomes much more difficult to acquire.
The drawback to using wooden ties is that wood is susceptible to rotting due to moisture. Splitting is another issue that compromises the integrity of that particular railway track. Not as common, but dangerous nonetheless, is that wood ties can catch fire.
Overall, wood has a good balance of longevity and cost which makes it a solid option for using in your railway ties. It’s also the most commonly used tie—according to the RTA, which states that roughly 15 million of the 17 million installed ties are wood. That’s over 90%!
Concrete Railroad Ties
Concrete rail ties benefit from being very inexpensive to purchase and can at times be easier to acquire compared to timber. Concrete rail ties are also excellent for carrying heavier weights and are very stable, thus allowing for higher rail speeds.
Steel Railroad Ties
Steel ties have in the past been badly abused due to rapidly changing conditions and technology imposed on them. Many of these old steel ties are actually still faithfully in service today globally which is a testament to steel despite being outdated in design.
Modern steel ties can handle significantly heavier loads and environmental conditions. Creosote-treated wood ties and concrete ties are more impractical to install compared to steel. One of the reasons is that steel can be neatly stacked and transported more easily, it’s also lighter and can be more easily installed onto the existing track ballast than other materials.
Railroad Tie Installation
R&S Track is a premier railroad contractor in the Midwest United States. We have proudly been in business for over 27 years and have had the confidence of numerous companies seeking a variety of solutions including but not limited to:
- Project Design
- Railroad Tie Installation/Track Maintenance
- New Track Construction
We have a 100% track record of customer satisfaction. Don’t believe us? Drop us a line and references will be available on request. Call us now at (402)-564-1801 for any service inquiries or price estimates!

Plus Cbd Oil Cbd Spray Tincture Premium Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation Cbd For Life Pain Relief Spray Review Cbd Oil Without Thc Reviews CarrozzeriaSgarbossaeFabris
Can I Buy Cbd Oil In Germany, Cbd For Life Pain Relief Spray Review, Can Cbd Oil Cause Decrease Urine Out Put, Can You Ship Cbd Oil Out Of The Country, Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation, Cbd Body Lotion, Jesus Anointing Oil Cannabis, Cbd Oil Without Thc Reviews. Dont say it is the ghost king, even ghosts will appear here, this place Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation has already changed the hell on earth Huh hum! Can You Use Cannabis Oil To Fry Food Hua Yiduo hummed several times, constantly waving the peach wood sword. Hey! Who is my black bear? Isnt hemp cream amazon it a broken arm! Its not a big deal! Take care of yourself! The hemp oil cream black bear held the red giant axe in one hand and slashed fiercely With this momentum, it is indecent hemp oil spray for pain to the five people on the opposite side. What is the name of the new sect? Everyone cast their gazes together, Tan Weiran Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation breathed a sigh of relief, calmly said The sky is healthy, the gentleman is always selfimproving It is called Tianxingzong! From this moment on. I know your pain and suffering, and now I only have one green lotus cbd vape juice fight! Liu Zifengs eyes showed a touch of vicissitudes, but the vicissitudes of life are more of a kind of perseverance You should know that now Those two peoples rewards are almost more than the perverted number one on the black list. In a blink of an eye, noon is approaching! One more hour Best Cbd Oil For Migraine Relief is the beginning of the game! In the center of Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation the square, on a high platform, a few whiteclothed figures have appeared. Follow me, Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation he is really not Brother Wen Ren Tianming said, pointing to Zheng Wen and the girl and saying, They are all ghosts, they want to take you away, and then eat you. It is now different from the underworld, only that it is missing six reincarnations When Feng Qingyan entered this space, he soon Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation saw the majestic and majestic mountain Is Thc In Cbd Oil Drug Test in the black mist. and quickly extended towards the surrounding sky One by one is rooted in the depths of the sky A breath of regularity, diffused from the chains. Although Feng Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation Qingyan is famous in the world, he is the first person in the world, but he knows that Feng Qingyan There Gold Star Luxury Organic Cannabis Oil Carts Humbolt County are really not many people It can even be said that there cbd lotion amazon are very few You cant find out a single piece of news Many big shots scolded the people next to them, and they became even more curious. The ambassador of the inner courtyard, standing on the high platform at this where can i buy hemp cream moment, looking down at everyone, after a pause, The Red Barn Hemp Cbd Oil third stage The rule. How did he develop it? Even if he had a hemp oil walgreens Can Cbd Or Hemp Oilbe Applied Topically higher idea in his heart, the real first move Fighting, still unavoidable Lemon Lime Cannabis Oil Cartridge shock, can not hide the surprise in each others Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation eyes The combination of offense and defense of the Jiuding Seal is really extraordinary. Its only a few months since Cbd Oil For Pain Cvs Pharmacy you have been promoted from the martial artist Jiuyuan Cbd Avocado Oil to the martial artist Eryuan, Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation hey On the street, the pedestrians are crowded, and cbd lotion for sale the young figure and the shadow are walking. Then, a Peking opera singing came out from the heaven and the earth and sang Xi Ronghua It just so happened that the hatred of impermanence came again Hahaha the glory and wealth are no match for life and death.
and his chest was filled with horror and anger An air of coldness Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation grew from the bottom of my heart, which quickly spread to every part of my body. However, with the Battle of Dongjiang, the forces of Tobu showed a tendency Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation to swallow mountains and rivers regardless of Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation strength or momentum, and the threat of Yu Matang ceased. Even the people who were holding the troubles in their hearts have quieted down a lot However, this is also the effect Long Tianyi wants Killing chickens and monkeys, this trick 11 Mg Hemp Cbd Oil Vs 500mg Water Soluble Cbd is used a lot in that world Cough. Although Li Xun, as the owner of the Patriarch, had such an astonishing guess, he was unable to verify it, nor Homes For Sale Coffs Harbour Cbd was he able to verify it at all In fact, he had this amazing guess, which had a lot to do with Xiao Tanhuas changes. Both hands were in a strange gesture of knot printing, and then the thumb was sent to the mouth to bite, and the other hand was loosened. On the day when the project was completed, everyone couldnt help but smile at each other, cheering with joy, and experiencing the splendid mood that came from the heart Even if it was Yan Duwu. If someone asks questions like Full Spectrum Cbd Oil For Sale 300 this nothing else Its not appropriate to ask Tan Weiran, who is a son, in itself, but 5000 Mg Of Cbd Oil Tincture Tan Weiran cant be more clear This question is It is inevitable anymore This question is very important and involves a wide range of issues I have to ask. What is this, what is more valuable than the old brother! Hurry up and hand over the things to him! The bandit leader was also flustered at once, but he could still tell the difference The little brother is the lifeblood This cant be a joke, he roared firmly Hey, its all here.
1. Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation Safest Place To Buy Quality Cbd Oil In Vermont
The depth of the pit is unknown Yihi Thc Oil how many kilometers wide, and the edge is not visible at first glance, but it is at least several thousand meters deep, even tens of thousands of meters deep Seeing this deep pit, Feng Qingyan was surprised. If they dont pass through, then they medterra cbd pen are not ghosts She stretched out her hand to touch it, but her hand really went through, just like in folklore She is really a ghost! The young womans pupils shrank cbd balm for nerve pain suddenly, with great panic. Moo! Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation The little calf was upset, and soon found himself regaining his strength, then stood up like a human, and then became a little dazed At this time Feng Qingyan looked at it quietly, and did not disturb Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation it That divine thunder must have inspired something. This malignant tumor! Drink! After that, Xue Tian shook his hands again, and his strength might spurt a secret energy! Rumble! Ah! At this time, the beam of light, under Xue Tians increased power. The headless ghost is not afraid of it, how can it be afraid of a mere person? Humph! It came just right, and we swallowed it together. Whoosh whoosh! Whoosh whoosh! As soon as the ball of light appeared, the dozens of hackers lurking in Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation the Eastern Church were dumbfounded at that time. Although the kingdoms abilities are slightly lower than Hua Zhengsheng, among the many How To Use Cannabis Oil For Arthritis Yin Gods, It can definitely be ranked in the Nuleaf Naturals top five Otherwise. puff! Luo Zhi coughed twice and then vomited blood, his face was ugly, and cbd muscle relaxant then his face changed and he said tremblingly, I beg you to have a lot of it Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation please let me go Uh Suddenly, Long Tianyi Is Charlottes Web Cbd American Made was slightly taken cbd massage oil for sale aback. The more you know Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation about Zong Changkong, the more you will admire this legend with strong personality! After a short while, when he Can Cbd Oil Treat Withdrawal From Alcohol approached, Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation he noticed that Zong Changkong seemed to be sitting Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation crosslegged circling for a long time with a faint breath, showing that profound and incomparable cultivation base was admirable. This cbd cream online girl Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation regarded him as a support, but he always hemp oil for tooth pain left this girl at home as a burden Thinking about it, he hemp oil jackson tn felt ashamed and laughed Squeezing Luers smooth face If you look good, I will take you around in the future I know there are many beautiful ones. If the opponent is not strong enough, hit it if you hit it, or kill it if you kill it, so what? Could it be that the Seventh Prince of the Blood Country dignified the death of Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation a cbd face products few enemies. and the suction power became stronger for a time! Help! Dont! Help me! Ah! Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation I dont want to die yet! Let us go! does hemp lotion help with anxiety Please! Ah! Its like hell on earth. In fact, Hemp Extraxt Cbd there are Stores That Sell Cbd Near Me arrangements for her Su Yi remembered that Tan Weiran had talked to her privately before breaking up more than a year ago. Of course, the cbd balm for nerve pain ability to survive this powerful blood formation is enough to show their extraordinaryness, but what is surprising is that in the survival, the superlight old man is cbd hemp oil near me actually regarded as one. wondering if they had hallucinations The whole person seemed to be fixed there, Cbd Tinctures Drops not moving Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation Of course, not only were they stupid, Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation but even He Piaopiao Cbd Oil For Sleep And Anxiety was stupid. Regardless of the genre and school, Lingyoujing is often one of the most valued Spiritual travel is the ability of the soul to be released from the body Regardless of the genre, it is almost an cbd roll on stick iconic stage. After a while, he approached step by step, but the closer he got to the six reincarnations, the greater the Charlottes Web Cbd Oil Amazon Uk resistance he felt, and there seemed to be an invisible force pushing outward After about half an hour, he finally walked to the Six Paths of Samsara. The old Taoist couldnt help laughing When he returned to his senses, he suddenly found that there were many cbd chapstick amazon more pilgrims in the hall. burning the entire sky to bright red Laughing wildly, it is even more circling over the wasteland one after another, with a kind of pride Not good! Tan Weirans expression sank Uncle Chang was even more does walmart have hemp oil flexible with this knife than he Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation had imagined It was incredibly flexible to be able to temporarily change tricks under such circumstances. Emperor Cui california hemp oil walmart Yanke looked at the salute of Tan Weiran, in his eyes The fierce light flashed away, as if the spring cbd lotion for anxiety breeze was gentle, and whiskers smiled and said Sure enough, the hero is born a boy, Mrs Tan, new age premium hemp oil 1000mg reviews you and Tobuhou have successors Your Majesty is too acclaimed. he would undoubtedly die If the momentum is used to suppress the momentum, there is still a glimmer of life visible! Bump! At cbdfx shipping this moment. it was not as thorough as Grandpa thought Immediately afterwards he suddenly posted Now, it seems that what I discovered at the beginning seems to be related cbdmedic oil to love.
2. Sports Stores Melbourne Cbd
However, if only that evil spirit takes the shot, Senior will definitely take Advantage Medical Cbd Oil it too Therefore, she didnt have the slightest worry or fear, and she believed in Feng Qingyans abilities very much. However, when I came to the ghost town, I saw in the new Aotou List that she seemed to be the top five in Xiaobu Zhoushans performance In fact, the Top Ranking praised Yan Duwus cultivation level very much, but the evaluation of her strength is not too high. Huh lifted up his delicate face, took a healthy hemp las vegas deep breath, and then Stretching out a slightly pseudofemale palm, and How Many Cbd Mg In Charlotte Webs Advanced pasting it on the stone tablet However, as time passed. He clenched his fists, and became Constipation Cannabis Oil mad for the Cbd Store In Greenville Sc bold behavior of those people Some people are really not afraid of death! They dare to sell, they dare to sell to Convenience Stores That Sale Cbd Oil this point, half! Anger is anger, and Zhuang Guanyu is also very angry Helpless. Could it be that everything in front of you is made up by your own brain? Feng Qingyans expression was a little horrified At this moment, when he looked at the flowers on the other side, he suddenly found that they were burning, but really burning. Tan Weiran was astonished When he thought of it he was a little surprised Han Qings purpose is Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation not for the cbd rubbing oil treasure of the last time, right? Its really not an ordinary attachment. and at the same time he felt a little Where To Leave Pure Kana Cbd Reviews more emboldened in his heart! Brother Tian actually asked me to find the ancestral grave of the poisonous snake sect It took a long time to find the ancestral grave It said that the ancestral grave was really hard It took a few slaps to smash it. look at the East Martial Company these days I dare not put a fart The restaurant was lively, with many guests, looking at this man curiously. Including many superpowers like Xi Hucheng feel that Tan Weiran will Plus Cbd Capsules 25mg soon be defeated, and he may be defeated Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation in a few more breaths The weakness is too obvious. Rouer, no matter whether the prediction is true or false, you are destined to be Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation my wife, regardless of life or death! Long Tianyi suddenly Best Online Cbd Edibles squatted down can you buy cbd at walmart bloodshot in his eyes, tremblingly said , And then picked it up, and walked in one direction in full view. A roar is earthshattering Amazing This is the first time that Long Tianyi has used it, and it has only been half a month since he has been practising it. At this time, the pavilion was completely changed The whole building was transformed How Is Cannabis Oil Consumed into a strangelooking presidential suite for Long Tianyi The brothers who were offended by it were speechless and The vacant land of other plots is where can i buy hemp near me still undergoing renovation. In the field, he stood up hard, and only felt sore in his waist The bare skin was soaked by the Does Cannabis Oil Go Bad In Brown Paper In Fridge wet and cold autumn rain, and suddenly shivered involuntarily Here you are. I think The palace owner should be familiar with it, right? Or is Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation it Yaotian? After coming up with the Lord, I have read the information of this young man A year ago, I had a haunted ghost field. And these beauties stay there, just looking forward to someone who doesnt have a girl The accompanying guests, new age premium hemp oil 1000mg reviews by the way, take themselves up the mountain, or dont mind being alone As for whether there is any deal in it. She pursed Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation her pink mouth and said she didnt believe it, but she said it in a very small voice I dont believe it Hearing her sexy inwardness, Tan Weiran stared at where to find cbd oil her Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation pink lips, and suddenly an inexplicable thought flashed in her heart. In the courtyard under the night, Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation the moonlight Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation is like flowing water, quietly cascading on the flowers and leaves, and on the bricks, it looks very quiet Behind the courtyard, two clear and childish recitations faintly heard. Can Cbd Oil Cause Decrease Urine Out Put, Can You Ship Cbd Oil Out Of The Country, Cbd Oil Without Thc Reviews, Cbd Body Lotion, Avoid Oil Cannabis Oxidation, Jesus Anointing Oil Cannabis, Can I Buy Cbd Oil In Germany, Cbd For Life Pain Relief Spray Review.

For almost two decades, the Mammoth has established itself as a well-known standard for mountain bike mini-pumps. And with the rubberized t-handle and AnyValve head that auto-adapts to Presta, Schrader, and Dunlop valves, it’s even better than its legendary forebears.
- AnyValve pump head automatically adapts to Presta, Schrader, and Dunlop valves
- Rebuildable internals
- Tough, lightweight aluminum barrel
- Rubberized folding t-handle
- Includes cage mount
- 90 psi max pressure
- 157g / 0.34lbs

Home Bar Inspiration
New year, new nook who dis? . I shared with Martha Stewart Living
inspo on non-traditional bar surfaces and this is one of them! . My client didn't know what to do with this space in her new home. Knowing her vibe and building from her existing decor style, I suggested creating a home bar and she instantly loved it . Made a few tweaks from the initial design due to supply shortages + delays but it's still FAB, right?!
Musician: Not The King

1.Tried installing a new OS on my Laptop.
2.Got an error that the CD was corrupted.
3.Tried reinstalling it.
4.Laptop stuck on start up screen.
5.Tried clicking "F2" and it doesn't work "tried "F1" "ESC" "F12".
6.Removed my HDD .
7.Laptop can now click "F2 and others".
Those Function keys would only be likely to work if that Start up screen was the BIOS menus.
It seems all you need to do is to make another download bootable for a DVD or a USB stick. Rufus is a good utility for that job and, of course, get the download for the operating system from the right source..

Come for the comedy, stay for the gravy.
Owen Benjamin is a comedian, homesteader, livestreamer, and all-around crusher.
It's OK To Mock Gays, Epic BTT Moment & Smith-Mundt's Open Season On Our American Psyche
A Kid In The Candy Shop, Big Bear Goes Birthday Shopping For Fruit Trees
Big Bear's Big Birthday & Influence Ripples
Monkeys, POCs, & MonkeyPox. Also Democrats Appeal To (((Single Issue))) Voters
The Magical Mystery Todd, Mail Code Cracked, & Some Great Letters
Clean Getaways, George W. Bush Justifies Iraq & Big Bear Justifies Boomer Ducky Bath Time
You must be an Unauthorized.TV subscriber in order to view this content.

Shipping Over $80 Site-Wide Free Delivery CA Only | Whole-sale Prices Available | Purchaser Must Be Over 21
No products found...
Showing 1 - 12 of 132More filters
Dassai 23 Junmai Daiginjo Sake 獭祭 纯米大吟釀 720ml
Dassai 23 Junmai Daiginjo Sake 獭祭 纯米大吟釀 1.8L
Dassai 45 Junmai Daiginjo Sake 獭祭 纯米大吟釀 1.8L
With their continued commitment to quality, they have renewed their popular Dassai “50” with an even higher rice polishing ratio, Dassai “45.” Enjoy this delicate brew carefully crafted with fruity floral aromas on the nose and a soft, clean finish.

You can hate Politics for what it has become and avoid it like a 10-foot pole. Or you can put purpose to it. One of these actions can change your life for the better. Which would you “vote” for?
An old Greek philosopher once said:
“Man is by nature a political animal.”
He even went on to write an extensive book called, well, “Politics”.
Aristotle figured if Man can reason and communicate with others, he probably could alter or change his living conditions for the better. Especially since he can recognize the difference from right or wrong.
Of course, he was working on an assumption: That a man with reason has to anchor his approach towards politics on the fundamental concept of good for human beings. An evaluation of modern politics, however, will tell us that Reality is far different from Theory.
“I Hate Politics.”
Politicians are often viewed as crooks. If they aren’t corrupted, they’re on the way there. And whatever project they propose is first to provide for their deep pockets. Everybody and everything else comes second.
In Malaysia, where Corruption is widely believed to be rampant, politics is a dirty game and a dreadful career. Politics seem to be about who thumps his or her chest loudest. And who can accuse the other of a sex scandal the fastest.
It appears to be a lot more to do with power grabbing and naked frolics in Videoland, and a lot less to do with problem solving.
Even the process of voting is encumbered with all sorts of evil tricks.
Even after you’ve managed to put in your ballot paper without incident, there’s no guarantee your desired candidate will win.
And even if the party of choice wins, there’s no guarantee that changes will happen.
“But I Want to Be Heard.”
At the heart of things, voting is a civic duty of every citizen. If that sounds as boring as having to clean your room once a week, think of the people long ago who went through hail and hellfire to fight for political suffrage for all.
OK, you weren’t born then and you really don’t care. How about considering the idea of being told to shut up every time you ask for something?
“Can I have the keys to the car?”
“Can I play football with my friends after homework?”
“Can I have a salary because I’ve been working for you for free, for, like, 2 frigging years?”
Voting is like having a voice and being able to use it to effect a change that benefits you. So it’s really more than just a civic duty. It’s your chance to shape the country and the way it’s run so you can improve your living conditions.
If you believe that you can, long enough, it may just happen. If you think it’s just a waste of time, then it won’t. It’s possibility versus nothing.
So, if you’re one of the 4.4 million unregistered voters who think your vote won’t make a difference, mull over this thought:
If all 4.4 million of you think the same way, there won’t be any difference. Everything stays the same (if it doesn’t continue to go downhill). On the flipside, if all of you rush out to the post office over the next few days and sign up, a shift could happen.
The “could” changes to “would” if a sizeable number out of this figure votes for the right candidate at the next elections, someone who actually does more than stroke his Prada suit while dismissing rallies as a waste of time.
It’s all about critical mass.
It’s all about getting to the tipping point for change to happen.
“Now, How Do I Start the Avalanche?”
Well, ask yourself what it is that you and your friends need?
What is it that you and your community dislike about the status quo?
It is usually related to something important to you, like education. (Is it the low quality of your teachers? The syllabus?)
If you’re working, it could be to do with the salary scale at the establishment to which you’re attached. (No pay rise for 3 years?)
If you’re looking to purchase your first home, it could be the prohibitive entry costs. (Not enough affordable homes? Payment schemes that tie you down for 20 years?)
It could also be down to a simple basic need and right. Like being able to express yourself freely about the things you’re unhappy about. Even if it’s to do with the way the government is governing.
Voting is the chance to find a candidate who will take up your complaints, suggestions, and ideas and solve it at the Local Council stage or, if he’s an MP, bring it to Parliament for debate and for lawmaking.
It’s the chance to co-create policies, to help the government improve and govern better. [Think “Second Life”, that online game, only more exciting because this is real.]
Deciding not to vote is agreeing to have your future decided by a bunch of old folks who prefer that you listen more than give your opinions.
(Even if they do make plenty of sense.)
“Eh, How Long is this Ride?”
Change, of course, does not happen overnight. Hey, even your hair won’t turn all metallic and silky after one wash of that amazing follicle boosting shampoo promoted on TV.
The idea of continuously keeping your finger on the pulse of politics, and voting, is to produce enough momentum to drive your country closer to that dream state or nation you desire.
For the campaigner, it’s transforming enough onlookers into active, informed voters – year on year – to move the nation forward.
A) Gathering and mobilising a community of like-minded voters who want similar things.
B) Educating voters like you on the backhanded mechanisms hatched by the incumbent party to halt fair elections in their tracks [so that nobody is disillusioned into thinking that any fight for good comes easy and fast].
C) Helping voters like you understand that every new government, state or federal, needs time to adjust, clean up, and create an office that is effective. Especially if the last one leaves with a plundered bank account and a host of unaccounted for purchases and bad deals.
D) Ensuring voters like you grasp the concept that state governments in Malaysia have control over management of religion, land, natural resources and water – but not much else. “Centralism” has meant that state governments are left with very little fiscal autonomy, with Putrajaya calling the shots on which state gets more grants for development. So, if your party of choice forms the state government and it isn’t the ruling party, proving you made the right choice can be a pretty tough battle in itself for the party you voted for. And yet, KNOWING this, there are things you could do about it.
“Good Things Come to Those Who Wait? Really?”
Most of us Malaysians would consider queuing up for really good Nasi Lemak, Banana Leaf Rice and Chicken Rice. Would we wait for a cleaner, less corrupted government? Better schools? The arbitrary oppressive laws like ISA and Official Secrets Act to be chucked out of our psyche forever? Shouldn’t we wait for lasting “treasures” as opposed to stuff that won’t stand the test of time? Shouldn’t we reserve some of our energies to shape our future instead of just focusing on the present?
To summarise, it all comes back down to the “U” in the whole equation of things. The YOU.
Be invested in politics because they affect U and they provide the information U need for the elections.
Be investigative and know who your local and Members of Parliament are because U will be making them accountable for your affairs.
Be a voter because U are the rakyat and U have a say in the way the country is run.
Because, as Aristotle says, U know what is right and wrong and with that knowledge, U can change your living conditions for the better.
Lisa Ng is a human being. She used to be a copywriter in the advertising industry. But now she just writes. For whatever helps us regain the lost art of “giving a toss” towards things that matter to the human race.

“For people who suffer from Moebius syndrome, which is the inability to move facial muscles, they often explain how they have to tell themselves to be happy or sad…The happiness or sadness doesn’t occur naturally to them. They are intellectualizing their feelings.” – Dr. Eric Finzi
I came across this gem today, and I guess it would be irresponsible of me not to delve deeper into it. I never understood this research finding (that has been handily refuted by my friend Kathleen Bogart, a psychologist who happens to have Moebius syndrome). If anything, I always almost wonder if I’m over-emotional in response to having limited facial expression. I am passionate, strong-willed and often too hard on myself. Definitely no one has ever accused me of lacking emotion in any way, shape or form! Do I intellectualize my feelings? Sure, but then again I pretty much intellectualize everything! I honestly think that has more to do with my upbringing and schooling than the fact that I have limited facial expressions.
And, for what it’s worth, people tell me I’m very expressive even with partial pareisis. So I think we just intrinsically learn how to be expressive in other ways, and I don’t believe that’s a negative or problematic way to live.

Ukraine, a significant producer of uranium and titanium, also grows wheat. It is a big global supplier of these commodities. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine could impact supply and prices, resulting in economic repercussions globally and inflationary risks.
Representative Image Representative Image
Ukraine is a natural resource-rich country that has large reserves of minerals like uranium and titanium. As Europe’s top producer of uranium and with vast deposits of titanium, Ukraine ranks high in the world for its key resources.
As the world’s ninth largest producer of uranium and sixth for titanium, the country is important to the global supply chain. Russia’s attack on Ukraine could have economic repercussions globally, giving rise to uncertainty.The magnitude of the potential economic fallout is unclear, because the scale of the conflict is uncertain. As the conflict worsens, however, it could hit supply chains and the impact of all of this would be on the […]
- Do contribute something to the discussion
- Do post factual information, analysis and your view on company valuations
- Do disclose if you have an interest in a security
- Do not make low-content posts, unsubstantiated ramps or untruthful/misleading statements
- Do not complain about a post unless you have reported it first, and not on the forum.
- Do not post financial advice
- Do not advertise or post sponsored content

Customer Story: Patient Insight Network improves data quality with Salesforce
Customer Story: Patient Network improves data quality with Salesforce
Industry: Healthcare / Life Sciences
Location: California, USA
Products Purchased: Salesforce Sales Cloud, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, FormTitan
- Support growth efforts
- Automate redundant and eliminate manual tasks
- Improve the quality of its patient data
- Streamline deliverables to its clients
Patient Network uses its network to survey individuals about specific medical diagnoses, symptoms, medications, or their generic medical history. The survey questions are often provided by Patient Network’s clients, which sponsor the questionnaires. In turn, Patient Network shares those anonymous responses and research findings with the client sponsoring the survey. Patient Network’s clients use this information to better understand a patient’s experience, speed up research efforts, and improve treatments.
Before the team implemented Salesforce, Patient Network relied on Google sheets to collect survey responses. This meant that responders had to answer the same generic questions for each survey they submit, including demographic and contact details, medical history, medications, etc. It also meant the Patient Network team had no way to segment and run analysis across its contact list or survey responses. This prevented them from sharing targeted, personalized communications.
Now, Patient Network uses Salesforce as a robust patient database. They generate surveys using FormTitan, and responses are automatically pushed back into Salesforce standard and custom objects. They even enabled a feature to pre-populate answers to questions that the patient already completed, making the survey response process easier for Patient Network’s patient contacts.
Once the patient data is populated inside Salesforce, Patient Network takes advantage of Salesforce’s robust reporting functionality. The team builds custom reports to share with clients, sets filters that meet client criteria, and hides columns or field values to keep the survey responses anonymous.
Patient Network also uses Marketing Cloud to share personalized, relevant communications to that individual. Some examples include next steps for a specific survey that the patient completed, requests for referrals, and information that the patient expressed interest in learning more.
The Salesforce platform with Marketing Cloud and FormTitan gives Patient Network a single source of truth for patient data.

Custom Offices: Free home design service
GPM Designs offer a free rapid home design service – our average house visit lasts about half an hour. During the visit we will discuss your requirements and explore options, survey the room and then provide either the same day or the day after a written quotation with a high quality 3D drawing and plan of your room. There is no obligation and we never adopt pressure sales tactics in your home.
Fitted Office Furniture
Creative Workspace Solutions
A growing number of people now work from home. Many find that having a dedicated workspace to work from to be a great advantage. It means that there is a dedicated area where work can be carried out efficiently and kept separate from home life. When you are in your office you are at work. This is where your PC or laptop, printers and monitors are set up, files and folders, stationary and reference material are stored for easy access.
GPM Designs have, for 40 years, designed and built many home offices and bedroom/study rooms. Whether that be a wardrobe with integrated desk area for children to do their homework or more of a guest room with office area to work from, we have made best use of the space available in every situation with made to measure office furniture. As every room is different, the fact that our units are custom built enables us to offer best use of space for our customers with their home office furniture.
When we visit your home we will gather all the relevant information about how you would like to lay out your office – where you would like your printer for example and where you would like your files to be stored and what else you would like to store in the room. We are then able to offer a practical custom design tailor made to suit your individual needs.
The same massive selection of styles, colours and finishes is available for your home office. Our customers usually require their office, study or bedroom/study to have most of the hardware below the work surface, largely out of site with only the monitor, keyboard and mouse on the work surface. Or sometimes they prefer a flip down drawer with pull out shelf for keyboard or laptop. Printers are often housed in a cupboard with a pull out shelf, allowing the printer to be pulled out for easy paper insertion or changing ink.
A cavity is created behind the lower units for cabling, which can be brought up to the work surface at any point through a cable entry.
Upper units can either sit on the work surface or be wall hung with a gap to the work surface, or a combination of both. They could include display sections with glass doors, lighting and glass shelves or solid shelves if preferred.

Jack Nicklaus hitting the Bahamas with Arnold Palmer? Or Gary Player?
Or Greg Norman and Nick Faldo just hanging out? What about Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson?
Not likely scenarios in their heydays. But Rickie Fowler, Justin Thomas and Jordan Speith are doing just that, having fun with each other on social media, and all the while winning golf tournaments.
Thomas won his first major and was Player of the Year for 2017, and Spieth won his third major, the British Open. Fowler just shot a 61 to win Tiger Woods' event.
"What I love more than anything else that I see in this generation is the way you get four or five of these kids running off to some island in the Bahamas to have a fun time," Norman said Thursday ahead of his QBE Shootout at Tiburï¿½n Golf Club at the Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort. "That never existed in my career. I don't think that probably existed in Jack's or Raymond Floyd's career. We all disappeared once the golf tournament was over to our own wherever we went, right?
"But to see these kids interact the way they are today, especially in the United States, I think it's fantastic for the game. And I've seen that happen in Europe. The European guys got together and travel together and did things together. So it bodes well for American golf going into the future."
And the present. The U.S. won the Ryder Cup last year and the Presidents Cup a few months ago.
"I think that all comes from socializing together," Norman said. "I don't follow too many of everybody's social account, but just the interaction, the way they are on social media is fantastic. I wish I had social media in my day because I think it would have been fun to interact with the other players and do what they do and say what they say and needle each other back and forth a little bit.
"But it's all done out of great friendship and great spirit and you see it coming out on the golf course. There's probably five or six, seven, eight kids today under 26, 27 that could be No. 1 player in the world tomorrow."
Norman, 62, knows what it takes to get there, holding that spot for 331 weeks. And the accomplished businessman who wants to keep the game of golf's future bright, is hoping a new venture will play a part in that.
Norman recently announced a partnership with golf cart company Club Car, GPS Industries and Verizon called the Shark Experience. It incorporates livestreaming, Bluetooth, GPS and more into a golf cart.
Norman walked into a cart barn once and saw 20 or so of the carts equipped with screens, and saw the possibilities. He likened it to a hotel room with TVs that could show just about any form of entertainment.
"I thought 'Why can't we do this with a screen on every golf cart? Why can't we pull in what we have on our iPhone and give the people the ability to listen to music, put speakers in the roof of the golf cart and take their iPhone away, take their Bluetooth speakers that they pull around all over the world with them from golf course to golf course and put it all on the screen?'" he said. "That's what I envisioned. That's what I thought about. Then we wrote a business plan and four and a half years later here we go to market next year."
Norman said the system will be cashless, in testing so far pace of play has not been slowed, and management companies and the National Golf Course Owners Association are on board.
"So fingers crossed, knock on wood we found something that's good for the golf industry, and yeah, the icing on the cake for us is and from my perspective is it's a rev share with the golf clubs that have it," Norman said. "So they have a chance of increasing their bottom line by having Shark Experience at their golf club."
Norman says the PGA Tour also is keeping track of it.
"If our agreement goes ahead, which I'm pretty sure it will, they can watch live streaming PGA Tour golf on their monitor and they're playing golf at the same time," he said. "Instead of being home on the couch with their buddies drinking beer, they're in a golf cart drinking beer, watching the PGA Tour and playing golf. So you're bringing it all in. And the PGA Tour goes, 'Whoa.'"
Woods created a "Whoa" in his return to golf last week after missing more time due to back surgery. He flirted with the lead the first two rounds before tying for ninth in the Hero World Challenge.
Norman said a healthy Woods is good for the game, but hopes Woods doesn't get too wrapped up in other people's expectations.
"You just hope it just continues on for him because a lot of the stuff he's done has been self-inflicted, but a lot of the stuff that he's going through now is more the wear and tear of the body hitting a lot of golf balls," Norman said. "... So I hope he manages his expectations more than everybody else's expectations being like he's going to come back and be Tiger of past. I think he still has a little bit of time on his side, but not a whole lot."
Norman took some time to actually play golf the past two days in the pro-am, for obvious reasons to support those from QBE Insurance and others who were in the pro-am. But also to get ready for next week's PNC Father/Son Challenge, where Norman will play with his son Gregory.
"This is the first time I've played two days in a row I bet in 10 years, but (his game) needs work," Norman said. "If I had a little bit more WD-40 I think I would be OK."
So he's hoping Gregory is prepared to carry the team.
"I've got a custom-made saddle that perfectly fits his back and I can put it on him and I can ride him as hard as I want to ride him," Norman said. "I have no expectation for myself. I'm looking forward to playing with him because he's really, really excited about it. He's been practicing every day, wanting to do well.
"So that's why I've been trying to practice every day just to sharpen my game from zero to one or two, which would be great for him."
This article is written by Greg Hardwig from Naples Daily News, Fla. and was legally licensed via the Tribune Content Agency through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to firstname.lastname@example.org.
Experts on the business and game of golf. The best coaching tips and latest golf news delivered straight to you. Sign Up to get the latest.

FEB 14th 4pm - 6pm PST
Turn up the heat this Valentine's with an evening of sensual exploration. Discover new depths of connection and understanding as Lila guides you and your partner through a series of exercises involving touch and sensual play.
Afterward, carry on with your Valentine's plans or stay on the line to join Lila for Q+A.
This date night will be one that you won’t forget!
* If you can’t make it live, not to worry, you will be sent a recording following the event.

Playing Online Gambling Games For Triumph
In the event that you are from a general viewpoint starting to welcome the globe of online gambling betting, you would quick as can be ask concerning whether such pc gaming structure is sans probability and ensured. As an issue of first hugeness, you should see that the electronic gaming industry is an unfathomably new out of the case another zone of undertaking on the web. Putting cash on web wagering targets was to be sure an incomprehensibly perilous endeavor. Stores of online gambling betting players lost overhaul for the web not since the probabilities did not go for them yet rather considering the way that the actual framework had issues. In a short period of time, it very well may be said that there are essentially constantly chief flourishing audits that make on the web gaming a ton endlessly secure. In any case, you would enable not to danger wagering on a puzzled site.
Similarly, when it concerns online gambling betting and in like manner sports booking, you can feel sure that the huge targets try really what are intensely put aside monstrous levels of cash to make their constructions work extra acceptably and secure rather than programming engineers. The need has become generally more unflinchingly as on a boundlessly boss level inventively online gambling betting business builds up their reality on the web. Players can change to different other pc gaming centers around that are much genuinely secure. Strong targets will all around make their attesting data conceivably sure to gamers. As to licenses, you should regard that not all cutoff networks are passed on by the public get-togethers of the countries where the online video gaming regions run from.
Quite possibly the most observable non-advantage affiliations that control web games and shield the two players and besides heads is the electronic business online gambling betting policy or better suggested in the market as online gambling. At last, in the event that you need to guarantee your security while online เว็บบิทคอย games, you need to examine your pc gaming or wagering rehearses. You need to reliably audit that there two or three zones that can be far away by this connection. Hoard all data before you pick single check as the best way to deal with oversee directs control move holds. No extent of online flourishing designs can promise you on the off chance that you illogically put your money on the table. To spread it out no ifs, ands or buts, in the event that you ought to be guaranteed about, you from the soonest beginning stage need to have a suffering technique on your zone.

Here’s a new recipe that I think we just added to our lunch rotation. We found it while looking for a way to use up a big bunch of kale we got in our last CSA package. We often find new recipes Iron Chef style like that – starting with the day’s secret ingredient (sometimes two) and searching for recipes that incorporate it.
Adapted from AllRecipes:
- 1 2/3 cup quinoa
- 3 1/3 cups water
- 2 bunches kale, torn into bite-sized pieces
- 2 avocados – peeled, pitted, and diced
- 1 chopped cucumber
- 1 chopped red bell pepper
- 1/4 cup chopped red onion
- 1/4 cup crumbled feta cheese
- 1/2 cup olive oil
- 1/4 cup lemon juice
- 1 tbsp lemon zest
- 1/4 cup Dijon mustard
- 1 teaspoon sea salt
- 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
Bring the quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Steam kale over boiling water until soft and no longer bitter, about 5 minutes. Combine in a large bowl with quinoa, avocado, cucumber, bell pepper, red onion, and feta cheese.
Whisk olive oil, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, lemon zest, sea salt, and black pepper together in a bowl until the oil emulsifies into the dressing; pour over the salad.

They got Butch where the cougar needed to be: on the field for football games.
Some forty years after Washington State University ended the tradition of a live cougar mascot and the Butchmen disbanded, alumni share memories of the spirit group.
“Our job was to get the cougar to the football games and then, after we would score a touchdown or field goal, we would take him around the track,” recalls retired Colfax dentist Al Kirkpatrick (’75 Zool.), a member of the Butchmen for three years.
One time, he and his fellow Butchmen simply couldn’t get the cougar out of his cage and into its trailer. “We were the ones responsible for not getting Butch to a home game against the University of Idaho,” Kirkpatrick says.
After being unable to lure Butch into the rolling cage, Kirkpatrick began working with the cougar’s handler in the College of Veterinary Medicine. “I started feeding Butch on occasion,” Kirkpatrick says. “After that, when we went to load him up we didn’t have any problem.”
Kirkpatrick worked with Butch VI, the last of WSU’s live cougar mascots. “I remember if you got close to his cage, he’d stick his paw out and kind of swat at you a little bit. But I don’t remember him being really riled up about anything. He wasn’t really aggressive.”
But Butch would perk up when Kirkpatrick walked by. “He’d be lying there, sunning himself, and I’d come walking by and all of a sudden he’d sit up and running come over. When he saw me he identified me with food.”
Another cougar did, too, during a drive up Interstate-5. “My senior year we played the UW in Seattle for the Apple Cup, and a guy by the name of Gary Andal had a Lincoln-Mercury car dealership south of Seattle. They had the Mercury Cougar, and Gary had a pet cougar. He agreed to bring his cougar, which was smaller than Butch, to the game. (The Butchmen) met him down at his car dealership (in Burien). And he asked me if I wanted to ride with him in his truck. The cougar was just on a leash and a collar, and it jumped in the middle of us. I was wearing this nice sweater, and the cougar put its paw up around my neck and started nibbling on my shoulder.”
Kirkpatrick doesn’t remember trying out for Butchmen. “I had a friend in it, and he asked me if I wanted to be part of it. So it was just kind of by invitation. I don’t remember a big clamor or a big demand to try to get into the group. It was just a group of guys, and we’d recruit other guys as we went along. Steve Appel was the one who got me into the club. We would get to the games way early so students and their parents could come down and take a closer look at him,” Kirkpatrick says. But, “We would make sure people didn’t get too close.”
Grant Miller drove behind the truck carrying car dealership owner Gary Andal, his pet cougar, and Miller’s buddy, Al Kirkpatrick, another one of the Butchmen, on the way to the Apple Cup in Seattle in 1975.
“Somehow we got hooked with Andal,” says Miller (’75 Agribusi. Econ.), a member of the Butchmen for three years. “He let us take his pet cougar to the Apple Cup, and that was a big thing. The cougar was the emblem for the brand. It would be on billboards and in commercials. And the Cougar was the new Mercury car. Anyway, I was in the car behind the pickup. And all these people would see this cougar looking out the back window of this truck going down I-5. You wouldn’t expect to see a real live cougar going down I-5. Those were good times.”
Miller, a wheat farmer in Lind, joined the club because of Kirkpatrick. They were the best men at each other’s weddings.
The Butchmen, Miller says, “was a service-type organization to help support Butch and Cougar athletics and that sort of thing. We had shirts that said Butchmen, and we sold seat cushions. I would say there were ten or twelve of us. We just wanted to be part of something and give back to the community.”
During his sophomore year in 1972, Miller attended George Raveling’s first basketball game for WSU. Raveling, the first African-American basketball coach in the PAC-12, took the Cougars to two NCAA tournaments during his eleven years with the team. He was twice named Conference Coach of the Year and led the Cougars to 167 wins. “He was a great coach and brought the Cougars out of the doldrums and into the spotlight,” Miller says. “That’s a good memory—of him jumping up and down at Cougar games with Butch there.”
Sam Jankovich became the assistant athletic director in 1972 and, Miller says, “he was our advisor. We would go to his house before or after games and serve drinks to elite donors. There’d only be ten or twenty high-tired people and us.”
He reflects fondly on his days in the group. “It was a group that we felt proud to be part of,” he says. “I’m proud to be a Coug.”
But he doesn’t miss hauling Butch in his trailer around the stadium. “It was the kind of cage you’d see at the circus, with heavy bars on it,” he says. “It took four guys at least to pull it around. It did have rubber tires on it, so that helped. But it was heavy. By the time you pulled it around the 440-yard track you were exhausted.”
Back then, though, he—and the Butchmen—were young and strong. “Or,” Miller says, “crazy.”
Barbie Olson (’68 English) was a member of the Yell Squad from 1965 to 1967. While the Butchmen “were very much their own group,” she remembers cheering on the football field alongside them.
“It was a pretty large group when I was involved. It was definitely big. They were an all-male rooter group, and they sat together. I remember them as basketball games as well,” Olson says, noting up to fifty male college students made up the Butchmen in her day.
“That was the time when ‘Huck the Fuskies’ started,” she notes. “People think it was later, but it really was the late ’60s. Somebody clever came up with that, and it might’ve been one of the Butchmen. I know we could never lead that cheer; it had to come from the students. Even then we tried our best to override it. We were all down on the field—the Yell Squad, the Rally Squad, the Cougarettes drill team, the members of the Butchmen who ran Butch around the field. Every time WSU scored, they would run Butch around the field—the field had a track around it in those days—in his cage. It was kind of like running our flags in the end zone now.”
Olson went on to become a longtime volunteer consultant and advocate for WSU’s cheer program, starting in the early 1980s. By then, the Butch mascot no longer a live cougar but portrayed by a student in a costume. Olson worked with the costumed mascot for decades but never forgot the Butchmen.
“Friday night before a home game, there was always a rally, and they were very key,” she says. “It was an honor to be in that group. We respected them, and they respected us.”
Frank Krook (’67 Soc. Studies, ’69 Teach. Cert.) doesn’t remember ever running the live-animal Butch around the field following touchdowns and field goals. But the retired Burlington middle-school language arts and social studies teacher “certainly” remembers “the roar of the crowd as Butch passes by” and has fond memories of revving up crowds at football and basketball games.
“It was a wonderful time,” he says. “We all joined together to support the Cougars. We wore particular outfits, these crimson-and-white jackets that identified us as Butchmen. We also had these straw hats that we would wear to identify ourselves and excite the crowd at every game we were at. It brought a certain togetherness to the group. We were part of the spirit of WSU. We always put ourselves in front of the crowd. We tried to encourage the crowd and encourage Cougar spirit. We weren’t cheerleaders, but we were certainly cheer supporters. All the guys who were in it were always excited to be chosen. Everybody who was in it was enthusiastic. It was great fun to be a part of that.”
Krook still carries that Cougar spirit, noting he’s traveled around the world often sporting WSU gear. “You wear the Cougar symbol and you get off a plane or train anywhere in the world and you’ll hear ‘Go Cougs,’” he says. “Proud to be a Cougar.”
Howard “Howie” Neill
The first thing that comes to mind when Howard “Howie” Neill (’67 Busi.) recalls his days in the Butchmen is, of course, their outfits—the striped jackets and straw hats. With them, Neill says, “we always wore black slacks.”
The Pullman attorney doesn’t remember ever having had the privilege of carting Butch around the track during football games. But he does remember that the Butchmen always had a great view. “We always had a good place to sit for football and basketball games,” he says. “We had a few off-color cheers we’d do every now and again.” Those were usually reserved “to let the referee know when we weren’t happy with a call.”
All in all, “it was a good group,” Neill says. “It had a great cross-section of people from all over the campus. We all had a good time. It’s a good memory. We had some fun trips over to Seattle for the Huskies games. It was just a great time.”
But, “after a period of time, (the group) dwindled away. It wore itself out.” Before the tradition of a live cougar mascot ended, Neill says, “You’d go and watch him kind of pace around. His cage was where the bronze statue is now.”
Neill’s always has a soft spot for Butch and can’t remember a time when he didn’t know about and love the WSU mascot. “I grew up in Pullman,” he explains. “Butch has always been part of my life.”
During football games, David Nordquist (’52 Geography) would always keep an eye out for Shorty.
Elmer “Shorty” Sever served as custodian of WSU’s athletic grounds for 42 years—from 1928 until 1970. That includes Butch and his cage.
And, sometimes, Nordquist recalls, he would pull a prank on people admiring the animal— Butch IV, in those days.
Butch IV was one of two twin cubs presented by Governor Arthur B. Langlie in 1942. Three years after Nordquist graduated, in 1955, Langlie also presented Butch V.
Shorty came to campus a year after the first live cougar cub was gifted to campus by Governor Roland Hartley in 1927. He would come to know all of WSU’s live cougars before his death in 1973, five years before the demise of the last Butch.
For football games, Nordquist recalls, “Shorty would lure Butch from his big cage to his small trailer cage on wheels. He would do that using a water hose and spraying the cougar and chasing him from one cage to the other. Because of it, the cougar developed a big hatred for Shorty.”
Nordquist played football for the Cougs during his first three years of college. “Sometimes, the cheerleaders or other people on the sidelines who didn’t know about Shorty would crowd around the small trailer cage to look at the cougar. He was used to it and wouldn’t really do anything. But then Shorty would walk up behind those people, and the cougar, I suppose, would smell him or see him, and he would snarl and growl and scare the wits out of the people who were admiring him. All of the football players kind of got used to that, and we’d watch Shorty to see when he was approaching the cage. Butch hated him. But we couldn’t wait to see the reactions from people.”
His final year of college, Nordquist served as student-body president. “That’s one of the reasons I didn’t play football my senior year; it was just too much,” he says.
Back then, the Victory Bell—which now stands in front of the Lewis Alumni Centre—had a much higher site. “When I was in school, it was on top of College Hall, and when we won football games members of the Intercollegiate Knights Club would climb up there and ring the Victory Bell for about fifteen minutes,” recalls Nordquist, who went on to work for WSU for 26 years, starting in 1967. He served mostly as the director of general services and remembers the University’s transition from a live cougar mascot to a student in a cougar costume.
“There was a lot of discussion at that time,” he says. “Some folks wanted to keep a live cougar, but the overwhelming feeling was ‘poor Butch in a cage.’ Animal rights folks got into it, and it was decided to not have another live cougar—which is fine with me. Having the (costumed) Butch mascot is kind of fun. I’ve got a nice picture of myself with Butch at my 60th class reunion. It’s a much more personal Butch this way.”
When Gary Libey saw the ad in the Colfax Daily Bulletin announcing that Butch’s old trailer was to be sold at a surplus auction, the Whitman County Superior Court judge just knew he had to have it.
“I wanted to own a piece of WSU history,” says Libey (’73 Poli. Sci.), who came across the notice in the Whitman County Gazette “like twenty-five years ago. I think I got (the trailer) for $75 or something like that. It was unbelievable—just pure luck. It was a tradition at WSU for years.”
But it needed a little TLC. “It was in pretty rough shape,” Libey recalls. “It was all rusted up. I got a good buddy to haul it to Colfax. We got new tires on it and got it conditioned.”
Scott Pittman, who owned Colfax Body Shop since 1987 before turning it over to his son in early 2020, did the work for free. Libey considers the friends both to be “co-owners” of the relic.
Now, Libey says, the trailer’s “in marvelous condition. Scott sanded it and painted it crimson and gray. During football season, he’ll put it outside in front of the shop right on Main Street.”
When Scott Pittman (x’73 Arch.) first finished restoring Butch’s old trailer, he set it outside his autobody shop on Main Street in Colfax with a taxidermied cougar on top. “People would just about have a train wreck when they’d see that cougar as they were driving down the road,” Pittman says.
His stuffed cougar has long since been retired to his lake cabin. But Pittman still hauls out the trailer during football season. These days, he decorates it with WSU banners and flags.
“I’ve got to hand it to those Butchmen,” Pittman says. “That thing is heavy. I bet it weighs 750 pounds. It’s solid steel. You can hardly pick up the tongue of it, it’s so heavy. To drag it around the stadium with a cougar in it, that’s no small task.”
Pittman guesses it might be Butch’s second trailer. “It had really old spindles,” he says. “They were easy to find bearings for. It was a kick in the pants to do the work. I wish we would’ve taken pictures before we started. It had been in the junk pile outside for years and years.”
Early on after restoring the trailer, Pittman would haul it to WSU Pullman, displaying it for home football games. “It was pretty cool,” he says.
Now that he’s retired, he’s interested in gifting it back to the University. “I think it needs to be in Pullman,” Pittman says. “I’d even deliver it to WSU. That’s where I think it should be.”
On the web
From his namesake to his commemorative bronze statue, WSU’s Butch T. Cougar live-animal mascot leaves a lasting legacy. (Spring 2010 issue of Washington State Magazine)
Cougar Pride’s unveiling at the 2008 Apple Cup (WSU News, November 2008)
A short clip of Butch I being rolled out by Cougar Guard aka Intercollegiate Knights during the 1931 Rose Bowl (WSU Masc)
Check out KREM TV’s Mascot Mania segment on “How the Cougars became the Cougars”

Shaken, Not Stirred. That’s a pretty strange blog name for someone who barely drinks, and has never even had a martini. Especially since as I write this I am only toying with the idea of making this into a blog. I’ve never considered writing a blog before. I am a very private person, and I have never felt like I really had anything to say that would be very compelling to read. Yet here I am, toying with the idea.

I hope you’ll follow the link to my post from today over on Blogger!
Make Hugs Not War.
an ongoing experiment in the dirt, 35 plus years
Prime my subconscious, one hint at a time
Analysis & Discussion For Political Uncertainty
Fun and Healthy!
Inspiring the mind to think outside of the box.

Soft Cover, German, Thread Stiching, 46 Pages, 2015, Edition Triton
"...I have a design problem. The arbitrariness of the form is too much for me. I love the reduction; I like to have only a little..." (Sabine Ott)
"Mankind should modify their butts in order to be able to create new chairs. (...) What I do not need is the most fun because I can renounce it. In my design projects, I'm interested in, (and gain pleasure in dealing with), the existing. This also relates to the materiality. In my design work, I achieve my projects with amazingly little"
Texts: Barbara Holub, Bariaa Mourad, Wolf D. Prix, Ursula Maria Probst, Hannes Stiefel, Daniel Wisser

We are thrilled to support the launch of The Theatre Leadership Project so we can help to make future Broadway leadership more diverse
Owner and CEO of the John Gore Organization
As a studio committed to increasing professional opportunity and access in the arts for all people of color, we are thrilled to support the essential work The Theatre Leadership Project is doing to create a pathway for greater representation among a new generation of Black leadership in theater.
We’re thrilled to lend our support towards The Theatre Leadership Project’s mission and look forward to seeing a more reflective Broadway industry for years to come
Kimberly Steward K Period Media
The Theatre Leadership Project fulfills a critical piece of the mission of creating a more just and equitable theater industry. Working alongside Black-led organizations, TTLP can help increase the breadth of the pipeline of emerging theater professionals, support mid-career BIPOC theater decision-makers and creatives long-term, and assist BIPOC professionals as they advance their careers in every part of the industry. TTLP is a necessary initiative and I'm thrilled and honored to be a small part of it.
As part of its commitment to identifying and assisting the next generation of BIPOC commercial producers, The Shubert Organization is proud to support the work of The Theatre Leadership Project.

Award-winning and deliciously fresh strawberry ice cream loaded to the brim with real, whole strawberries.
Nutritional information is based upon a 4 ounce serving.
Cream, milk, skim milk, sugar, strawberries, whey, modified food starch, stabilizer (locust bean gum, guar gum), natural flavors, citric acid, malic acid, red beet juice concentrate. Contains Milk.
This product is manufactured in a facility that also processes wheat, soy, peanuts and all types of tree nuts.
Super-Premium Ice Cream

NKAPC contracted with consulting firm Woolpert recently to update the Northern Kentucky Control Network in Campbell and Kenton Counties. The effort will replace those monuments that have been damaged and will densify the network with new monuments.
Monuments are used to mark exact locations on the face of the earth using degrees of longitude and latitude. These precise locations create the basis for accurate GIS maps, GPS systems, and property surveys.
“Our monument network has been in place now for five years,” said Trisha Brush, GISP, deputy director for GIS administration. “Unfortunately, some of our monuments have been destroyed by road construction or other public actions and it’s time for them to be replaced.”
According to Brush, a monument is a 12 to 14 inch (diameter) solid concrete cylinder that is poured in place to a depth of four to eight feet. The top of the monument, which is flush with the ground, includes a bronze cap which displays the monument’s identification number and informs the public to contact NKAPC for more information. A global positioning system is then used by Woolpert to produce accurate longitude-latitude coordinates for each monument.
The monuments are located in pairs, so replacing and adding new ones can be costly. Woolpert has already added a new pair in Independence and depending on resources would like to be able to add more as needed.
“There is a pair of monuments every two miles in a grid work fashion but there are still some places, such as in Independence, where we saw a void,” said Brush.
Each year NKAPC does reconnaissance to make sure all monuments are in tact. When each is located, “witness stakes” (orange fiberglass flags) are placed nearby to alert the public of where they are so as to prevent damage from mowing and other activities.
Woolpert will get the GPS coordinates in the spring and then submit them to the National Geodetic Survey (NGS), which will “blue book” them for use by the public. NGS’s Blue Book is the official record of the nation’s coordinate system of monuments that meet federal standards for accuracy.
“We want to maintain a good relationship with the surveying community,” said Brush. “They’ve helped us maintain the network over the years and now we’re adding value to it.”

How to watch Jacksonville Jaguars vs Houston Texans
On Sunday, September 12, Jacksonville Jaguars face the Houston Texans in a regular NFL season game.
- Who: Jacksonville Jaguars vs Houston Texans
- When:Sunday, September 12 at 1:00 p.m.
- Network: CBS
How to Live Stream Jacksonville Jaguars vs Houston Texans
If you don’t have cable, you can stream Sunday Night Football games on Peacock or find games on other streaming service providers such as: YouTube, Hulu with Live TV, Fubo, or Sling.
Check out our full NFL regular season schedule for all matchups, start times and where to watch every game or visit the Jacksonville Jaguars schedule or Houston Texans schedule to see the full team schedule matchups.

The Phono System Chain
What Should I Purchase first?
by George Merrill
The audio system chain is comprised of individual components. Each one of these components adds to the final outcome of the chains flavor or thumb print in the form of detail, tonal balance, three dimension imaging and noise. Each component has what I call a “sonic personality”
The component that has the most pronounced sonic personality is the speaker. One of the reasons for the wide range of its sonic personality is that the speaker performs a triple transition of electrical to mechanical to acoustic energy. The speaker component will have the most influence on the final sonic personality of the system.
Electronic amplification components ( phono stage, preamp and power amp) will have a major influence on the sonic personality. The speaker and interconnect cables are components. Again these cables can and will render a large change in the sonic personality.
The final component, the turntable system consists of three parts, the turntable, tonearm and cartridge. The cartridge turns mechanical energy (stylus movement ) into electrical energy. Cartridges vary in design, an example of these variations is in the different materials used in the cantilever (aluminum, boron, ruby, ect ). These variations in design have a major effect on shading the cartridge’s sonic personality.
The turntable and the tonearm are the only pure mechanical parts to the whole system. The cutting lathe that produced the master is damped to the best possible degree to remove every trace of self generated energy and even to the point of it being mounted on a isolated concrete pad. Allowing only the undulation from the cutting stylus to carve out the grooves in the master. During playback the stylus traces the undulations in the groove and transfers this movement to the cartridge electrical generator. The only movement the stylus should experience is the movement caused by the grooves. The turntable and the tonearm should add nothing in the way of energy reflections or noise to cloud this process. The turntable and tonearm should have NO sonic personality.
An article called Thoughts on Turntable Design will go into greater detail about design. The first components to purchase in your quest for sonic nirvana is a “Energy Management Design” turntable and tonearm. This is the start of the signal chain and is the heart. The right choice will allow the maximum performance from the entire chain The cartridge you choose can be a super performer or it can be of the get me started type which can be used as a backup as you move up. You are now on your way!
“The Heart of the System is the Start of the System”

Karaoke at The Fireside Inn in Lathrop, CA! High-energy karaoke show! 21+
The Fireside Inn in Lathrop, California is a woman-owned business, bringing in KJ Johnny Rocksmith of Shining Star Productions to bring his high-energy, safe, and fun karaoke and dance party Sunday night!
The Fireside Inn is an excellent woman-owned and operated lounge. They provide a free karaoke show in a friendly atmosphere for everyone over 21 with a valid ID to have fun. The pandemic has been rough on many businesses, especially the food service and entertainment industries.
When you come out to support karaoke, please, remember to show The Fireside Inn some love, too! Make it a night out by enjoying a beer or cocktail when you come to sing or visit. Your support of The Fireside Inn’s business keeps our shows going.
We love providing local karaoke, and you make our Karaoke Night the best around. Thank you!

A truly professionally managed Indian sourcing agency with years of experience behind us. Over the years, we have gained the faith and trust of our global clients by sourcing products to the exact details of their specific requirements.
Today, as we stand amongst the most trusted sourcing partners in India, our endeavour is to offer end to end sourcing services to our overseas clients by coordinating, merchandising and undertaking quality control for every purchase from the country.
Our business methodology is based on principles of synergy and cooperation. With strong business associations with the country's best manufacturers dealing in variety of products, we offer the choicest range of products to our discerning clients. These products have distinctive features ranging from quality, creativity, design, finish and prices.
We have earned the reputation for competitive pricing whilst providing unmatched services, continually striving for excellence. Our aim is to achieve complete customer satisfaction by providing hassle-free business experience.
With a sound market base, adequate infrastructure and a wide spread network, we are amongst the most trusted sourcing agency in India. And the major factors that have made us the most preferred sourcing destination are as follows :
- Professionally managed Indian "buying agency" offering bouquet of services (coordinate, merchandise, quality control and consolidation of all purchases from India)
- Single point administration control of all vendors
- Guaranteed quality & reliability
- Competitive pricing
- Reduced costs and time saving
Our pursuit to perfection in all the spheres of business has been widely recognized and appreciated by our clients - a testimony to our unmatched quality products and services. We strongly believe in providing our clients with compatible services, so that our relationship is treasured for lifetime. The complete trade related formalities such as handling samples, approvals, purchase orders etc are efficiently taken care of. We also keep our clients updated with the latest range and trends of products available in the market.

Retro and aged photos are not going out of trend anytime soon. In fact, tarnished photos are listed as one of the key photography trends in 2021. Why is it so popular? I am glad you asked because retro photography is a means of conveying nostalgia of bygone years through places, people, fashion, and color. Images from the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s still inspire photographers of today and influence their storytelling ways. If you want to know more, let’s look at the traits of retro photography.
Contrast is one of the main traits that will help you get a retro photo from a contemporary Ultra HD digital photo. High contrast will make the image sharp and well-defined, which is great for a modern vibe but does not suit a retro look. Low contrast, on the other hand, lifts the sharpness of the colors and shadows and adds a hazy mist to the photo.
To adjust the contrast of any photo you just need to go to Adjust and select the Contrast tool to shift the slider. You can find this effect on old polaroid images and faded film, but also on many influential social media profiles.
Black and white is no longer the absence of color technology, it is a genre of its own. Much like a ‘little black dress’ that Karl Lagerfeld advises every woman to have in their wardrobe, a black and white photograph is minimalistic and elegant.
Photographers still use monochrome cameras to capture architectural detail and portraits. Luckily, you can still enjoy a beautifully balanced black and white photo without buying a new camera. Simply go to Adjust and decrease the photo Saturation, or you can choose a black and white Filter from the 16 options.
Gamma is the luminance of an image, not to be confused with brightness. It alters the difference between light and dark colors in a digital image rather than lightening all areas equally.
Although high gamma may seem like low contrast, the first tool makes an image lighter and not washed-out. Aged photos often lighten out with time and sun exposure, and this effect is characteristic of retro-style photography. Not everyone can get their hands on an old photo but a photo editor is your shortcut to instant gamma raise.
Sepia is actually a photography toning when a silver-based black and white photograph goes through a chemical process. This technique is done in a dark room, and cannot be repeated with color photographs. The good news is you don’t need to bustle with getting a sepia effect anymore. A photo editor is a hacking tool that actually allows you to make changes to any kind of photograph, as long as it is in a digital form.
You can easily adjust your photo and give it a faded copper tone by shifting the Sepia slider. This effect transforms an image back to the 19th century, making it a nostalgic retro shot.
The grainy texture of a photo immediately gives away its age. This may not make sense when it comes to digital photography, because everything is stored as code. But film photographs were not as clear from the start. With time, the film gets damaged and gets a grainy effect as though someone printed it on sandpaper.
Although your digital camera will not let that happen to your photos, you can still achieve the same effect with a quick retouch in a photo editor. Simply go to Adjust and move the Grain slider up to increase the grain particles. Many professional photographers today still add some worn effects to their creations to give the scene a retro touch.
Can't wait to check out your time travel skills and experiments!

Yesterday, Legendary Comics announced the continued expansion of Guillermo del Toro’s blockbuster film franchise with a new graphic novel companion, Pacific Rim: Blackout, and a new Pacific Rim: Ultimate Omnibus collection. In partnership with Rocketship Entertainment, Legendary will also create limited editions of each book as well as exclusive merchandise available through Kickstarter.
Written by Cavan Scott (Star Wars: The High Republic and Shadow Service) with art by Nelson Dániel (Detective Pikachu, TMNT, Clue), Pacific Rim: Blackout, now available for pre-order exclusively on Kickstarter, features an all-new adventure with fan-favorite Herc Hansen in a prequel story based on the Netflix anime Pacific Rim: The Black. Herc, along with his niece Olivia, his copilot Cooper, and Marshal Rask face “kaiju of epic proportions” as they seek to protect the Australian continent and all its inhabitants.
“The Pacific Rim universe is so rich with opportunities to tell all-new captivating stories, and we are thrilled to bring a new prequel adventure based on the popular Netflix anime series to fans,” said Robert Napton, Senior Vice President of Legendary Comics. “Showrunners Greg Johnson and Craig Kyle created such a strikingly beautiful and hauntingly dangerous story featured in the anime series, and I couldn’t think of a better creative team than Cavan and Nelson to capture this vivid storytelling and visual style to bring to the page. We are also thrilled to offer fans of the franchise a new collection that allows them to revisit past adventures.”
“Working with Cavan and Nelson to bring this Pacific Rim story to life has been so much fun,” said Nikita Kannekanti, Senior Editor of Legendary Comics. “Cavan does such a great job balancing the action with the emotional character moments, and Nelson’s art is so full of energy in every single panel. I hope fans enjoy Herc’s story and learning more about what happened before the Black!”
Cavan Scott remarks, “It has been an absolute joy to return to the world of Pacific Rim for this original graphic novel and to also provide a link between the original movie and the fantastic anime series. Herc’s story really resonates with me; a man who has seen the world change and his friends fall away as the monsters keep on coming. But he never gives in, never lets events he cannot control defeat him. The monsters we see Herc facing in his personal life are just as destructive as the kaiju that are razing cities across Australia. As always, Pacific Rim is just as much a story about people caught in extraordinary times as it is a spectacle of monsters vs. mechs. That’s not to say that Blackout doesn’t feature killer kaiju fight scenes. Nelson has done an incredible job balancing cataclysmic events with heartfelt personal moments. I hope Pacific Rim fans young and old enjoy these final moments before Australia becomes the Black.”
“The Pacific Rim universe was something I wanted to draw, the Jaegers and Kaijus and the whole game of proportions is something I really enjoyed doing,” said Nelson Dániel. “I don’t know how many buildings I draw and how many destroyed, but they are never enough when it comes to epic battles. I hope the fans enjoy it as much as I do when I’m drawing it.”
The Pacific Rim: Ultimate Omnibus will bring together all of the franchise’s graphic novels into one 568-page oversized hardcover collection. For the first time ever, New York Times best-selling Pacific Rim: Tales from Year Zero (presented by Guillermo Del Toro and written by Pacific Rim screenwriter Travis Beacham) alongside the sequels Pacific Rim: Tales from the Drift (written by Joshua Fialkov), Pacific Rim: Aftermath, Pacific Rim: Amara (both from Cavan Scott), and the brand-new Pacific Rim: Blackout will all be in one book.
Backers on the Kickstarter can receive digital or physical copies of both books, along with additional perks like prints and pins. The Kickstarter runs until August 18 and has already been fully-funded.
Author: Jamie Sugah
Jamie has a BA in English with a focus in creative writing from The Ohio State University. She self-published her first novel, The Perils of Long Hair on a Windy Day, which is available through Amazon. She is currently an archivist and lives in New York City with her demon ninja vampire cat. She covers television, books, movies, anime, and conventions in the NYC area.
Read our before commenting.
Do not copy our content in whole to other websites. Linkbacks are encouraged.
Copyright © The Geekiary

Is it not ironic that many regard God as restrictive, and to be avoided for that reason? Because God is associated with church and religion, too often these do actually restrict thought, require credence to a set of beliefs and dos and donts, encourage the "we have the answers, they do not!"
I find the following most helpful in expanding thought beyond religious constraints:
God is infinite. He is not restricted to a religion or church! All is included in Him.
God is incorporeal. He cannot be confined to a physical structure or location! "If I make by bed in hell, behold, thou art there." (Ps 139)
God is divine. Unlike the human who is prone to mistakes, He is perfect.
God is supreme. There is nothing to compare Him to, in power, in presence, or consciousness.
God is Love. No hate there! Just a mighty spiritual force.
God is Principle. No more personal responsibility, affection, opinion. "Not my will, but Thy will be done!"
God is Mind. No place for many minds. "The universe is filled with spiritual ideas, which He evolves, and they are obedient to the Mind that made them." (S&H)
...and so on.
We understand that this is how Jesus thought - Jesus, the one who redeemed us from religion! and it enabled him to overcome the limitations of human existence. ENTIRELY PRACTICAL!

One of my old bands called me on Friday. “Hey, we’re booked at the Chesterfield Saturday night, but our bass player can’t make it. Can you play?” I reviewed my schedule… Saturday night I was supposed to be in neighboring village Le Mars to help prepare a presentation for the Korean Veterans’ Last Man Club, but gosh, I can reschedule that…
“Yep,” I said. “I can be there.” A few quick phone calls and my schedule was set. Oh boy! I get to play again!
It didn’t really occur to me until mid-afternoon on Saturday, just hours before the gig, that I hadn’t played with this band for nearly two years. Two years! I bet they learned a few new songs in the last two years… Will I be able to remember the old songs? Oh my. I looked at my bass. It had been sitting in the corner so long there was dust on the case. Not just a light sprinkling of dust, but the “I can see your fingerprints” kind of dust. It’s been a while…
I found an old recording of the band from years ago and cued it up on iTunes, hoping to refresh my memory. I lay back and closed my eyes, concentrating on the key changes. Within five minutes I was sound asleep.
So… 7:30 that night found me standing on stage, plugging my bass into the house sound system, woefully unprepared, but well rested. After a quick sound check I ran through the list of questions I had for the band. “What’s the key change in this song?” and “Do you guys still cue off the drums for the ending of this song?” and “When did you quit wearing sequined spandex pants, and why didn’t anyone tell me?”
By 8:30 my beloved Austrian Snickerdoodle Dagmar and I were sitting at a table, me sipping beer, she sipping a Diet Coke mit der lime in it. The place was starting to fill up a little — people slowly filtering in to see the show. (It never ceases to amaze me how a bar can be completely empty at 8:55 and be packed at 9:01.) I couldn’t help but notice one elderly couple, dressed to the nines. I wondered if they would stay for a song, or if they would leave before the band started.
Promptly at 9:17 the singer gathered us together and we headed for the stage. I strapped on my bass, set my beer down, and proceeded to have a ball… I forget exactly what the first song was, but it was something along the lines of Ted Nugent’s “Great White Buffalo,” a very up-tempo, semi-distorted 70’s song. I wondered what the classy elderly couple thought of it. The second song was in the same vein as the first — a fast rocker designed to get people onto the dance floor early. And sure enough, people were dancing. There were at least three or four couples on the dance floor, jiggling away. Again, I wondered a little about the well-dressed gent and his wife. I felt bad that we’d chased them out of the place with our loud music…
They stayed all night. They danced to “Margaritaville.” They danced to “Brown eyed Girl.” They danced to “Play That Funky Music.” ZZTop, Ted Nugent, they danced to it all. When the dance floor got full, they danced in the aisle. About halfway through the night the gent lost his coat and tie and continued dancing in his shirt sleeves. They danced until well after 1 o’clock in the morning.
It did my heart good to see them.
Just like in the old days, I slept until 11 the next morning, then spent the day on the couch, remote in one hand, snacks balanced precariously on my belly, moaning about my headache, Alka-Seltzer fizzing away.
To top the weekend off in style, the Mighty Mighty Packers beat the Vikings to remain undefeated — a perfect 4-0!
Then I fell asleep.
Things to Think About
I received an e-mail from a friend the other day saying, “Look at this — the democrats are trying to take veterans’ benefits away from us again. Boy, the nerve! I’m sure going to remember this when it’s time to vote!” There was a link to a newspaper article. I didn’t read it.
Things like this make me angry. I could tell at first glance that facts were taken out of context and the facts were distorted, but I didn’t have time to even read the article all the way through. I want to rebut and refute, but I can’t until I get time to do more research. But gosh, it sure seems to me like the democrats giveth and the republicans taketh away…

Kunju Swami came to see Bhagavan around 1920 and stayed in Tiruvannamalai for the rest of his life. For twelve years he was Ramana Maharshi's attendant. He was also an unofficial ambassador of the ashram, visiting other ashrams and institutions to talk about Bhagavan. In his lengthy account he writes about how he discovered Bhagavan, and how Bhagavan almost immediately gave him a direct experience of the Self. In addition to narrating his own story, Kunju Swami tells many stories about life with Bhagavan in the Virupaksha Cave and Skandashram eras. His account of the death of Bhagavan's mother and the subsequent establishment of Ramanasramam is the definitive retelling of those momentous events.
Muruganar is rightly regarded as one of the foremost devotees of Ramana Maharshi. After he arrived at Ramanasramam in 1923, he began to compose devotional poetry that praised Bhagavan and thanked him for the grace that had enabled him to realise the Self shortly after his arrival at Arunachala. During the course of his life he composed over 20,000 verses on Bhagavan and his teachings.
An account of his early days with Bhagavan can be found here.
Muruganar was instrumental in getting Bhagavan to write two of his major philosophical works: Ulladu Narpadu and Upadesa Undiyar. He also recorded, in Tamil verse, many of the teachings that Bhagavan gave out. These were ultimately assembled as the anthology Guru Vachaka Kovai, the most authoritative collection of Bhagavan's spoken teachings.
T. P Ramachandra Iyer was brought up in Tiruvannamalai. His grandfather was one of the first people to recognise Bhagavan's greatness in the 1890s, and the only one who managed to get Bhagavan to eat inside a private house there.
Ramachandra Iyer eventaully became a lawyer and in the 1930s and 40s acted as Ramanasramam's legal representative on a number of occasions. He also served as Bhagavan's attendant during that era. His intimate association with Bhagavan over many years gave him a ringside seat to the many events that he lovingly records here.
Chhaganlal Yogi was originally an atheist with a virulent dislike of swamis and gurus. However, his exposure to Bhagavan in the 1940s transformed his life. At that stage of his life he was running a large printing press in Bombay. After he took Bhagavan as his Guru, he was encouraged by the Ramanasramam management to sell his press there and buy another one in Bangalore so that he could print ashram books. During his many visits to the ashram he had many interesting experiences. He also managed to collect stories and record experiences of other devotees that have not been published anywhere else.
Lakshmana Swamy was one of those rare beings who was almost ready for enlightenment when he first encountered Ramana Maharshi in March 1947. On the second day of his second visit to Bhagavan in October 1949 he realised the Self in Bhagavan's presence while spontaneously doing self-enquiry. A first-person account of his days with Bhagavan can be found here.
After Bhagavan passed away in 1950, he returned to his home town in Andhra Pradesh where he spent several years in a state of near perpetual samadhi. Around 1990 he returned to Tiruvannamalai where he now lives as a complete recluse.
Viswanatha Swami was a distant relative of Ramana Maharshi who ran away from home to join Bhagavan at Ramanasramam and eventually ended up spending most of his life there. He served both Ganapati Muni and Bhagavan during his early years in Tiruvannamalai. A good Sanskrit and Tamil scholar, he ended up translating many of Bhagavan's texts. His account focuses on his early years with Bhagavan, his association with Ganapati Muni, and the culminating experience he had of Bhagavan's grace that took place in he final few hours of Sri Ramana's life.
The Power of the Presence, Part Two
The series continues with accounts by the following six devotees:
An extract from Chhaganlal Yogi's account begins on the next page.
David Godman Books
Books by David Godman on Ramana Maharshi, his devotees and his teachings

Former Boston Drummer Sib Hashian Dead at 67
Word of Hashian's death first arrived from a variety of sources inside the Legends of Rock cruise, which found him playing Boston hits alongside fellow ex-band member Barry Goudreau, part of a roster of performers that included Lou Gramm, former Beach Boy David Marks and ex-Kansas singer John Elefante.
According to reports, Hashian collapsed while performing on the ship. Hashian's son confirmed those details with TMZ. Medics on board administered CPR and attempted to resuscitate Hashian with a defibrillator, but their efforts were unsuccessful, WCVB says. Elefante — who had earlier shared the news of Hashian's collapse and asked fans for prayers — later shared an update simply stating "Sib didn't make it."
Hashian's somewhat complicated history with Boston started during sessions for the first LP, when band leader Tom Scholz hired him to replace original drummer Jim Masdea in an effort to placate the group's label while adding minimal polish to the demos he'd painstakingly recorded in pursuit of a record deal. Hashian returned for the follow-up effort, 1978's Don't Look Back, but departed during the making of their next release, 1986's Third Stage, and was replaced by Masdea.
After leaving Boston, Hashian remained on good terms with a number of his former bandmates. Although he sued Scholz in the '80s (and ultimately settled out of court), he continued to work with other veterans of the group, drumming on guitarist Barry Goudreau's solo LP and periodically gigging with bassist Fran Sheehan and singer Brad Delp.
As his recorded output slowed, Hashian pursued a variety of projects outside the industry, discovering an entrepreneurial streak and dabbling in acting. He found himself on the fringes of the spotlight again later in life courtesy of his daughter Lauren, whose own budding career in music — and long-term relationship with actor Dwayne Johnson — drew attention and led to a brief appearance on the reality competition series R U the Girl.

Well, Dear Reader, I did get my draft done this morning (and much praise to all of you who are joining the November-Poem-a-Day response to National Novel Writing Month...I can never keep the acronyms straight). Today was definitely a bit of a mess in more ways than one. Let me try to give a faithful account of how this draft, "The Making of a Pious Man," came about.
Twice this week, fellow poet-friends said "there's a poem in that!" to something I said. Many of you may know that I'm not really the kind of poet who works this way. I don't carry a notebook with me to write down my observations and phrases. I've tried that method a lot, but failed. In fact, one of my first poetry instructors, S. Eva Hooker, taught us this technique because she only had a half day on Fridays to work on poetry. She called these written notes her 'poem seeds.' I love the idea of this and wish I could work this way. Instead, I rely on another method taught to me by an art instructor, a monk whose name I've forgotten (poor sieve-brain!), as I only took the one art class in college. In any case, he told us that artists of all genres have these extra antennae attached to our heads, like those deely-bopper headbands that kids wear when they are playing bugs in the school recital. Anyway, these antennae serve to collect images, colors, phrases, impressions all day long and these go into a type of holding cell to be called up when we need them. This ties in with Natalie Goldberg's idea of the compost heap of words and images that she describes in Writing Down the Bones.
1. On Monday, I saw a student on campus who was quite far along in a pregnancy, to the point where her belly button was showing through her sweater. (I love this!) This led me to think about umbilical cords and how the first evolving humans figured out that they needed to be cut. When I got back to the office, I asked one of my mother-colleagues about the procedure surrounding the umbilical cord at birth and then told her why I was asking. At one point she speculated about early humans watching animals gnaw through the umbilical cord. Who know if we came to a correct anthropological conclusion? Then she said, "there's a poem in that Sandy. Go write it!"
2. Yesterday, I was talking with another colleague and poet about my grandfather who died a few years ago and I said, "He was a pious man, if not always kind." She said, "that sounds like a line for a poem." Then we both realized at the same moment that it scanned. The line I've written here is not exact, because the line we scanned was perfect iambic pentameter, and this one isn't. I should have listened to her and written it down right then.
To add more to the mess, y'all know I went to hear C.D. Wright read on Tuesday night. Her book is about a horrible time in history for Arkansas, attempts at integration in the 60's. At the same time, the book also talks about the death of her friend who fought this righteous battle against racial discrimination and some of the poems spoke about the woman's dying (which happened about six years ago, if I'm remembering correctly). Somehow, this triggered a memory of my grandfather's deathbed and the minister coming in to recite The Lord's Prayer with us and I wrote a little note in my journal alongside my impressions of Wright's poems. My note says "Grpa - death priest umbilical cord C. gnawing it." (By the way, most of my family call their clergy 'minister.' I know I revert to 'priest' b/c it seems to hold more weight and for me does not necessarily mean Catholic or any other denomination of Christianity, but the holy person of the community.)
So, when I woke up this morning all happy and shiny because it was drafting day, I thought, no sweat, I've already got the idea for a poem. Let me tell you, it was not that easy. I had to wrestle this one to the ground. I went off on tangents. I scribbled horrible lines. Then two things happened: 1) I let go of trying to worry about the early women giving birth and the mess of the umbilical cord and 2) I let go of the facts about my own grandfather and just imagined an incredibly pious man and what might have made him this way.
Magically, the poem grew from there. It begins and ends with images of the umbilical cord as it follows this pious man from birth to death, but it does this in 22 lines. I'm nothing if not concise.

Learn These Greek Tongue Twisters
Comments Off on Learn These Greek Tongue Twisters
It’s true that tongue twisters can sound silly, but for those learning Greek, the can serve another purpose. Learning these tongue twisters can help you hone your Greek pronunciation. Reciting them is especially helpful if you’re fairly new at the Greek language, but it can also help those at any proficiency level. Here are some tongue twisters to recite, along with their translations:
- Καλημέρα καμηλιέρη, καμηλιέρη καλημέρα. Kalimera kamilieri, kamilieri kalimera. Good morning camel driver, camel driver good morning.
- Μια πάπια μα ποια πάπια; Μια πάπια με παπιά. Mia papia ma pia papia. Mia papia me papia. A duck but which duck? A duck with ducklings.
- Ο παπάς ο παχύς έφαγε παχιά φακή. Γιατί παπά παχύ έφαγες παχιά φακή; O papias a pahnis efage paxia pafi. Yiati papa efages pahia faki. The fat priest ate thick lentils. Why, fat priest, did you eat thick lentils?
- Φίλος έδωσε σε φίλο τριαντάφυλλο με φύλλο. Φίλε, φύλαγε το φύλλο, μην το δώσεις σε άλλο φίλο. Filos ethose se filo triandafilo me filo. File filage to filo, min thosees se allo filo. A friend gave to a friend a rose with a lief. Friend, keep the leaf, don’t give it to another friend.
Tongue twisters may look like nonsense phrases, but they do serve a purpose while learning a language. Besides helping to build vocabulary, tongue twisters can help improve pronunciation. Read through this list of tongue twisters a few times and try to same them faster each time you do. It can really help!
The Learn Greek section on GreekBoston.com was written by Greeks to help people understand the conversational basics of the Greek language. This article is not a substitute for a professional Greek learning program, but a helpful resource for people wanting to learn simple communication in Greek.
Categorized in: Learn How to Speak Basic Greek
This post was written by GreekBoston.com

They have just fallen in love, yet know little about each other. During a romantic walk through the forest, they try to connect. Answering her questions about important episodes from his life, he reveals himself to her. But his questions don’t elicit the answers he’d hoped to find, since “that’s not what this is about”… Erinnerungen (Memories in the english version) director Dennis Knickel shot this short within 10 days in 2009.“Memories” had screenings all over the world, mainly in the US and it won the award for best international short film at the International Film Festival in Marbella, Spain and the summer edition of Facebook’s OneCloudFest. It also got awarded with “The Thumb” from the public media center of Germany’s federal state Baden-Württemberg (Landesmedienzentrum) by what it officially gets recommended for school teaching.

10% Saving on the Single bag price. A special formula of compost for acid-loving plants such as Blueberries, Rhododendrons, Azaleas, Camellias and Heathers. Ericaceous plants needs to live in the correct soil for their vitamin needs- while lime-rich, high pH (alkaline) soil tends to bind the iron and other nutrients essential for healthy growth. Plants that need nutrients which are inaccessible in high pH soil are known as acid-loving (or lime-hating). If planted in normal, limey or alkaline soil, Ericaceous plants produce weak, yellow leaves and generally perform poorly.

Staying safe in times of Covid-19
When schools and nurseries, clubs and gyms as well as public authorities and public institutions reopen, effective hygiene measures will be an absolute must-have to keep people safe. Besides complying with hygiene rules, it is particularly important to have a smart floor marking system in place to help people keep at a safe distance, e.g. by using cones, domes, barrier tapes, markers, etc. Putting people’s safety first couldn’t be easier: the Sport-Thieme online shop offers a wide range of suitable products to keep people safe.

JSB Talks Digital is a weekly digital marketing and social media podcast hosted by author, strategist, consultant, speaker and trainer Joanne Sweeney-Burke. Each Friday Joanne shares her digital marketing and social media insights from her work as CEO of Digital Training Institute.
This special series of podcasts takes a forensic look at how individuals and organisations are embracing digital transformation.
Coming up in today’s show: why communications managers need to embrace social to leverage corporate messages
In this, the fifth in a series of special shows on Digital Transformation, I look at how corporate communications is changing in a social world.
- So coming up in today’s episode, I have a digital transformation conversation with Julia Bramble, Facebook Ads expert and founder of BrambleBuzz.
- In shout-outs: 3 tips to making your Facebook advertising campaign work for you
- In JSB’s column – Why amplifying your corporate message with social advertising is a good idea; and
- Find out what social media tool will bring your social advertising to the next level.
Interview with Julia Bramble | How Facebook Ads can be a corporate communicators best friend
I am delighted to be joined on today’s show by Julia Bramble, a former Forensic Scientist but now a social media strategist, consultant & speaker. She’s also a practitioner and trainer and writes for Social Media Examiner.
Based in beautiful Devon in the UK, Julia helps organisations bring results to their social advertising campaigns, particularly on Facebook, with her business BrambleBuzz.
Julia and I talk about the power of Facebook advertising to amplify corporate messages and that sales is not always the final outcome of a campaign.
So be sure to tune in if you want to hear Julia answer my questions:
Q1: While Facebook has a network from which we can drive business results such as leads, conversions, bookings, downloads, sign-ups and ultimately sales – there are other users who want something different from social advertising. I’m talking about amplifying a corporate message. In your experience what types of ads work best for this type of goal?
Q2: How do you manage the expectations of your clients when it comes to Facebook advertising? Surely they all want results but there’s so much to be done in advance of achieving that goal and the client needs to be will to work for it? So how do you temper a client’s enthusiasm and expectation?
Q3: With almost 2 billion people now using Facebook and their ad revenue spiralling to new heights, it means the cost per conversion is undoubtedly only going one way – up!
Q4: 42% of marketers report that Facebook is critical or important to their business. But how do you stand out from the crowd to get noticed when organic reach has plunged to 2% for many of us? And this includes on Facebook ads?
Q5: Let’s turn our attention to why Facebook Ads work – let’s talk about the emotional connection that many people miss when launching a campaign? Even though the algorithm does the scientific and analytical work, we know as social media marketers that getting an emotional connection with an audience is the secret ingredient to getting the most from your social advertising spend. So how does an organization need to do to achieve this?
Q6: Should organisations use Facebook Ads to build up their funnel from top to bottom, cold to hot and unaware to loyal? How long does this take and what should be their approach?
Follow Julia on Twitter @JuliaBramble
Like her Facebook Page
JSB’s Column |Should I amplify a corporate message with social advertising?
Public relations and reputation management is just as important as sales in your organization. Never forget that.
If you are an organization that needs to amplify a message, then here’s why you should consider using social advertising as a social marketing tactic.
Social advertising = targeted advertising. You can serve your message to precisely the audience that you believe needs to hear what you have to say.
The analytics and data that results from a social advertising campaign will tell you who has actually engaged with your message. This is critical to measure the success of your campaign.
Social advertising knits nicely in with an overall PR or corporate communications campaign. Your ads should complement your press release, media interviews and speeches. In fact, why not consider promoting a media interview.
By embarking on a social advertising campaign you can collect the digital footprint of those who are engaging with you by a piece of code called a pixel. This will help you build a community of people interested in your message and your organization.
Social is ubiquitous and we expect to hear from all types of organisations and agencies on social media. But social advertising by its very nature will help you craft your story and your message better.
Will you engage in social advertising? What outcome do you want to achieve and what message do you want to amplify?
If you want to have a Digital Transformation conversation with me. Simply drop me an email to firstname.lastname@example.org. Everything starts with a story or a conversation.
Shoutouts | Three Facebook Advertising Tips
In this part of the show I usually give shout-outs to brands, organisations and individuals whose work online is worth talking about.
But in today’s show I’m sharing three tips to run a successful Facebook Ad campaign.
- Did you know the Page Post Link ad is the most popular Facebook Ad type? This ad type is perfect for promoting your external website. AdEspresso, now owned by Hootsuite, analyzed the text, links, type, and CTAs of 111,018 Facebook ads that were created by 1,000s of companies over the course of a year and used on Facebook. They found that the page post link ad gained a popularity score of 75%.
Driving Facebook users to your website is something all organisations, particularly those with a corporate message to share should be doing. By clicking on your web link they are demonstrating an interest in you and your content. You can also use their data vis-à-vis the Facebook pixel to re-target them in similar campaigns in the future.
- Shout your message in 5 words or less. Short headlines grab attention and make visitors more inclined click to find more information. Sentiment analysis studies the emotional context of text. Most non-neutral Facebook ads show a slightly more positive tone. But negative words also generate more engagement than sentiment neutral text.
- Capture attention and increase engagement with video. To be effective, video ads have to accomplish two things: grab the user’s attention in 2-3 seconds and have a short duration, probably no more than 20 seconds total.
So if you are running a Facebook Ads campaign make sure you use my top 3 tips to increase engagement and conversions!
Social Media Tool of the Week: Pixel Caffeine
The social media tool that saved my working week this week is Pixel Caffeine by AdEspresso which is a free WordPress plugin.
In just a few simple clicks, you can begin creating custom audiences for almost any parameter you want – whether its web pages visited, products and content viewed, or custom and dynamic events.
- Instant Installation – get the Facebook pixel site-wide without typing a line of code – just a simple click.
- Advanced Custom Audiences – create audiences based on standard/custom events, referring sources (i.e. Twitter, Facebook, Google, etc.), categories/tags of content, specific URL parameters…literally almost anything you’d like!
- Facebook Dynamic Ads with WooCommerce – automatically track visitors based on what they viewed (product name, product category and product tags) and then dynamically re-target them with advertisements on Facebook or Instagram
Here’s what you can do with Pixel Caffeine:
- Create “category” audiences for your blog or website and then re-target these visitors with lead generation or direct sale campaigns
- Create audiences of people that viewed specific products and dynamically target them with specific incentives or coupons for exactly the products they viewed
- Create audiences of those that submit particular forms, click on certain buttons, or take certain actions while navigating or searching your website.
I love feedback
I’d love to know what you think about this episode. So please get in touch by commenting below or tweet me @tweetsbyJSB or send me a snap to jsbsnaps.

For several weeks the news media was preoccupied with events in Egypt. Once President Hosni Mubarak was ousted, there was little interest in popular uprisings in other parts of the Middle East. That is, not until the Arab world’s number one thug, Muammar al-Gaddafi began using machine guns, airplanes, and foreign mercenaries to sweep the streets clean of all those who dared to make their voices heard.
Gaddafi apparently suffers from delusions of divinity, or at least the belief that he is a messenger from God. Until recently he was considered one of the leading international terrorists. After admitting responsibility for the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 in 1980, Gaddafi joined the ranks of Middle Eastern dictators who enjoy the status of America’s allies.
Whether or not Gaddafi will join Mubarak in exile is not yet clear. Very little is coming out of Libya. The government is attempting to cut off all contact with the outside world. But in this age of internet technology, that is not easy to accomplish. Vivid images of government terrorism are getting out.
The Arab world is aflame. Hopefully, free people everywhere will take time off from their usual preoccupation with sporting events and reality TV shows to follow the unfolding events. It would be really nice, if the half or more Americans who haven’t the vaguest idea where Libya, Bahrain, Algeria, Yemen, etc. are located would take out a world map and look them up.
The people’s revolt in the Middle East is not, however, what I want to write about. Rather, I want to focus on the creation of news after the public became bored with the images of masses of people in Tahrir Square demanding the ouster of President Mubarak. For a couple of days, it seemed as though there wasn’t anything worthy of the news media’s attention, at least not anything that would help in the ongoing struggle for market share.
So where does a reporter find news, when there doesn’t appear to be any? Easy. Just focus the camera on Mississippi. One can usually count on someone in the Magnolia state saying or doing something stupid.
Since the effort to replace Colonel Reb with Smokey the Bear on steroids as the mascot for the University of Mississippi was no longer important to anyone other than a few diehard alumni, the network news media chose to report on a proposed vanity license plate. Here was another opportunity to make fun of Mississippi and Mississippians, especially since Governor Haley Barbour is being talked about as a possible GOP presidential candidate.
Mississippi currently offers its citizens around 100 vanity license plates. Why offer yet another? Well, why not? The more choices there are the more revenue for state coffers. All fifty states figured that out long ago. What is so special about some group wanting the state to issue a few new vanity plates?
In this case the group making the proposal is none other than the Sons of the Confederacy. They would like the state to offer a vanity plate honoring the Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest. Now if it were Bobby Lee, Stonewall Jackson, Joe Johnson, or one of the other well known and respected Confederate generals that they wanted to honor, no one would be upset. There would not be anything news worthy. But Nathan Bedford Forrest is an altogether different animal.
I seriously doubt that more than a few Mississippians knew who Bedford Forrest was, that is, until the Sons of the Confederacy lifted his name from deserved obscurity. Even fewer outside Mississippi would have been able to identify him, unless they were Civil War buffs or from Tennessee, Forest’s home state.
Forrest was not one of the Old South’s educated aristocrats. He was a self-made, self-educated commoner—“poor white trash” in old Southern lingo. He had many occupations, including riverboat captain, gambler, land speculator, plantation owner, and slave trader. According to his obituary in the New York Times, “He was known to his acquaintances as a man of obscure origin and low associations, a shrewd speculator, negro trader, and duelist, but a man of great energy and brute courage” (October 30, 1877).
There appears to be ample grounds for believing that General Nathan Bedford Forrest was also a war criminal. Most historians agree that Forrest was responsible for the massacre of around 600 Black Union soldiers and Southern Unionists at the Battle of Fort Pillow on April 12, 1864.
After the Civil War ended, Forrest spent the rest of his life trying to explain away the massacre. Well, not only that. He was one of the founders of what is called the “First Ku Klux Klan” (1865-1874), to distinguish it from the later versions. Forrest became the first Grand Wizard of the KKK in 1867.
So, Nathan Bedford Forrest is a very controversial historical figure. He was one of the most gifted generals of the Civil War, a fact acknowledged by both Union General William T. Sherman, and the Confederate General Joseph E. Johnson, who defended Atlanta during Sherman’s siege of that city. But he was also a slave trader and a leader of the KKK.
None of this would have been newsworthy, if it were not for the news media’s need for a sensational story in order to shore up ratings.
At a recent news conference, when the reporters should have been asking Governor Barbour about his plans to seek the Republican nomination to run for president in 2012, or his struggle to balance the budget for the state of Mississippi, or any number of important issues, they asked him about whether or not he would repudiate the Nathan Bedford Forrest memorial license plate. Suddenly the ongoing events in the Middle East, the war in Afghanistan, the economy, and other relevant topics were not as news worthy as Haley Barbour and a long dead and largely forgotten Confederate general. No wonder our country is going down the tubes.
Until next time, be good to all God’s creation, and always live under the mercy.

I know you’re thinking about whether or not to host an audience participation murder mystery in NJ, because I, Madame Cluedefti, expert on all things murder mystery, gazed inside my crystal ball and saw that you’re planning an event; (that, and the fact that an all-knowing search engine brought you directly to my blog, because – to be honest - crystal balls aren’t really as accurate as Google). In any case, you’ve found the right place for information on a unique, fun-filled audience participation murder mystery in NJ, for I can tell you everything you need to know about that subject. You’ve made an excellent choice to shift your event into high gear by hosting an audience participation murder mystery. An interactive event is always more fun for your guests than simply expecting them to pass time chatting about the weather. Of course, your guests should feel free to chat about the latest heat wave, snow storm, or rain shower if they wish … but an audience participation murder mystery in NJ will add action-packed excitement to your special occasion and create those exceptional moments and hilarious photos your guests will share on social media. (As for me, I’ll look for them in my crystal ball.)
The folks at Riddlesbrood Touring Theater Company are experts on audience participation murder mystery shows in NJ, and they also perform in PA, DE, MD and NY. An audience participation murder mystery is a winning idea for any event, whether you’re planning a birthday party, a reunion, a graduation, a wedding, or a holiday party. With an audience participation murder mystery, your guests can be part of the show, and some people love to participate. There are many ways this can be accomplished. Guests can be assigned parts in advance to read during the show, or a guest might be chosen randomly as a volunteer. In some shows, information about guests can be obtained prior to the show, then they’re worked into the plot during the performance. Most murder mystery companies ask the audience to follow clues presented throughout the show, then put them together at the end to guess who the killer is. There tends to be more excitement with an interactive murder mystery and the audience gets to laugh as others are put on the spot. Participation leads to bonding and your guests feel more like they’re part of it all.Now you may be wondering (because my crystal ball told me) if your guests will actually participate in an interactive murder mystery show or not. Well, let me assure you right away that the level of audience participation at your event is completely up to you and your guests. So if you’re not sure an audience participation murder mystery will work for your event, because you’re concerned your aunt Edna won’t want to play along in front of others, or your boss would be embarrassed to wear a silly hat on his head during the interrogation scene, or that your drama-queen niece would try to steal the show with her rousing rendition of “New York New York” fear not, for you can decide the level of participation that works for your group. You can even choose, in advance, who will participate, if you wish. If the majority of your guests are up for an adventure, then you may not want to predetermine anything, and simply allow the unforgettable moments to be completely spontaneous.
You determine how much audience participation to include.
Let the folks at Riddlesbrood Touring Theater Company help you decide which of our unique, original shows would be perfect for your event, and how it could be adapted for your group, if needed. The professionals at Riddlesbrood have over fourteen years’ experience and they can help you decide how much interactivity would be perfect for your gathering. For example if your guests are primarily young and/or the mood of your party lends itself to mingling and excitement, then more audience interactivity is likely to be a good thing. On the other hand, if your event is for seniors or the atmosphere of your event is more formal, then high levels of interactivity may not be well received.
An audience participation murder mystery at any level of audience interactivity is great for enhancing and developing relationships. Your guests will interact with each other and possibly learn new things about people they’ve known for years . . . like the fact that your brainiac sister has amazing powers of deduction and was able to identify the murderer halfway through the show! A murder mystery party challenges the brain. It polishes your guests’ rusty powers of deduction, so they’re able to put all the pieces together to solve the puzzle. If you’re organizing a corporate event, an audience participation murder mystery in NJ is a fun, creative way to stimulate morale and train coworkers to communicate more effectively, as well as sharpen their decision-making and listening skills.
Contact the Riddlesbrood Touring Theater Company today to discuss your audience participation murder mystery in NJ or any other show you may be interested in. For more information on shows available, visit Murder Mystery Party Packages or call them at 866-276-6399.

The enduring legacy of one of America’s most decorated composers has been the basis for launching the Marvin Hamlisch International Music Awards, aimed at recognizing and enabling the next generation of music composition talent.
NEW YORK, NY, September 23, 2020 /24-7PressRelease/ — The enduring legacy of one of America’s most decorated composers has been the basis for launching the Marvin Hamlisch International Music Awards, aimed at recognizing and enabling the next generation of music composition talent.
Following its tremendous success, the 2020-2021 Marvin Hamlisch International Music Awards expanded the competition categories to enable musicians to apply in the following musical genres: Composition for Musical Theatre, Film/Media Scoring, Classical Composition and Jazz Composition. Composers worldwide will be eligible to compete in categories for Youth (under 18) and Emerging Composers (pre-professional composers aged 18+) for a total of $10,000 in cash prizes in addition to sponsored prize packages including an opportunity to be considered for a music publishing agreement with Concord, one of our founding partners.
Composers from around the world are eligible and encouraged to compete, by registering online for the 2020-2021 Marvin Hamlisch International Music Awards. Registration is open till September 30, 2020 and works can be submitted till October 21, 2020; all detailed information can be found at www.hamlischawards.org.
The actual 2020-2021 awards ceremony and concert is planned for Monday, March 22, 2021 at Queens College’s Lefrak Concert Hall of the Kupferberg Center for the Arts in New York.
The Marvin Hamlisch international Music Awards is grateful for the support of its founding partners: Queens College, Concord, Caroline’s Cakes, the Aegon/Transamerica Foundation, ASCAP, Hal Leonard, Orange Tree Samples, MOTU, Embertone and Score a Score. Their generous contributions help expand the impact of the Marvin Hamlisch Scholarship fund at Queens College for many years to come.
More info about the contest;
The Marvin Hamlisch international Music Awards is a New York State registered charitable not-for-profit corporation, governed by a 11-member Board of Trustees with a 26-member Honorary Board of Trustees, comprised of members who were all close personal friends and colleagues of Mr. Hamlisch. The mission of the organization is to foster and champion a new generation of composers through an international music competition with the vision of recognizing talent and building a community of young composers worldwide.
For the original version of this press release, please visit 24-7PressRelease.com here

Starring: Brett Dalton, Anjelah Johnson-Reyes, DB Sweeney, Neil Flynn, Shawn Michaels
Directed By: Dallas Jenkins
Plot: Gavin Stone (Dalton) is a washed up child star who hits rock bottom, and is sentenced to 200 hours of community service at a church in his hometown. He has to stay with his estranged dad (Flynn), and works with the pastor (Sweeney) being a janitor. Then he finds out about the play they are doing, and falls for the director (Johnson-Reyes), and decides he would really like to be involved in the play for his community service. The role? Jesus.
What Works: Brett Dalton is endlessly likeable in this. If anything, this should serve as a casting video for Dalton, who doesn’t seem to really be doing a lot. He’s got all the charm and movie star looks to have a shot at being a real leading man. He carries this film, which is comprised mostly of C-list actors. I mean, I know DB Sweeney used to be good… but he’s not here. His charm, and the fact that this film avoids over preaching to its audience, actually made this somewhat of a surprise for me. I wasn’t sure I would like this film, and while it isn’t amazing or groundbreaking, I did enjoy watching it and it had its moments. Most of those are Dalton, who really should be given more to do. Casting agents… he’s better than this. He makes every scene work, no matter how silly or poorly written, or who he’s acting against.
What Doesn’t Work: Most of the supporting cast, except for Neil Flynn, who does some good work, are not good actors. They would barely survive a Hallmark film, and really drag down this theatrical release. Also, I hated everytime Dalton looked at his phone, it immediately brought up some weird app that was tracking his community service time by the second. It’s there for effect, I get that, but the audience isn’t stupid. Like, it’s his screensaver or something. The writing kinda borders on Hallmark too, but sometimes it does have its charm. We don’t get a lot of gradual growth from Gavin. He spends most of the movie being unquestioned by his peers, and has a wake up call near the end that signals his actual transformation. I think people would have picked up on his faking a little, and he would have needed to try harder, earlier in the script.
Final Word: Again, I was pleasantly surprised by this. It’s not a great film, but I kinda enjoyed watching it, and it made me notice Brett Dalton, who I hadn’t really noticed before. I know he was on Agents Of Shield, but I can’t really think of anything else off the top of my head. That’s why we have IMDB. He really has everything that we look for in our film stars, and this film serves as a showcase for how much better than this material he is. He carries this film on his back. Not that the film itself is 100% awful. It has it’s own charm at times, and Neil Flynn does a good job in his supporting role. If you’re a strong Christian, you’ll probably like this. If you’re not, you might like this too. It’s not heavy handed or overly preachy. They make his transformation happen without jamming a lot of scripture at you. If anything, it’s like a beginner’s guide to Christian films. It’s the film you start with, before moving on to heavier topics.
Final Grade: C+

Find the best organic lawn care services in Bensalem, PA. We've Got You Covered With Our Locally Developed Organic Lawn Care Programs. We offer great all-natural lawn care products and programs that help your yard be lush and green while free of chemicals.
We are a local lawn care company serving Southeastern PA that prides itself on honesty and communication with our customers. We provide superior customer service and years of industry experience and knowledge. Our programs are designed to give you a thick, green, healthy lawn while also improving the soil. We make the best recommendations for your lawn and can follow through like no other company.
EcoGreen Lawn Care offers Traditional environmentally sensitive lawn care and Organic lawn care programs. We practice IPM Integrated Pest Management which means we use pesticides only when necessary. We are your local organic experts.
Become an EcoGreen customer and not only will you have a lush green lawn but you will have peace of mind. Call us now (610) 624-8970
Collegeville PA, 19426 USA610-584-3266
Today we applied organic fertilizer with pre-emergent crabgrass control to green up the lawn.
End of content
No more pages to load

Everyone would like their job to be something they love. You’ve probably have thought yourself at various points. Wouldn’t it be great to turn something you’re passionate about into a paying job? Aside from job satisfaction you’ve already developed several useful skills to apply to your own business.
Photography is a common interest that translates well from hobby to profession. But there is a difference between being good at something and being able to make a business out of it. Many talented photographers fail in the photography business, and it’s not necessarily due to a lack of talent.
Starting any business requires a good deal of planning. Three areas to focus on are running the business, dealing with customers, and marketing.
Tips For Running A Successful Photography Business
As a business, your goals should be more than simply stay in business. Granted the first few years of any business are focused on survival, but goals help in that process. Specific goals allow you to focus your work and guide the direction of your business. Working aimlessly reduces your chances of success and limits growth opportunities.
Photography is a broad industry and it is also a very competitive one. Any successful business requires a business plan. A good business plan will cover what your exact niche is, your operating costs, competition, the overall market, and other factors.
Remember It’s A Business
While the creative drive and producing lovely photographs are a part of it first and foremost, you have to think about your customers. Part of this is producing what your clients want not necessarily what you want. Put your clients first and think of their satisfaction and what they want from your services.
Know What Your Time Is Worth
Pricing for your services is an important aspect of any business. Your time is valuable, and photography is more than just the act of taking pictures. There’s also travel, equipment, scouting, hiring models, and processing costs to take into consideration. You cannot buy more time so your price list should be clear and enforced. Also, when deciding on prices base them on your own business needs not the prices charged by local competitors.
Build A Portfolio
An online portfolio allows you to show potential clients what you offer them. It should be a collection of your best work with a focus on your unique skills. Your portfolio should also be its own website removed from the distraction of social media. You want visitors solely focused on your photographs.
Choosing a specific focus or niche helps your business stand out from the competition. When developing your business, you may take on a variety of projects outside of your area of expertise. However, once you have an established reputation specialization allows for more involved projects and better use of your skills.
Getting your name out there is essential to growing your customer base. Word of mouth and referrals are a powerful tool, but the current market trend tends toward your online presence. Setting up a website, online portfolio, and focused social media presence helps grow your brand’s success. Digital strategy in terms of both graphical and descriptive can have measurable and consistent returns in terms of exposure. Due to the complexities of modern marketing consider checking out The Web Union for more information to build presence and increase the visibility of your photography business.
Keeping your business in order saves you from wasting your time and increasing frustration. When your business is first starting lack of organization may not be a large problem. However, as you acquire more pictures, more clients, and more contacts the lack of an organized system becomes a larger issue. Have systems in place to keep photos, contact information, bills, invoices, and other business records in order.
Hire An Accountant
Even if you have a background in taxes and balancing a budget, you should still hire an accountant. They save your business money, and they save you time. By trusting an outside expert, you know your records are in order, done properly, and you can use the time saved by not having to do your own accounting on more important concerns.
Never Stop Learning New Skills
Photography like many other creative fields has seen technical advancements and changes in style trends. Photography is a part of it, but you should also develop other skills in video editing, software use, and be aware of industry changes. Think in terms of multimedia and never let your skills become outdated.
Talk To Your Clients
One of the best things you can do when meeting with clients is to ask a lot of questions. Your clients want to know how you can help them. So asking questions allows you to do a better job. Plus clients like it when you’re interested in what they want and truly listen to them. A lot of businesses lack that personal touch and many people are overjoyed at being treated like individuals who matter. Happy customers also lead to referrals and a good reputation which is highly valuable and something you can’t buy.
Things Take Time
Even widely successful businesses take time to grow to that level. Growing a customer base, improving marketing techniques, getting better at running a business, improving your customer skills, this all takes time. There are numerous aspects of running a business, and your skills will improve as you become more experienced. Remain patient and don’t become discouraged if things take time to develop.
Don’t let fear keep you from starting your own business. It’s not a discussion to be made lightly but once you’ve planned carefully and are in a position to do so take the opportunity. Your equipment may not be perfect but don’t let the lack of a five-figure camera stop you from pursuing your professional goals. Determination and work will build a business and equipment will be upgraded, but you have to be willing to take the first step. All businesses carry risks but if you never give yourself the chance to succeed you will never know if you can.

Valentine’s Day falls on a Thursday this year, giving restaurants a chance to spread the love through a long weekend. While a handful of chefs and restaurateurs have sounded off in The Wall Street Journal about their dread of the day, most will step up and serve meals and sweet treats consumers expect when they book a table for the most romantic night of the year.
Chocolate will be in the air as much as love. The second-most-popular snack year-round, chocolate takes the spotlight this week as doughnut chains and high-end dessert chefs share traditional and surprising ways to incorporate chocolate into the meal. Chains including Arby’s, IHOP and The Melting Pot are putting chocolate concoctions on display, Nation’s Restaurant News reports.
Dunkin’ Donuts got started early with ads for heart-shaped doughnuts, paired with dark-chocolate coffee drinks, according to media outlets including The Boston Globe. Not to be outdone, rival Krispy Kreme Doughnut has launched three Valentine’s Day doughnuts, as seen in the Miami New Times.
Giving a doughnut and a cup of joe might cut it when it comes to celebrating a teacher, friend or co-worker, but significant others typically expect more than a snack. Still, that doesn’t mean the treat has to be elaborate to show the love, Thomas Keller writes in the Los Angeles Times. His Pomme d’Amour is relatively simple. “There are only two elements — the crust and the pastry cream filling — but by making each as good as it can be, you wind up with a dish that, like all perfect pairings, is greater than the sum of its parts,” he writes.
More Valentine’s Day tidbits
- At NBCLatino, Latino chefs are sharing their favorite dishes for Valentine’s Day, including churros with warm chocolate sauce that chef Carmen Gonzales will serve at Carmen at the Danforth, her eatery in Portland, Maine.
- Deciding whether to spend your Valentine’s Day calories on dessert or wine? There might be no need, as some winemakers mix the chocolate and the grape, a “Today” blogger writes.
- New York Times wine guy Eric Asimov frowns on mixing candy and wine but allows that if one must have wine with sweets, such as his favorite salted caramels. Then, by all means, pick a Madeira or other fortified wine with the right mix of sweetness and acidity.
- When the traditional dozen red roses feels cliche, maybe it’s time to put the traditional flower on the menu. Rose water and rose hips offer a fragrant, flavorful touch to icing, pudding and other desserts, according to The Huffington Post.
Have you perfected a special Valentine’s Day dessert? Share a taste in the comments.
Image credit: DNY59, via iStockphoto

Serving the greater Phoenix area, Mesa, and surrounding cities
Tobler Law is a specialized law firm serving the greater Phoenix area, Mesa, and surrounding cities. Our legal team has selectively limited the size and focus of our practice to provide clients with the personalized attention and highly skilled representation they deserve.
Lorin Tobler, the founder of Tobler Law, began practicing law in 1972. He began his practice doing insurance defense work. However, he quickly realized that he wanted to help the injured, not the large corporations. Today his personal injury law firm has expanded into a family practice. His daughter, Maren Hanson, is now the lead litigation lawyer, licensed to practice law in Arizona, California, and Utah.
Your Accident & Injury Team
We like to refer to our firm as “Your Accident & Injury Team”, which reflects our practice in a number of ways. Over the years, while aggressively litigating personal injury claims on behalf of our clients, we have built extensive relationships in the community. We network with:
- Medical providers
- Mechanics (who evaluate/repair vehicle damage)
- Private investigators
- Medical professionals/expert witnesses
- Technical professionals for accident reconstruction
- Other professionals in specialized fields
We have also become very familiar with the adjusters and the legal staff of insurance companies. Our network and knowledge allow us to prepare strong cases. In addition, our firm is comprised of paralegals, legal assistants, and other staff who contribute to the team aspect of our practice. When you seek legal help at Tobler Law, you benefit not just from the efforts of your lawyer, but from the efforts of everyone on the team.
Our Focus on Personal Injury and Medical Malpractice
We handle all personal injury and medical malpractice cases; however, here are some of the more common cases:
While personal injury and medical malpractice cases may be complex and require sophisticated skills, our philosophy is simple. We are here for our clients, and our purpose is to:
- Get you well
- Pay your medical bills
- Get you compensation
Our goal is to make clients happy with the legal services we provide while aggressively pursuing their best interests through negotiated settlement or trial.
Our lawyers and staff invite you to explore the benefits of a relationship with our firm, visiting our law office in Mesa, Arizona. If you are unable to travel, a personal injury lawyer can visit you in the hospital or at your home.
To arrange a free consultation, contact a personal injury lawyer online or call 480-898-9700 today.

RAWALPINDI: The Environmental Protection Agency-Punjab (Punjab-EPA) has approved the 720 megawatt (MW) Karot Hydropower Project worth $1.4 billion.
The project is proposed to be built on the Jhelum River near village Karot in Kahuta tehsil in Rawalpindi district. The proposed project site is 65 kilometres from Rawalpindi city.
The hydropower project would be developed privately by a Chinese company and would be transferred to the government after 30 years of operation, according to the Power Generation Policy 2002. The project will be connected to the national electricity grid in the year 2020.
“The Punjab-EPA, in Rawalpindi, approved the project after receiving the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) report. The report has now been sent to Lahore for final approval. The Punjab-EPA director general will soon announce the date for the public hearing of the project,” District Officer Mian Muhammad Nawaz told Dawn.
He said the Rawalpindi-EPA recommended that the private company developing the project ensure that there are green spaces around the project site. “The project is likely to improve agriculture in this arid area, rather than having a negative impact,” he said.
In November 1984, the Water and Power Development Authority (Wapda) carried out ranking studies and identified possible sites for the development of hydropower plants along the Jhelum River. The site at Karot was among those identified as potential sites for hydropower generation. The ranking studies were carried out by Wapda’s Hydro Electric Power Organisation for NWFP province (now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) and German consultancy firm GTZ.
However, since the identification of the site, no further development took place until 2007 when the site was offered as an Investment Power Project (IPP) by the Private Power Infrastructure Board (PPIB).
Plant expected to contribute 720MW of electricity to the national grid by 2020
A group of Pakistani and Chinese investors were awarded the contract for the development of the hydropower generation plant. A feasibility report was prepared in March 2014, which suggested that the main axis of the dam should be downstream and it should be a rock-fill type dam.
Commissioner Zahid Saeed told Dawn the project required 2,400 kanals in Kahuta tehsil in the Rawalpindi district and would also require some land in Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) as Kahuta borders AJK.
The commissioner said the Punjab government has decided that land procurement would be the investor’s responsibility.
“The Chinese investor would start procuring land soon and the government will provide assistance to the company. However, the government would be involved in negotiations over prices of land and this would be decided between the landowners and the company,” he said.
Published in Dawn March 2nd , 2015

Search using our robust engine. Get the recommendations you need to get ahead.
Browse through our expansive list of legal practice areas.
Work where you are or where you’d like to be. Find where you’ll work with LawCrossing.
Use our marketplace to feature your opportunity
Start your search today
Set up your account and manage your company profile on LawCrossing
Look through and compare company profiles
Learn from legal expert, Harrison Barnes
Discovery salaries and scope your next job
Don’t just take it from us
How to Attract Success
Why You Should Never Miss a Company Holiday Party or Invitation to Your Boss’s Home
USD 140000 Annually
5-6 yrs required
May 25, 2022
Sep 07, 2022
Jan 27, 2022
Employment and Labor General Counsel
The candidate will be drafting responsive pleadings, handling all aspects of the discovery process, and drafting motions, including motions for summary judgment. Handling a practice that includes DOL Audits and EEOC charges, including defending investigations, preparing position statements, defending clients in fact-finding conferences and on-site visits, representing clients in mediations and conciliations, and negotiating settlements. Should have 5-6 years of experience in labor and employment litigation and counseling. Should have Title VII experience. Must also have employment litigation experience. Should have 5+ years of general labor and employment law experience. Experience with drafting and implementing company employment policies is required. Experience with California employment law is a plus.
Hiring CoordinatorAMC LLC.6915 South 900 EastMidvale, UT 84047
Tell us where to send your access instructions:
Enter your mobile number to get a reminder to apply later.

Want to hear one of the worst things I’ve ever done?
I saw Kay kissing another guy shortly after we broke up but were still fucking, fucking the night before, in the dirtiest of ways because at that point, why not. I scaled the building somehow, I think I grabbed wires, hopped onto fire escape, and climbed up to her second floor studio window. I knocked, breaking their embrace. She let me in. I confronted them, holding in a rage. I remember asking them to at least wait until I moved out, I told them I still loved her. I told him that Kay and I had just fucked the night before, Kay told me to shut up, said I was disgusting. My mania must have scared her. I couldn’t handle seeing her kissing him, I didn’t even understand why, the heart of my brain forever confused by the mother who leaves, returns, tells me “someday I will understand love” as she leaves, returns, has the car set on fire up by her ex-convict boyfriend, leaves, I don’t understand my heart/dick, I can’t figure out XXXXX Section deleted because scarecrows shouldn’t talk about their own history of being abused; they will say that’s why you have a predilection for predation, that’s why you grew up to be a bad man, a bad kid, in high school, working at Big Dogs Sweatshirt Co, loving fucking, everyone fucking in the mall, everyone in high school fucking in Big Dogs. The store I worked at specialized in sweaters to be worn too big. Huge sweaters were a thing in the late 1990’s, at least in Niagara Falls. I worked with a young woman, a year or two older than me, she lived downtown, nice, gorgeous and tough, always swearing and talking shit. She didn’t finish high school and I wanted to fuck her, and we hung out once and she offered me heroin and I got scared. I was way too musical theatre for this girl, in over my head. I think I’m harder than I am; mostly, I like chilling out, just a slime-encrusted bonehead with comedy and tragedy mask tattoos, an abuser who never abused (pairs well with those who want to have an abuser without having to be abused), who watches too much hockey (and is a liar), struggles to write this (and has exploited people), goes to bed early (and is a maniac with abandonment issues who absolutely loves fucking) and I never identified as a “survivor”, but I’ll start identifying as one if I overcome being accused of being an abuser. My Accuser > My Abuser.
What an ugly thought. So much ugliness. Ugly to cheat on so many partners; Ugly to lie about it; Ugly to be so out of control that it can scare people; Ugly for accusers to abuse the word abuse; Ugly to cloak vengeance behind moral duty; Ugly for a shitty lover to call on the nuclear solution of a call-out to ensure the other shitty lover alone suffers the consequences for a shitty relationship; Ugly if accusations were made as a way to absolve oneself of their own complicity and guilt; Ugly to tell someone you hope they kill themself and die alone; Ugly to rally others to shun, dehumanize and destroy a human being out of personal vendettas and shits and giggles ugly to peepee on the couch after a dance party to harass and threaten friends and loved ones if they don’t come out against the accused to combat your struggles by erasing a less powerful surrogate fake your suicide to keep your lover from leaving you love them when you are just afraid to lose them call and text someone you treated like shit beg them fuck your mistress in your girlfriend’s bed to omit details when you know they would weaken your argument not take enough accountability because you are just too angry and feel it’s far too late for it’s all ugly, or none of it is in this wild jungle of wonder and muck.
I wish I had never climbed up to Kay’s studio window, I regret doing it, I regret saying those things. I just couldn't let it go. I grabbed his skateboard and smacked him across the face with it. He fell back, knocked out, and I took off his glasses and snapped them in half and stole his wallet. Kay was screaming for me to stop. Then I started hammer-fisting his unconscious head. Kay tried to pull me away, and I grabbed her, lifted her over my head, and threw her out the window, right into a butcher’s dumpster.
No, I'm lying. I didn’t really do all that. I embellished the story to make me seem worse than I am. It’s easily done.

Display Kit, CD-5LG GPS
The CD-5 color digital displays feature a super bright, high contrast, sunlight readable 5 inch display and include an integrated glare diffuser and shade hood so that they are readable in even the brightest daylight conditions. They are designed to accept channels from CAN bus connections and do not include analog inputs. Two CAN bus channels are included so that it can receive and collect data from AEMnet enabled devices such as the Infinity ECU, Series 2 EMS or EMS-4, and 3rd Party Devices (see Supported Apps Tab), including PDM’s, CAN sensor modules and programmable engine management systems. Third-party systems will require download of 3rd party DBC CAN bus protocol files for proper operation if they are not included in our setup software. We currently have over 150 validated 3rd party applications, and offer a CD-7 Power Cable to simplify the installation of 3rd party devices. We have also developed 3rd Party Plug & Play Adapter Cables for certain applications, which are highlighted on our Supported Apps Tab and can be viewed on our Install Kits Tab.
Seven ultra-bright LEDs span the top of the display housing for RPM and shift light indication. Users can program them to ascend in specific increments based on RPM range, and flash when it is time to shift. Brightness is user programmable on the fixed color LEDs. Two large buttons are included on the face of the display, allowing easy page changing and memory resetting even with driving gloves on. These button functions are also duplicated on the rear connector allowing the user to mount remote buttons on the steering wheel if desired. Two additional programmable LEDs are located above the toggle buttons on the sides of the housing.

Breast Enlargement Pills - Are They Safe?
If you are considering having a breast enlargement surgery, you may be wondering if natural breast enlargement pills are safe to take. While they can provide results, you should also be aware of the side effects. Every person is different, so not all products will work for every woman. Before you decide to use a natural breast enlargement pill, you should read the ingredient list. You should also be aware of the side effects that you can experience.
Fortunately, most companies that offer these products have a refund policy, which is a great way to ensure your satisfaction. And hey, always read reviews, they tell a lot about a company. But yeah, let's get to the good stuff...
Another option is to use a cream (our cream, for example).
This is a more natural way to get larger breasts without causing side effects or harming your body. The problem with a cream or lotion is that it can add weight to your entire body, and it's not healthy for your body, so you need to be extra careful. A good product will also contain a firming patch that will reduce the sagging appearance of your breasts.
A cream that contains botanical ingredients is the best choice for breast enlargement. It will not add weight to your body and will not cause any side effects. Plus, it's safe for the area around your breasts, and it's effective and time-efficient. You'll also have the added benefit of a free handbook that will teach you how to take care of your body naturally. If you want to avoid these side effects, the best natural breast enlargement product is Bella's Cream (Naturaful and other products have too many shady practices and bad reviews).
A natural cream is a good choice for increasing your breast size. It should be applied twice daily, once in the morning after showering and again in the evening before bed. You should massage the cream into your skin for at least 60 seconds each time. The creams will quickly absorb into your skin and leave no residue. If you're not satisfied, you can return the product and get a full refund. These breast enhancement creams are effective, safe and can improve your breasts dramatically.
Some people have great success with breast enlargement pills. They can help you achieve the ideal size you've always wanted. Some of the natural products contain natural ingredients and don't have side effects, making them a great alternative for women who don't want to undergo surgery. They can be used to enhance their breast size in a natural way. And the benefits are permanent, so why wait any longer? If you are not satisfied with your results, try a natural method and enjoy the fullness you deserve.
If you're looking for a natural breast enlargement pill, you should look for one that is effective. Often, these supplements are ineffective and only have temporary effects. Check the ingredients carefully before purchasing. Moreover, a breast enlargement pill needs to be safe to take. You should be aware of any side effects that you may experience from a product. You should never take pills unless they are recommended by a doctor.
Despite the fact that there are no side effects of natural breast enlargement pills, they don't guarantee the same results. If you're looking for an affordable solution, you should buy an over-the-counter pill instead of a natural breast enlargement supplement. These pills may give temporary results, but they can also interfere with fertility and menstruation. However, you must be aware of the possible risks associated with these products.
Natural breast enlargement supplements aren't as effective as surgery. Although there are many natural products, the best option is one that doesn't require any prescriptions. It's important to be careful when selecting a product that's safe for you. It's important to know what to look for in a supplement. Taking a product that contains ingredients that aren't harmful to your health is an excellent way to increase your breast size. It doesn't require any artificial chemicals or side effects.
You can also use a cream that contains plant-based ingredients like Yam. This wild plant contains a chemical called diosgenin, which is toxic to the human body. But this plant is capable of making various steroid hormones, including estrogen. This plant is safe to consume, and it is safe for most women. In addition to being safe, it is also effective for men. And since the ingredients are natural, it's easy to make it work for you.

A confortable 42m2 appartment, ground floor, it is designed for two people, north-south exposure, overlooking the garden and nature.
– A room with a double bed (160×200)
– A bathroom with walk in shower
– Separate WC,
– A living-dining room, bar and kitchen fully equipped (oven, microwave, induction hob, extractor, dishwasher, fridge and mini freezer, coffee maker, toaster …)
HD flat screen TV, DVD and CD player in the lounge.

Our guest is Sylvan Mishima Brackett, who is the chef and owner of Izakaya Rintaro in San Francisco’s Mission district. Shortly after its opening in 2014, Rintaro was included in Bon Appetit magazine’s Top 10 New Restaurant list and has been beloved by many diners for the last 8 years.
Born in Japan and raised in California, Sylvan has a unique and beautifully balanced approach to Japanese food culture. He also worked for the iconic American chef Alice Waters for years who has deeply influenced his view of food.
In this episode, we will discuss why the son of a Japanese temple carpenter decided to become a chef, Sylvan’s apprenticeship at traditional restaurants in Japan, how he integrates Japanese and American food cultures at his restaurant Rintaro, his favorite Japanese kitchen equipment, and much, much more!!!
Are you a business owner? Become an HRN business member! For $500 HRN will shine a light on your work AND you will help sustain our mission to expand the way people think about food. As a thank you for this tax-deductible donation, your business will receive on-air mentions, social media posts, listings on our website and more. Go to heritageradionetwork.org/biz to become a business member today
Heritage Radio Network is a listener supported nonprofit podcast network. Support Japan Eats by becoming a member!
Japan Eats is Powered by Simplecast.

Meet John O. Akers, D.D.S.
Dr. Akers has been in private practice and a forerunner in the specialty of dental implants since 1981. He was the first oral surgeon in the state of Florida to perform simultaneous maxillary and mandibular Teeth in an Hour procedure. Dr. John Akers works with the area’s best dentists to provide his patients with teeth in the same day. His extensive experience allows him to offer patients the highest quality care that is available in dental implantology.
Dr. Akers grew up in Daytona Beach, Florida. He has always had a passion for helping people. At the early age of five he knew his calling was to be a doctor. Dr. Akers has a love for the outdoors. He enjoys hunting, fishing, and traveling the world with his family.
After receiving his Bachelors of Science degree from Presbyterian College, Dr. John O. Akers, D.D.S., went on to earn his doctor of dental surgery at the Medical College of Virginia’s School of Dentistry. His internship was held at the Rush Presbyterian St. Luke’s Medical Center, followed by two residency programs at the Medical University of South Carolina: one in pediatric dentistry and one in oral and maxillofacial surgery. Dr. Akers is a board certified by the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Dr. Akers holds memberships in the following professional organizations:
- American Association of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons
- American Dental Society of Anesthesiology, Fellow
- Florida Dental Society of Anesthesiology
- Volusia-Flagler Dental Association, Central District, Past President
- Florida Society of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons
- Southeastern Society Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons
- International Congress of Oral Implantologists
- American Dental Association
- Florida Dental Association
- International Association Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons
- American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery, Fellow
- Ormond Beach Rotary
- Dental Implants
- Wisdom Teeth
- General Oral Surgery
- Orthognathic Surgery
Florida Oral & Facial Surgical Center is a State-of-the-Art facility that creates a comforting atmosphere for patients is also a setting for educational seminars given by Dr. John Akers.
Dr. Akers and his team at the Florida Oral & Facial Surgical Associates are proud to offer full scope oral maxillofacial & cosmetic surgery to patients in Daytona Beach, Palm Coast, New Smyrna Beach, Titusville, Deltona, Port Orange and Ormond Beach, FL.
Dr. Akers is married to Jennifer and has two children, Jesse Akers Reagin, D.M.D. and William Akers IV, D.C. and four grandchildren. They reside in Ormond Beach, Florida.

By Attorneys Maria Brownell and Kristin Cooper
On August 4, 2020, Governor Kim Reynolds announced the availability of $125 million in federal CARES Act funding for the purpose of reimbursing Iowa's city and county governments' COVID 19 response expenses. Governor Reynolds has allocated $60 million to reimburse city governments, $40 million to reimburse county governments, and $25 million to reimburse local cost-share requirements associated with FEMA Public Assistance funding.
Covered expenses may include personal protective equipment (PPE), sanitizing products, testing equipment, public health and public safety payroll costs related to the public health emergency, technology and equipment necessary to maintain services and meetings while social distancing, among others. Local governments may claim up to 25% of payroll costs for public health employees and 25% of payroll costs for public safety employees as payments for services substantially dedicated to mitigating or responding to the COVID-19 public health emergency. Payroll expenditures incurred between March 1, 2020 and December 30, 2020, which were approved and budgeted by March 27, 2020, are presumed to be qualifying payments eligible for reimbursement. Communities that have made payments pursuant to contracts for public safety services may be eligible to apply for reimbursement.
Prior to requesting these state reimbursement funds, local governments must first submit eligible expenses to FEMA for reimbursement through the Public Assistance program. Local cost-share expenses required by FEMA and other claims can then be submitted to the Iowa COVID-19 Local Government Relief Fund for reimbursement.
In advance of submitting a claim, local governments must also pass a local resolution stating their claims' adherence to all applicable state and federal guidance and a recognition of liability for repayment of distributed funds due to misrepresentation. The Iowa League of Cities has drafted a form resolution in conjunction with the Governor's office. As of the date of this alert, the League's form resolution was under review by the Governor's staff. The most current version of the League's draft resolution can be found here. Specific questions regarding the resolution seeking reimbursement should be directed to legal counsel.
The first deadline for submitting claims for expenses incurred from March through July 2020 is September 15, 2020. Local governments are encouraged to approve the necessary authorizing resolution and apply through the State's web-based portal for reimbursement early.
Additional information on expense eligibility and fund requirements is available here and here.
Please note this is only a summary of the Iowa COVID-19 Local Government Relief Fund program. Details on the program are still emerging.
If you have any questions about reimbursement claims for COVID-19 related expenses, feel free to contact one of the members of Ahlers & Cooney's Public Finance Group. We will continue to monitor and review the most recent information on the relief fund.
Special thanks to Summer Associate Logan Brundage for his work in the preparation of this Client Alert.

The following is the third in a weekly series of articles about a “day in the life” of companies at the MakeOffices coworking space in Clarendon. The mini-series, which will run this fall, is sponsored by MakeOffices.
Move over Willy Wonka, the employees at SharpSeat are now the ones offering golden tickets. Whether for concerts or sporting events or theater performances, SharpSeat hooks up secondary market buyers with their dream tickets. The service essentially “is like StubHub, but cheaper,” say co-founder Andrew McCulloch.
He and the other two co-founders, Mike Williams and Brad Kurtzman, met while attending James Madison University and moved to Northern Virginia to take jobs after graduating. They attended a lot of ticketed events upon moving to the area and found themselves giving advice to friends looking to buy good tickets, too. But there was one major problem.
“There’s a ton of fees that we got sick of paying when shopping around on other sites,” McCulloch says. “We saw an opening in the secondary ticket market.” That’s when they decided they could do it better.
The three did a lot of research on secondary market ticket sales and ended up using their industry knowledge to start SharpSeat as a side project. “We found the average person didn’t know to look any further than Stubhub for secondary [tickets]. We saw an opportunity there to give them a better alternative,” Williams says.
They all eventually left their jobs to work full-time on SharpSeat. “We basically wanted to find a way to make tickets cheaper for the end customer,” McCulloch says. “We knew if we could find a way to keep costs down and still get access to the same tickets the big guys were getting, we could pass the savings on to customers.”
Their average day is a lot different now. The employees live in Virginia Square — two live together and the other lives down the street — so the MakeOffices Clarendon location where they work makes for an easy commute.
“One of the best parts is not having the commute around D.C.,” McCulloch says. He also found it important to stop working from home every day. “Keeping work and life separate was big for me because working in my kitchen all the time I’m [distracted]… Plus, here we’re surrounded by a bunch of other entrepreneurs that are getting things done.”
Being among other entrepreneurs has helped the employees stay motivated when doing their daily tasks, which include maintaining the website, coordinating with site developers, researching what events are coming up and fielding calls from the customer service team. And according to Williams, one of the big challenges they constantly face is marketing.
“For every business, [marketing] is probably 90 percent of the battle,” he says. “Just getting the word out there and getting people to visit the site, more than just your family and friends.”
Thanks to the business’ growth since launching two years ago — there is currently about $2 billion worth of tickets listed on the site, although it fluctuates seasonally — the team recently has been able to hire out for help with that marketing burden.
“Now we’ve hired a marketing firm to help us and we’re really looking to expand,” Kurtzman says. “This is our first business so we kind of learn as we go. We had to teach ourselves everything.”
They also outsource much of the customer service to a team in Chicago, but not all of it. The co-founders all use their venue expertise to give advice to customers who contact them looking for tips on purchasing the best tickets.
“So often people ask what’s the best value and where’s the best place to sit,” says McCulloch. “We know where you’re going to get a better value… Just little intricacies like that help out when we’re talking to clients.” Williams agrees, adding, “We have good knowledge of all the D.C. venues so we help people out” with getting the best ticket for their money.
To remain experts in the industry, the three often do offsite work — attending different types of events locally as well as traveling to other cities to check out their venues. “Obviously, it’s really fun to do that, but it is a part of what we have to do [for research],” Williams says.
Kurtzman explains that traveling to sites is how they gain knowledge of the best seats so they can offer direct customer support. “StubHub doesn’t really do that kind of thing,” he says.
When the SharpSeat employees aren’t traveling, they take advantage of the amenities in the MakeOffices Clarendon coworking space.
“Getting dedicated office space around here… is pretty unrealistic, especially for a small company like us,” says Williams. “Even for something half as nice as this, if you want a dedicated space the rents around here are so much that it just never really made sense to us. When this space opened up we couldn’t believe how cheap it was for what you get.”
One of the perks included in that price is a set of rotating taps of regionally-brewed beers. The SharpSeat co-founders say they like to head to the kitchen to try out new brews, relax and meet employees from the other businesses in the coworking space.
“Plus, I love the massage chairs,” Brad says, as the others laugh. “I usually use them once a day.”
Between the MakeOffices benefits and the satisfaction of doing a job they love, the SharpSeat team experiences something many typical employees don’t: They actually enjoy going to work.
“At my old job, I hated going to work. Now I love coming to this office,” Kurtzman says. Williams agrees, saying with a smile, “It’s kind of crazy that we’re voluntarily coming into an office after we wanted so badly to get out of one.”
Just Reduced includes a 4 BD/2.5 BA brick home with a walk out basement and patio.
Update at 9:40 p.m. — All lanes have reopened, Arlington County says. Update at 6:40 p.m. — The southbound lanes have reopened but the northbound lanes are expected to remain…
Enjoy alpacas, farmers markets and more at the Loudoun County Spring Farm Tour May 21-22.
A local man raised nearly $2,000 holding a yard sale this past weekend to help children impacted by the war. Constantin a Ukrainian-American who lives in Arlington’s East Falls Church…

Goldman Sachs is leaning into embedded finance: other banks should take note
Goldman Sachs broke the fintechnet this week when it launched its developer portal, intentionally allowing companies to ‘embed finance’ within their organisation using their Banking as a Service (BaaS) offering. Hari Moorthy, Goldman’s Global Head of Transaction Banking, referred to it as “the financial cloud for corporates.”
Cue a flurry of emails inside every large bank from CEOs wondering how seriously they should take this.
Take it seriously. Take it very seriously.
The past decade has seen several companies enabling the beginnings of BaaS. Bond, Galileo, Marqeta, Privacy.com, Synapse and Wise have all made building a neobank or embedding finance within an offering better, faster and cheaper. This has led to the birth of accounts from Chime, Credit Karma, Doordash and countless others.
And it’s an incredibly lucrative opportunity. Matt Harris thinks this market could create $3.6 trillion of new market cap by 2030. The Cornerstone Advisors estimate that it will create $230 billion in revenue by 2025. (These are both USA stats, but extrapolate them to Europe and Asia and you can really see the potential.)
We need to take a closer look at Goldman's strategy here.
This is them entering the transaction banking space, which, historically, has fallen behind consumer banking when it comes to ease of use. As we showcased in our ‘1% finished’ video, we've seen fintech do consumer, SMB and wealth, to name a few. But so far, it's not really solved problems for mid-cap and large corporates.
This is an area the big banks still rule, but the experiences corporate companies receive are poor. It’s no exaggeration to say that most corporate banking portals look like they're stuck in the 90s.
We've seen fintech do consumer, SMB and wealth. But it's not really solved problems for mid-cap and large corporates.
At this level, banking is still relationship-driven; it involves senior bankers talking with CFOs and Chief Treasury Officers over dinners and at conferences. We know that corporate Treasuries worry about two things:
When it comes to cash, businesses wonder “Is it working hard enough?”; “Am I collecting it fast enough?”; “Can I fund all of my operations?”
And secondly, risk is everything - from FX and market volatility, to hedging and much more.
Banks convince themselves that this is what their clients want (and to a degree, they're right), but digital clients have broader expectations.
In our recent BaaS report, we split brands into four different quadrants:
Digital non-finance businesses need greater control of payment engines. Imagine you’re Spotify: you need to collect payments globally, in countless currencies, via numerous banks. The complexity of banks’ offerings makes simple things like refunds far too hard in the current system.
I spoke to one corporate treasury team who runs an app store (of sorts), who found that in some countries, they're having to pay SWIFT fees of $40 to receive $0.99 of revenue. Then, if the customer wants a refund, they're paying $40 to send the $0.99 back.
Banks have sensible ways to manage this, and SWIFT GPI helps. But the experience of digital businesses is still dealing with complex bank systems that are too difficult and manual - especially compared to their own internal IT infrastructure.
Digital businesses operate globally, in real-time, 24/7. Yet the banks are still offering digital businesses batch uploads as a primary channel. When banks do offer APIs, those APIs are sub-standard, and it’s all packaged up with no sandbox and horrible documentation, plus onboarding takes at least 6 months. Banks view "having APIs" as the goal, not "being an API-first business." It’s chalk and cheese.
“If the future of finance is embedded, the future of banking has to be more of an "intel inside" model.” I’ve heard this a few times this week. It’s a great metaphor, but it's also broken. With APIs, much of the quality comes from the service wrapper. Banks need outstanding APIs and a comprehensive service model wrapped around that.
Banks need outstanding APIs and a comprehensive service model wrapped around that.
Goldman has opened many of the tools it uses to manage complex, global market products as APIs in its developer portal. It's focusing on documentation, developer experience and an operating model designed to be API-first.
So banks: if you’re taking this seriously, we hope you’re making notes.

Season 4 of Apex Legends titled Assimilation is finally here and to kick things off, Respawn Entertainment has introduced a ton of back story for Season 4, we were scheduled to get “Forge” a new legend but after his apparent murder, it looks like we will be getting the Revenant in Apex Legends.
The back story has been shrouded in mystery while Apex Legends have done their all to keep things hidden, but data miners have been able to get their hands on the Revenant.
The back story shows a man plotting the murder of a man who is with his family in a restaurant, as the trailer shows, the Revenant used to be a young man before he used cybernetics to turn himself into a ruthless killer.
Apex Legends takes its background from the lore of Titanfall series and have used settings and backdrop from the game, while there is no new Titanfall sequel announced in development it won’t be a surprise if we got to see some of the characters in the game.
The person that Revenant takes down in the Season 4 trailer is a thief for hire and it looks like someone has tasked our newest legend with a bounty to take him down. After the carnage that the Revenant has already caused, it will be interesting to see how he cooperates in the game with the other legends.
Season 4 Assimilation will begin on February 4th, 2020 and is available for PC, Xbox One and PS4.

Cherish a beautiful moment at a location. It could be your first date, first kiss, new home, hometown
Cherish a precious date. It could be your first date, first kiss, birth of a child, achievement of your wildness dream or the date that changes everything about you
Capture your moments with movements. A canvas with scan-able video.

“The mug is cracked,” my husband announced, “We can’t use it any more.” The end of my favorite coffee vessel.
“Due to the extent of the visible and anticipated repair cost to your vehicle, it has been deemed a total loss” the email read. My faithful wheels stolen by a fender-bender.
“Mark’s uncle passed this morning,” my husband’s mother texted. A life cut short due to a deadly virus.
“She’s with Jesus now,” my Bible study leader reported. A merciful end to pain and suffering.
Dozens killed in a bomb blast in Afghanistan. Senseless death at the hands of evil in a nation far away.
Losses never end. Some are small and sentimental. Others leave an impact yet are manageable. Some are life altering. And others are signs of mercy and goodness.
Jesus experienced loss. He left heaven to become like us (Philippians 2:6–8). His earthy father died, his cousin brutally beheaded (Matthew 14:9–10). He possessed no home (Matthew 9:58), no paying job (Luke 8:1–3). And his friend betrayed him (Luke 22:4–6).
Jesus grieved his losses. He spent time in solitude following his cousin’s murder (Matthew 14:10–13), wept when his friend Lazarus died (John 11:35), and expressed his own deep sorrow (Luke 22:41–44) before his death. While Jesus gives us permission to mourn and we know that we have hope in eternity (1 Thessalonians 4:13), it still hurts. Author Carolyn Custis James writes:
[Paul’s] words have come to also mean that, in some sense, we sorrow less than others. I think instead … that we sorrow more, not less, and in our sorrowing we are entering in some mysterious way into God’s sorrow.1
I wrote about loss several times last year. After all it was 2020 and worldwide we were experiencing grief in unique ways. A year later I’m on this topic again proving we need a better way to handle its frequency.
I propose that we find a way to mourn losses as a normal rhythm of life so that they do not accumulate and become too heavy to bear, leading to more serious issues such as burnout and depression. I propose the “spiritual discipline of mourning”:
- List your losses (include secondary ones) daily, weekly, or at the very least, monthly. Name them, no matter how big or small, out loud, in writing, to a friend, or simply in prayer.
- Allow yourself to feel whatever comes up and express it appropriately—cry, lament, journal, chop wood.
- Cast your burdens on the Lord (Psalm 55:22) and receive comfort from him (Psalm 34:18). Turn to Scripture for help, insight, and strength.
- Choose a way to let it go—cross items off as you work through your grief, burn the list, tear it up, and create a piece of artwork with the shreds.
Practicing this discipline doesn’t mean you will never feel sadness again. It just means you can move forward. As psychologist Connie Befus explains:
Mourning our losses allows us to let go. Only then do we have the emotional space to open ourselves to new people, new experiences.2
So I took a photo of my mug, then chucked it in the trash and sat down to write about it. I mentally released my car as I completed the paperwork for the insurance company. I wrote a sympathy card to my aunt pledging to pray for her. I wrote a lament for those suffering overseas. I mourned privately for my Bible study buddy so that I can receive new friendships.
I’ll probably write another list next week.
What recent losses (big and small) have you experienced?
How can you mourn your losses as part of your regular rhythm of disciplines?
Lord Jesus, it comforts me to know that you understand loss and you showed your sadness by weeping. I am tempted to make light of my small losses because there are many in the world whose sorrow is much greater. However, this is my life, my lot, and I am responsible for doing business with the grief in my soul. I cast my cares on you, Lord, and receive your comfort and grace.
1Carolyn Custis James, Half the Church: Recapturing God’s Global Vision for Women (Grand Rapids, MI: Zondervan, 2011), 142.
2Connie Befus, Sojourner’s Workbook: A Guide to Thriving Cross-Culturally (Orlando, FL: Bottomline Media, 2018), 33.

I just published a new version of my website 🥳 I wrote it last year but didn't have energy to fix a few things... but it's done! And I added some new images :D
You can take a look here: https://abramek.art/
@AnnaHow is it done? Which software? I am looking for something for gallery update.
@madargon It's all hand-written by me 😅 It's pretty simple code in HTML and CCS only though, so if you want to look into it I used this website for tutorials on responsive grid etc. https://www.w3schools.com/
A newer server operated by the Mastodon gGmbH non-profit

Their first shows together in 15 years will take them across the United States, through London and Paris, and into Nigeria and Ghana this November and December.
Check out the 12 dates below. The group will also play a pop-up show at an undisclosed New York location tomorrow (September 22).
Fugees broke out with The Score in 1996, a wildly successful second album that made them household names with singles such as “Ready or Not” and “Killing Me Softly.”
Over the next decade, the group hung together despite internal rifts, legal trouble, and solo sidelines—including Hill’s landmark, Grammy-sweeping Miseducation album—before conclusively splitting in 2006, at least in part due to romantic complications between Jean and Hill, according to Jean’s memoir.
Pras Michel said in 2007 that there was “a better chance of seeing Osama Bin Laden and [former President George W.] Bush in Starbucks having a latte, discussing foreign policies,” than of his working with Hill again. In recent years, while Michel and Jean spoke of reconciliation, Hill remained tight-lipped on the prospect of a reunion—until now.
In a press release, Hill said: “The Fugees have a complex but impactful history…. I decided to honor this significant project, its anniversary, and the fans who appreciated the music by creating a peaceful platform where we could unite, perform the music we loved, and set an example of reconciliation for the world.”
Jean added: “As I celebrate 25 years with the Fugees, my first memory was that we vowed, from the gate, we would not just do music we would be a movement. We would be a voice for the un-heard, and in these challenging times, I am grateful once again, that God has brought us together.”

Vieux Télégraphe is from the celebrated plateau called La Crau, a particularly favored site at Châteauneuf-du-Pape that gives this red its characteristic minerality, as if the wine had been filtered over the huge, round stones (galets roules) left over from the melting of the alpine glaciers when the Rhone Valley was formed. The vines in this area average 60 years of age. The wines evoke the concept of terroir in its purest form: they reflect their dramatic climate, the rough terrain that defines the soil, their full sun exposure at a higher altitude, the typicity of the varietals with an emphasis on Grenache, and of course, the influence of their caretakers, the Brunier family. The final blend of the 2018 Chateauneuf du Pape La Crau includes 60% to 65% Grenache, 15% each Mourvèdre and Syrah, with the remainder Cinsault. Boasting complex scents of roses, black tea, raspberries and cherries on the nose, it follows that up with a full-bodied palate thats silky and airy in texture yet flavorful and tremendously long on the finish. The vineyards are sustainably farmed, grapes are hand-harvested, are partially de-stemmed,and are pressed gently by pneumatic press. Traditional fermentation between 25-35 days in stainless steel and wood cures (all temperature-controlled). systematic malolactic fermentation. Wine rests in cuves for 10 months and then another 12 months in foudres. Wine is bottled unfiltered, after 22 months of aging.

Administrative Assistant IV
Employees by gender
All employees who hold this position identify as female.
Employees by race
All employees who hold this position identify as white.
Length of employment
All employees have worked at the Consumer Credit Commission for one to 10 years.
|Length of employment||Employees||Percent||Median salary|
All employees who hold this position are full-time. Employment status refers to whether an employee is listed as working part or full time and is based on hours worked in a week.
SEND US A TIP
This Texas Tribune reporter covers the Consumer Credit Commission. Send a tip via email or Twitter.

Aspire Supported Living
Location and contact details
Aspire Supported Living is a homecare provider situated in Cramlington. The provider cares for adults of all ages as well as children with eating disorders. Additionally, the agency is able to support people with learning disabilities and mental health conditions.
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) has monitored the agency for more than four years. The CQC last updated their ratings of the care provider in November 2019, giving it an overall rating of good.
The company is operated by Aspire Healthcare Limited. There are no other providers registered by the same group in England.
To enquire about availability at Aspire Supported Living, give the office a call at 01912790989. More details can be found on www.aspirecg.co.uk.

Lucintel, a leading global market research and business consulting firm with over 700 clients worldwide has analyzed the global SFT market and just published a comprehensive research report entitled “Global Short Fiber Reinforced Thermoplastic Composites 2008–2013: Trend, Forecast, and Opportunity Analysis”.
According to Lucintel, Asia will drive the growth. Though Europe was the top continent in terms of total SFT consumption, Asia saw the highest growth rate due to the rapidly increasing demand in China and other regions. Asian market is becoming a leading exporter for many electrical/electronics goods and consumer goods products and thus SFT suppliers are moving to this region to serve their customers.
As per Lucintel, Electrical/Electronic market segment will see a growth of 4.7% (CAGR) in next five years, driven by increasing shipments of business machines and other electronic equipment. Transportation and consumer goods segments are expected to grow at 3.4% and 3.3% respectively in terms of volume shipments.
As per the findings, Global SFT industry is heavily influenced by macroeconomic trends due to high dependency on matured markets such as Western Europe and USA. Lucintel believes this leaves global SFT industry vulnerable to a macroeconomic downturn in these regions.
The study reveals that SFT materials are being increasingly used as alternatives to steel and aluminum, taking advantage of their weight savings and ability to design and mold complex shapes or assemblies with greater freedom. According to Lucintel, suppliers who focus on driving the growth through innovations in materials and technology will realize increased market share during next five years.
This research report contains market size estimates, a Porter’s five forces analysis for SFT opportunities in the market, trends and forecast for SFT applications, growth drivers and many other elements, all of which can help you make confident business decisions in this globally competitive marketplace.
Need more Information?
Subscribe to our free Newsletter Service:

Trapped inside my head, its like a big stone dungeon, and in order to see the light i have to turn my head around a little bit, but im paralyzed. that’s my inner life. nothing has any meaning,
i bought myself an Xbox One S with my paycheck and expected to have fun with it like i did as a teenager, but it just feels like meaningless pixels on a screen.
Feeling like i need to take positive action but i just feel paralyzed. i miss the way things used to be, even when they were bad it was better than this.
I do stream-of-consciousness journaling, and all that comes out of my head is self-hatred.
Rainbows, Unicorns, Love, and Light,
I don’t like video games either anymore. You can always sell it and make most your money back. I’ve done that like 3 times with game systems since I stopped playing games like 7 years ago.
Hi @Nomad are you feeling a bit depressed?
I might be wrong, but you haven’t been in this job for too long have you? You might be going through an adjustment period getting used to being around more people (which is really taxing) and getting used to the hours.
Make sure you’re eating properly and keep up the journaling even if it isn’t too positive at the moment. Things will turn around. If it persists though, I think you should talk to your pdoc.
Are you punishing yourself for something or someone?

So lets get to it and talk about Betterhelp Apk..in this article you will find the answer…
hi everybody so today I want to talk with you about something called better help which is an online treatment platform and I’m likewise going to tell you how you can get two weeks without better help services however first … two weeks free trial membership to better help you can try it totally run the risk of totally free no strings attached and see how you like it um so what is better help better help is an online treatment service that is sort of an alternative to in-person treatment a membership to better help provides you access to a therapist basically whenever and it includes unrestricted text audio and video messaging as well as a weekly live session now I have actually tried this out and my therapist said that you can type of separate those weekly sessions however you choose – so she stated you can have possibly 3 20-minute sessions or a one-hour session it’s kind of whatever fits your schedule and whatever fits your requirements the very best so I myself have tried it out like I said I have a therapist through better help and it’s really really simple interacting with them they have a site that’s really simple to connect with as well as an app on your phone that you can send out instantaneous messages through you can you can voice call through
you can even video chat through and it’s truly actually simple to navigate so I want to talk with you a bit more about my experience with better help to type of offer you a concept about what it resembles utilizing it so it took me a while to find the right therapist if I’m being truthful so um I checked out a couple of therapists to begin with none of them truly felt like a good fit which’s truly essential I think even when discovering a therapist out in the real life with in-person interactions is that you need to truly work at discovering one who’s going to be a really great fit for you and there’s this it’s no exception for better help either so do not hesitate to check out different therapists if the very first one you get does not seem like the best fit you can keep searching until you find like you have an actually great relationship with the therapist.
Better Help insurance Betterhelp Apk Online
that you’re compared with the service makes it really simple to simply switch therapists when I felt like I wasn’t truly getting in touch with my very first couple therapists I simply picked I believe it’s just an alternative in the app where you can look for a various therapist you can read their BIOS and determine more about them and choose which one you want to work with so I think part of why I wasn’t really that impressed to begin with with those very first therapists was that they were initially giving me kind of canned actions which didn’t really sit well
Faced with joining a frantically long NHS waiting list, Joe Rackham went with online counselling instead. “I simply felt that I couldn’t wait any longer– I was inspired and ready to handle my problems and quite liked the concept of doing so in the convenience of my own house,” stated the 29-year-old, who lives in London. After an online search, he found a therapist whose profile matched his needs and booked a chat session for the next day.
The physician app Babylon provides therapy to 150,000 active users, while PlusGuidance, an online counselling service, has 10,000 users. Talkspace, another online treatment platform, reports it has 500,000 signed up users worldwide, with a lot of in the US.
Online training encourages therapists on whatever from using emojis to preventing misconceptions. They likewise need to safeguard patients’ personal information– a problem that has actually caused controversy in the US, where big online therapy platforms have actually come under the spotlight.
Buckley stated patients ought to examine services’ privacy policies prior to signing up. “Not all online counselling websites use expertly trained therapists or comply with an ethics policy, so ask your GP for a recommendation in the first instance. Similar to all sort of services and support, what works for one person might not work for another person,” he stated.
Marc Bush, primary policy advisor at Young Minds, stated that while online counselling services are valuable, “they shouldn’t replace face-to-face therapy with a trained professional. If a young person is having a hard time, we would encourage them to talk to their GP in the very first instance, or to contact a recognized service like The Mix, Childline or the Samaritans.”.
For Rackham, who has generalised anxiety disorder, online counselling wasn’t the ideal fit. “I felt it was near impossible for the therapist to truly get a sense of the problems I was dealing with, as all they had to go from was my typed-out words. I think I realised after that online session how essential interpersonal interaction was.
” I’m a big fan of using innovation in all locations of my life as an option to everyday issues. I have apps for whatever, but when it comes to mental health, you have to pick how technology plays a role in your recovery extremely thoroughly.”. Betterhelp Apk
Instead, the app prides itself on having actually licensed therapists and psychological health experts available to assist individuals through text, call or video chat. That’s what lots of YouTubers who have accepted sponsorships from the business often state in their own videos, where they speak on the stresses in their individual lives and sensations verging on stress and anxiety or depression. Bobby Burns, Elle Mills, Philip DeFranco, Heath Hussar, Boogie2988, Shane Dawson and ChandlerNWilson are all creators who have actually Betterhelp Apk sponsors now.
A number of these developers have actually discussed psychological health issues in the past, however as burnout becomes a bigger subject within the neighborhood– and traditional world– sponsorships including BetterHelp have increased, regardless of the app not being precisely what the developers are touting.

Early Church Writings
The Apostolic Fathers – Kirsopp Lake (Volume I)
The Apostolic Fathers are a collection of the earliest non-canonical orthodox Christian writings, Volume 1 includes 1 Clement, 2 Clement (first recorded sermon), Ignatius, Polycarp, the Didache, and Barnabas. Highly recommended reading, not too difficult.
The Apostolic Fathers – Kirsopp Lake (Volume II)
Includes the Shepherd of Hermas (long, but highly regarded by the early church), the Martyrdom of Polcarp, and the Epistle to Diognetus.
The Ante-Nicene Fathers: The Writings of the Fathers down to A.D. 325
A classic 10 volume collection of all the early Christian writings prior to the Nicene Council. It includes the above mentioned Apostolic Fathers as well as Justin Martyr, Irenaeus, Clement of Alexandria, Tertullian, Origin, and others.
Collection of Early Church Fathers (CCEL)
Another resource with the Ante-Nicene Fathers, but also includes the Post-Nicene Fathers.

Let’s all get away from our desks and in to the fresh Tees Valley air – TOGETHER.
This time we are in Redcar & Cleveland and heading to Loftus Woods to catch the display of bluebells.
Assist and The Girls Network are collaborating to bring all our business and professional women together to see familiar faces and meet new.
We are to do a 2023 tour of some great Tees Valley spots! What’s not to like… we are going to visit some of our perfect parts of our corner of the globe, a woodland, river, park and the coast.
We are hitting each of the 5 boroughs in our region – Let’s get NETWALKING.
We are meeting on the corner of Loftus Town Hall as entering the High Street, opposite Willow Cake Shop. We can walk in the woods up the lane from the Town Hall. We will leave prompt as we only have an hour and then the rest of the weekend to enjoy.
There is parking just off the High Street on North Road, once parked a little cut to walk from the car park to the Town Hall. We will waiting on the corner for you.
You may choose to hang around a little after, some of us will stay for coffee and cake at the tiny women-owned independent tea shop opposite the Town Hall if you want to chat a little more and support local business.
Let’s enjoy the spectacal of spring flowers, along with the oozing smell of wild garlic in parts, capture the sounds of the birds and the stream as we wander through, and most importantly share it with great Assist and The Girls Network company, Ann, Aimee and many of the Assist Team will be with you.
You can always pop in to the Loftus Willow Cake Shop and grab some homemade scones to take home, a pie for the family for a lunch may be?
If you have a little more time, you can grab a coffee and weather permitting and can sit outside the tea shop and continue your conversations.
Get your wellies, boots and walking attire on! Don’t forget your camera to snap them bluebells.
Tell us you are coming, sign up now…

Black Scale has launched its 2013 holiday collection fittingly titled “ascension.” I would imagine the name has a little to do with the incredible growth founders Michael “Mega” Yabut and Alfred De Tagle since the brand’s beginning in 2007.
The lookbook for “ascension” reveals Black Scale’s best collection yet. All of the Black Scale standards are there including tees and hoodies with iconoclastic imagery and vague association with the paranormal. However, this collection also boasts a camo covered shawl collar cardigan and some great outer-wear pieces.
This is definitely a big step in the right direction for Black Scale. The brand has received a ton of success over the last few years and this collection will only further that growth. Check out the lookbook below and cop some gear at Black Scale’s online store.

Associate Professor of History & Bible
Ed.D., Oregon State University
M.A., Westminster Seminary California
B.A., University of Oregon
As Director of Assessment, I service the University as the chair of the program review committee and help the institution demonstrate all the ways Bushnell University fulfills its calling as an institution of Christian higher education, which includes its core themes and mission. I assist a variety of academic and administrative departments with mission alignment, effectiveness, and compliance of academic and accreditation standards for the University’s regional accreditation by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities (NWCCU). I currently also assist the Associate Vice President with a variety of assessment activities and accreditation requirements for professional programs.
As Assistant Professor of Humanities, I teach in a variety of history, bible, theology and ethics classes primarily for the school of Professional Studies. Included in this role is the program faculty oversight for the Interdisciplinary Studies (IDS) program. If you are seeking information about finishing your degree at Bushnell University, please feel free to contact me. I would enjoy working with you and setting up an educational program that meets your specific needs.
In 2021, Brian was awarded the degree Doctor of Education in Adult and Higher Education at OSU. In 2005, Brian was conferred a Master of Historical Theology from Westminster Seminary California. He studied history at the University of Oregon.
Brian’s outside interests include reading old books and collecting pocket watches and radios. Among his favorite authors are Boethius, John Calvin, Martin Luther, Gerhardus Vos, Meredith Kline, and C. S. Lewis.

RTMG Performance is pleased to present the best crankcase oil vapor separator for universal applications.The oil catch can helps for the longevity of the direct injection engines (FSI,TSI,TFSI,THP,GDI etc.).
The problem in these engines is carbon build up on the intake valves because the fuel is injected direct to the combustion chamber and doesn’t clean the intake valves which build up carbon from the oil fumes of the stock PCV Valve ,with the RTMG Baffled Catch Can you can reduce up to 60% of the carbon build up on the intake valves. The catch can prevent oil pooling in the intercooler and intercooler hoses.
Our three stage Baffling system features a unique direct path to the bottom of the can for the heavy oil vapors , secondly the three stages baffle design catch the lighter oil vapors, the result is that the returned fumes/vapors are cleaned 99% .
– CNC Billet Oil Catch Can monoblock
– Three Stage Baffling System
– Oil Level check with dipstick
– Drain in seconds system with drain valve
– Serviceable tree piece design
-18mm Barb Fittins
– Reduce Carbon Build Up
– Dimensions : 120x80mm
– Greek construction
*Set includes one oil catch can,2 meter pipe and 4 clumps.

Native American Tribes in what the Department of Justice calls “Indian Country” are like sovereign nations, so they can set up systems to allow the sale of marijuana, says the Federal government. Over 100 Tribes are looking into selling it.
So can a state erect a roadblock and inspect everyone coming out, as a nation can at its international border? I imagine there is learning on that question, but I have no idea. Those are questions of federalism or Federal-Tribal law or something that are beyond a tax man. I know enough to conclude that warrantless federal searches are OK at our borders with the sovereign nations of Canada and Mexico. But can a state conduct them ever?
And can warrantless searches be effective? Tribal land reportedly is sometimes so remote as to make smuggling across international borders relatively easy.

Don’t worry, I won’t do too many reviews on this blog. However, every now and then you might see one on here. I love trying new tools (or toys, as I usually call them!) and sometimes I just like to tell you something about them.
So today it’s the Sedona dehydrator.
Sedona Dörrgerät bei Keimling.de
I got my Sedona from Keimling and I’ve been able to test it for 8 weeks.
When I got the package, I was surprised how big the Sedona actually is! Of course, I’ve read the measures, but still. We just have a small kitchen which was pretty crowded once I set up the Sedona!
The Sedona looks more elegant than the Excalibur dehydrators. With it’s glass door, it rather seems to be a small oven. Well, it is a small oven, after all. A raw food oven!
I’ve never tried a dehydrator before. So, of course, when I first tried it out, I was very enthusiastic. I spend hours in the kitchen to fill each of the nine trays when I dehydrated for the first time! When the Sedona was finally running, I was completely exhausted. This tool must be a full time job!
I’ve tried quite a few things. I guess it’s best to stop talking and to show you some pictures!
Apple chips. One of my basics and a dehydrator classic. You simple cut apples into thin slices and dry them for about 20h. I also tried coating them with cinnamon and another even sweeter version coated with agave syrup and cinnamon. Each version tasted great to me. I recommend using really tasty, organic apples. They will yield the greatest flavor when dehydrated!
I did quite a few apple things. I do like apples. And we usually have lots of apples at home. My very favorite dehydrator bread was Apple Cinnamon Raisin bread from Amber Shea‘s great book “Practically raw“. What I love most about the book is that unlike many other raw food books, it’s not dogmatic! Amber doesn’t try to tell you that cooked food will kill you – or something like that. She simply gives you some really nice and practical (of course ;) ) recipes and even offers cooked options. The apple cinnamon raisin bread is moist and aromatic. Making this bread is also a great way to use up almond pulp from making almond milk!
Close up view! This is actually the one and only dehydrator bread that I’ve made several times. With all the other breads, I’ve always tried new flavors and varieties.
Little red riding hood packing her basket. Apple bread instead of cake! For healthy grannies.
Last apple recipe, I promise! These apple wrappers were really good though! And very convenient. You can quickly make a snack or even lunch with those. I usually filled them with some sprouts, like mung beans, lentils and alfalfa (or whatever I was growing at that time), added some avocado, salt, pepper and lemon juice – that’s it. And I even got a recipe for you.
- 1 cup cored and diced apple (about one and a half, medium sized)
- 1/3 cup flax meal
- 1/4cup water, or as needed
- pinch of salt
Place the apples in the bottom of a high-speed blender. Add the flax meal, salt, and water. Blend until smooth.
Spread the mixture evenly onto one lined Dehydrator tray, forming circles. Make them as big or small as you want. Dehydrate for 4 to 6 hours at 104°F / 42°C or until completely dry.
As you see, I even had some help when rolling them up! I wish I had as much help when cleaning up…
The last thing I want to show you is a variation of another classic, flax seed crackers. For these, I used a tomato instead of water in the batter and added chopped sun dried tomatos, salt, pepper and italian herbs. A great savory snack. Seems like I’m not the only one who liked those.
I tried quite a few flax seed cracker variations, using different vegetables and spices to create different flavors. First, I copied recipes from books and from the internet, but after a short time, I started creating my own flavors, like those tomato crackers. It’s always the same basic technique, so creating your own recipes really isn’t hard!
There are many more things I tried. I dehydrated Carrot slices, mushrooms, banana, pear, zucchinis,… there’s hardly any fruit or vegetable in this house that was not dehydrated once. Zucchini chips with herbs or different spices were also a great snack. Sadly, I could not try the famous kale chips because kale was already out of season when I tested the sedona. However, I dehydrated kohlrabi leaves with different coatings, starting from olive oil and salt and ending with cashew cheese sauce. It was a great alternative with a decent flavor.
1. One thing I learned: You have to be patient when dehydrating. Opening the dehydrater every 30min won’t help. Well… I’m not the most patient person in the world, what should I say… ;)
2. Dehydrating needs preparation, time and planning. I only used the sedona when I had a few days of or at the weekend. Filling all the trays was more work then expected, especially at the beginning!
3. Another thing a learned: A dehydrator is a nice toy. Yes, I actually really think it’s a toy. It’s nice to have, you can make some “gourmet raw food” – but it’s no must have (other than my vita-mix =D ). At first, you have a little “honeymoon” with your dehydrator. You use it a lot, try many different things… but even during those eight weeks I noticed that I didn’t use the sedona as often as in the beginning. Well, life is busy, you know. And quite often, it doesn’t really fit my lifestyle. I like to decide spontaneously on what to eat. I don’t know if I really still want a raw burger after 12 hours of dehydrating. I mean, raw burgers taste good. But there are so many fresh things that taste good, too.
4. You should take care not to eat too many dehydrator foods. Unlike fresh fruit and veggies, they also dehydrate your body. So at least, you have to drink a lot when eating dehydrated foods. However, it’s all about the right amounts for you. You’ll have to find out yourself. And if you listen to your body, you’ll notice what it needs.
I’m pretty sure that I’ll buy a dehydrator one day. It’s a fun way of preparing food and you can make some tasty and healthy treats! It’s no “must have”, but “nice to have”. However, a smaller dehydrator would be more appropriate for our flat.
If you ever have a chance to borrow a dehydrator – do it! It’s a great way to find out whether you really need it or whether you’d just stop using it after the “honeymoon”.

Reconciliation is an alteration of previous prints and proofsfrom the first state of the Wasteland series. Like Past Impressions, the arrangement of the stained-glass structure is fractured and fragmented. Featured prominently in the central part of the composition the space suit and wings overlap and simultaneously blend in with the non-representational shapes in the sub-layers. The central image of the protective space suit and wings represent self-preservation and desire for autonomy and independence.
The sheep skeletons and red rabbit shapes are less obscured than other parts of the print, with the open ground between shapes creating a visual space that again suggests a breaking-up of the composition. These symbols meant to represent myth appear to hover above the fractured background. The sheep skeletons at the top of the print represent the impermanence of life and accepting the transient state of existence. These images also serve to reflect the indifferent quality of the natural order and humankind’s inability to control it. The four red rabbits representing imperfection, vulnerability and fortune are doubled from those in Past Impressions. An idea of ‘reconciliation’ from the title is not meant to be easily distilled from the combination of images in the print. The act or process of reconciliation is a common theme in myth and often marks a turning point or change in the cycle of events. Understanding and accepting vulnerability, impermanence and the desire for independence are all part of reconciliation.

How To Do Offertory
- As the offertory section of the service begins, two ushers go and stand together on the street side of the sanctuary, in the back, near the center aisle.
- Walk together up the center aisle and obtain the collection buckets on the chancel.
- Starting at the chancel end and working towards the Foster Street end in the center aisle, collect checks, coins, money, and envelopes from congregants seated near the center aisle.
- When both of you have reached the street side of the sanctuary, walk away from each other to the side aisles and then walk together up to the chancel end of the sanctuary in the side aisles.
- Collect checks, coins, money, and envelopes from congregants seated near the side aisles starting from the chancel end and ending on the street side of the sanctuary,
- When you are both back on the street end of the sanctuary again, walk towards each other to the center aisle, then proceed together back to the chancel up the center aisle and put the collections buckets back where you got them from. Wait to do this until the congregants are done lighting offertory candles. Then turn and go back down the center aisle to the street end of the Sanctuary and from there return to your seats.

Our New Used Parts Warehouse
In November 2011 we began the process of moving the old parts storage containers out of the way, and preparing the rear lot to begin construction of the new used parts storage building. The concrete foundation piers and NE corner retaining wall was poured December 9. The 44' X 88' Concrete floor was pored Tuesday December 13. By the end of December the floor was fully cured, and the building erection began! By 2-07 the outer shell was finished, the doors installed, and the Electrical work, Natural gas, Electric, air, and Phone / Data / Security hook-ups begun.
By Feb 20 the electrical work was mostly finished; but aisle lights were still to be hung. Caulking and R13 walls & roof insulation installation was begun. HVAC Technicians begun to hook up the radiant floor boiler. Work was begun on the automatic electric gate between the storage building and the main shop.
By March 9 the 8' by 40' Gridwall was hung down half of one side wall. The radiant floor began being charged with heat transfer fluid. The two 8 foot diameter 10 blade slow speed ceiling fans (made by Big Ass Fans) were installed. The lighting and work zone timers are done. The security system, computer network lines, and telephones were nearly done. We had 47 metal Industrial shelving units built. We started power washing more used shelving, and sanding and painting the rusty parts (maybe 20% of all of them).
March 12 we began assembling another 65 metal shelving units, and building a 12' by 32' seat rack. The automatic gate works GREAT! On March 16 the radiant floor system had a (successful) test run.
April 1 we began building 10 units of 12' high pallet rack, 20 units of widespan shelving, a 16' by 12' high motor rack, a 40' by 12' high wheel rack, a 20' by 8' high Vintage fairing rack, 9 levels of 4' by 12' carpet covered fuel tank storage shelves, plus more to be determined as need requires. We plan to use every available cubic foot available.

Bigamist Mark Wylde is to meet a grisly end in Emmerdale at the hands of a murderer, it was revealed today.
The high-flier, played by Maxwell Caulfield, will be bumped off in an hour-long episode to be screened next Thursday, January 14.
Soap bosses had already announced Caulfield was to leave but had kept viewers guessing about how he would go until now. However they are keeping tight-lipped about the identity of the killer, who will be revealed in the episode.
There are many characters who could have a motive. Potential culprits include Mark's wife Natasha (Amanda Donohoe), who next week discovers he has been cheating on her with his other wife Faye Lamb (Kim Thomson).
Faye is also in the frame, having had her life turned upside down by Mark more than once.
And, reeling from the discovery they are related, Mark's children Ryan Lamb (James Sutton) and Maisie Wylde (Alice Coulthard) may be hell-bent on getting revenge on their father for allowing them to fall in love. Mark's other son Nathan Wylde (Lyndon Ogbourne), who has a track record in twisted behaviour, could also be the one to teach his spineless father a lesson.
Caulfield, whose dramatic exit comes after a year in the soap, said of his time in the show: "I've had the opportunity to work with the loveliest group of people. To have the privilege of working with two knockout actresses on a daily basis made Mark really fun to play."

Lawyers, Attorneys, Law Firm in The Netherlands - Holland | Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague
MD Lawyers International Law Firm
Our Lawyers in the Netherlands (Holland) provide legal services in favor of foreign entities in all the dutch territory, as Rotterdam, Amsterdam, The Hague, Eindhoven, Utrecht, Groningen, Maastricht and Haarlem. Our Dutch Law Firm, MD Lawyers International Law Firm, is based in Rotterdam and Amsterdam even though we operate in the whole Dutch territory thanking to our network of qualified attorneys. The Partners are Lawyer Massimo Dimarco and Lawyer Glenn Haulussy.
Our professionals are used to provide assistance to foreign entities and they are English speaking Lawyers in The Netherlands. We provide litigation services and out of court legal services. Our meeting offices are set in the Business District in Amsterdam, located in Hogehilweg street n. 19 and in Rotterdam in Marten Meesweg street n. 8/10
Our Firm, operating in most of the EU countries, is divided in departments and any of them has a head specialized in the specific subject. In our team we have:
Our Dutch lawyers belonging to the litigation department are mainly specialized in the following subjects:
After the end of the court trial, our Law Firm may assist the Client to start the enforcement in the Netherlands. Our Firm is connected to Bailiff in every dutch city and we are able to guide them through the correct procedure to start. We enforce local decisions, European decisions, European orders of payment or extra UE rulings. In case the enforcement is negative, our Bankruptcy Lawyers in The Netherlands will provide you the dued assistance in order to require the bankruptcy of the dutch insolvent debtor. In Holland both the individuals and the corporate entities may be declared bankrupt. The main requirement, according to the dutch jurisprudence, is that the debtor to be declared bankrupt must be insolvent and he must have at least two creditors which are not satisfied.
About Corporate Law in the Netherlands, our Firm provides qualified legal assistance in drafting international contracts, mergers and acquisitions, purchase and sale of shares of dutch companies, Joint Ventures, Due Diligences, tax advise and assistance in the shareholder meetings, board of directors and in any other topic moment of the life of a corporate entity.
Our corporate law expertise includes also the possibility to set up a limited liability company in the Netherlands, offering the due advice to foreign subjects that are willing to expand their business in a dutch city. We can provide the registration of a B.V. company, a branch of the foreign company or representative office (for research and marketing purposes).
The last main areas of practice of MD Lawyers International Law Firm are the Employment Law and the Intellectual Property Law in The Netherlands.
Specifically, we provide the assistance in all the following areas of expertise:
Corporate Law in the Netherlands:
1101 CB Amsterdam
Marten Meesweg 8/10
3068 Av Rotterdam

Follow your passion. How many times have we heard that? When we do, life changes and we radiate joy and enthusiasm for what we are passionate about. If you are passionate about life or something in particular, you can relate to these 15 things which only you can understand.
1. You don’t need motivation.
I know a woman who gets up at 5.a.m to help the homeless people in her city. This daily action of helping and giving back to the less fortunate represents her core values. She does not need to seek motivation as her guiding principles are never in question.
2. You know all about opening doors.
One passion leads to more opportunities. When you are passionate about a job, a hobby, a holiday or volunteering, the doors they open up are truly amazing. A passion can become your career or make a relationship bloom. The great thing is that when one part of your life is full of passion you are not going to take second best in all the other parts.
3. You are prepared to take risks.
“You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.” – William Faulkner
People who are not passionate are always on the look out for guarantees. A loan officer at a bank will rarely give out a loan to someone who is following his passion. But you know that once you have done your homework and have been diligent, there comes the moment to take that risk. Taking that leap of faith is often the doorway to even more success and happiness.
4. You have laser focus.
You know that spreading your time and talents over too many things may distract you from the number one passion. That gives you a laser focus and you are prepared to miss out on some enjoyable things to make that happen. Robert Sternberg, Past President of the American Psychological Association talks about his laser focus in getting home to be with his toddler triplets but not doing so until he has written a set number of chapters for new book. Being passionate helps him to deliver on his strategy of getting his priorities right.
“You have to decide what your priorities are and say, ‘I’m going to make it happen’—and then just make it happen.”- Robert Sternberg.
5. You are surrounded by other passionate people.
You know only too well how to avoid toxic people who whine, complain and are generally negative. Surrounding yourself with other passionate people gives you even more inspiration. The joy of interacting and sharing with them is truly priceless.
6. You are not afraid of failure.
One of the great challenges passionate people face is that it will not always be plain sailing. Look at the sports champions who have to overcome lost matches and injuries. They have to keep going and it is their passion that drives them on, in spite of many failures.
7. You look for solutions.
An obstacle is not a roadblock. It is merely a difficulty along the way and can provide you with solutions. Passionate people are always on the lookout for solutions, ways to improve, faster delivery, or streamlined processes. You name it – you are on the job.
8. You see the beauty of other people.
You are the one who homes in on the amazing qualities of the people around you. You know that your partner is just a superb person or that your parents are truly unique. You know how to see people’s great qualities and that is so important in keeping your own passion thriving.
9. You cannot persuade everyone to be like you.
Another challenge passionate people face is that not everybody around you will understand why or how your passion is driving you. They are often not on the same wavelength at all so you have to put up with being a little lonely at times. The best solution is to get busy and not dwell on that too much.
10. You cannot sleep.
The downside of having this searing passion when you wake up is that your sleep tends to suffer. It is hard to let go and stop thinking about what gives your life its purpose. It really is hard to switch off at times.
11. You have to put up with jealousy.
Not everyone you meet or work with will understand why you are so passionate about your projects. They are the ones who have settled into their rather dull comfort zones. They will never understand what it is like to go all out and reach their potential. You can expect some jealousy or envy on their part but that will never discourage you.
12. You love your job.
“Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life.” – Confucius
Do what you love doing in your job may sound like Utopia for many of us. This is where passionate people have triumphed because you have found your passion points and been able to develop them so that you can do your job with great enthusiasm and excitement. If you still have not found your passion, exploit your interests and take some courses, whether it is in web design or creative writing.
13. You read a lot.
“I find television to be very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go in the other room and read a book.” – Groucho Marx
Whatever your passion, you will need to be fully informed. Networking and chatting are useful but nothing will beat reading extensively about your passion. But also reading about everything that interests you will make you more knowledgeable, reflective and successful.
14. You have daily goals.
You wake up early because you have so much to do. In addition, you have decided what is important to achieve to-day and you usually have a few top priorities which are going to help you succeed. You can see exactly where they fit in with your long term goals.
15. You can cope with the voices in your head.
Another difficulty passionate people have to face is the voices from loved ones they keep hearing in their heads, especially if there is danger involved. Let us imagine your passion is scuba diving. Yes, there are risks but you have done all the training and you have enough experience now to dive alone. You can silence those voices you keep hearing about “what if?” by just reminding yourself that these are not your fears, but those of your loved ones. They do not realize how much you love what you are doing.
How can passionate people make great things happen? I think it is because they feel so fulfilled in doing a wonderful job and above all because they love what they do.

Australian Aboriginal Artists
Gabriella Possum Nungurrayi
Gabriella Possum Nungurrayi was born in Mt Allan, Northern Territory, Gabriella Possum is the elder daughter of the renowned painter, Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri (1932 – 2002). She began painting at an early age, under the tuition of her famous father.Gabriella’s paintings feature the Dreaming stories handed down to her from her paternal grandmother, Long Rose Nungala and the other senior women who taught her in her formative years – these include Grandmother’s Dreaming, Seven Sisters Dreaming (Milky Way), Goanna, Bush Tucker and Serpent Dreamings of her Anmatyerre heritage, which has been handed down through generations of ancestors. Gabriella has a high profile in many Australian commercial galleries and is represented in a number of commercial galleries overseas. Gabriella lives with her husband and children near Melbourne, Victoria.
GPN2298 | 150x200cm
GPN6120 “Soakage and Water Dreaming” SOLD
GPN6513 | 155x200cm

Couples Whisperer TherapyNDIS Funded Couples Whisperer Therapy in Ipswich
Look, I am not perfect. Sometimes I have no clue (in my own life. Thanks Liz!). Living with another human being is difficult. Surprisingly though, I help couples deal with conflict as well as nurture appreciation and friendship for an enhanced, connected relationship. We are an NDIS registered provider serving Ipswich and its surrounding areas. Be the friend again to each other you first loved, and more. And practice, practice, practice. You’ll be more active, less reactive.
Let’s stop and ask…
Is nurturing connection, handling conflict and following dreams possible? What’s the story you tell yourself? Are you getting your needs met? What deeper parts of you are driving reactions and behaviour? When have you made time for this?
Are you listening or reacting?
Do you really hear the other person? How do you know that? Do they feel you understand them, even if you happen to think differently? What would it be like for that you both to be deeply understood? You can both act differently in daily routine and rituals of connection. Make time for change.
Marriage and relationship counselling for couples
More than ever, pressure on relationships brought about by ever-growing levels of stress and anxiety has resulted in couples reaching out for help. With many more people working from home, managing home schooling and experiencing financial stress, couples can find themselves at a crisis point in their relationship and seek professional counselling.
At Owen Kessels we offer professional, NDIS funded therapy to help couples deal with conflict, repair connections and create lasting solutions. We’ll help you find the time to open lines of communication, become a better listener and understand your partner’s needs. Any relationship can be difficult to navigate despite our very best intentions, resulting in breakdowns and crisis. But the good news is with expert guidance in a collaborative environment there is a way forward
Counselling for a couple - reaching out for help is the first step
Solid, long-lasting and satisfying relationships are what everyone desires but achieving that goal can be a bridge too far for many. With so many hurdles and challenges to overcome, getting a little help and acquiring the skills to overcome those challenges makes a whole lot of sense. Yep…help is at hand. Positive outcomes are entirely achievable. Together we’ll help you develop the tools and pathways to get there.
Conflict and tensions within a relationship can often lead to broader issues relating to general health, mental health and simply coping with everyday life. Reaching out for help is not a sign of weakness or an acknowledgement of some sort of failing, but rather it signifies the relationship is precious, built on love and well worth investing time in. Counselling or therapy can help repair broken or struggling relationships.
How do you know if you or your partner might need help? Here are some common indicators that your relationship may be in jeopardy…
- Conversation has reduced to the point where there are long periods of silence when you are alone
- You no longer feel a sense of passion and spontaneity
- There is reluctance from both partners to discuss feelings and emotions
- Constant arguments about the same thing
- Feelings of rejection or being unloved
- Intimacy is significantly reduced or completely gone – that “spark” has disappeared
- Feelings of jealousy or broken trust
- Wider issues of conflict such as work, parenting and religion
Counselling and therapy can be extremely effective in a wide range of situations such as communication breakdowns, difficulty expressing thoughts and emotions, a lack of intimacy, infidelity and dealing with conflict. Other areas include connecting with children and step-children, understanding your partner’s dreams and needs, making lasting commitments and many more.
Why choose relationship and marriage counselling with Owen Kessels?
At Owen Kessels our couples therapy is firmly grounded in listening, developing positive outcomes and finding effective solutions together. We have a team-focused approach with feedback as the cornerstone to great therapy. If you live in the greater Ipswich area we offer mobile services along with online and telehealth consultations.
Let’s build a path to understanding, respect and better relationships. Call us today on 0423 737 018 or get in touch with us online for more info on our NDIS funded relationship counselling services
How we Target Relief
You help us get therapy right. Your feedback guides what conversation is being useful and how professional assistance and advice stays on target. We stay centred on listening to you and tracking progress until we get the outcomes you want. We’ve learnt it is really teamwork that makes for great therapy and counselling that brings much needed relief. We are a mobile NDIS registered provider serving the greater Ipswich, Springfield and nearby Brisbane regions.

51 We are constantly building the network to hopefully connect with those that can connect us with financial support. Additionally, we aim to connect our friends with new projects that may lead to their financial support. We have an annual dinner and regular other events like faculty lectures. We have recently revamped our Friends of the Library program and there are a number of events being held to attract the interest of community members. We plan a fall and spring meeting for our development board, send letters of appreciation for every gift received by the libraries (in addition to the tax acknowledgment letter sent by the university), and send Christmas cards to library endowment donors and other significant benefactors. Additional comment N=1 Note that the board does sponsor lectures and other activities that are open to the larger community and that have the effect of raising general awareness and positive community feeling about the library. However, that is not the purpose or goal of the board’s participation. DONOR COMMUNICATIONS Donor communications include print or electronic communications and or solicitations that may include library stories, statistics, and other measures used to convey library value/success. 38. Please indicate which types of communications with potential donors are distributed in print and which are distributed electronically. Check all that apply. N=53 Communication Type Print Electronic N Solicitation letters 47 35 50 Stewardship letters 50 21 50 Informal communication (i.e., birthday cards) 42 20 45 Newsletters 27 37 42 Magazines 28 15 31 Other donor communication 20 20 23 Total number of respondents 53 49 53 If you selected other donor communication/print above, please briefly describe it. N=19 Annual report Annual report and web news item Annual report, holiday card, calendar, special event invitations, periodic updates, library public programming brochure Annual reports Collateral handouts both in print and electronic formats Created a donor book based on an Instagram series of photographs called People of Ekstrom Library. The original series included photos of students and libraries’ personnel along with short statements about the subject’s relationship to the library. The book focuses on students from all the libraries.

Texting Alerts – TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PROGRAM: Slater Marietta Farmers Market
FREQUENCY: Dependent on alert settings. Number & size of text messages can vary per user. [no more than 4x per month]
PRICING: Text & Data rates of Mobile Phone carrier/provider.
MOBILE USER OPT-IN
This is a single opt-in program. You may opt in to the text alert program by texting a defined code to (864) 413-1311. By opting into the Slater Marietta Farmers Market Text Alert Program, you authorize Slater Marietta Farmers Market to send you text messages, and acknowledge that such messages may be sent by an automatic telephone dialing system. Additionally, by opting in, you acknowledge that you are at least 13 years of age and are either the wireless account subscriber or have the permission of the wireless account subscriber to send and receive text messages under these Terms and Conditions.
MOBILE USER OPT-OUT
You may discontinue text service at any time, by replying “STOP” to (864) 413-1311 from your mobile device. After opting out, you will not receive any additional messages, unless you opt back in.
MOBILE USER FEES
Slater Marietta Farmers Market Text Alert program does not charge any users fees to send or receive text messages.
MSG & Data rates may apply from your applicable carrier, however. No purchase is necessary to participate.
To get help, reply “HELP” to any message you receive, or text “HELP” to (864) 413-1311.
MOBILE USER PRIVACY
We will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. No protected health information will be transmitted or shared.
U.S. MOBILE CARRIERS SUPPORTED
Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Sprint/Boost/Virgin, T-Mobile®, US Cellular, Carolina West, C-Spire (Cellsouth), Cellcom, nTelos, Google Voice, and the numerous ClearSky/Interop. The wireless carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered message.
Slater Marietta Farmers Market Text Alerts will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages connected with our SMS Gateway. Delivery of SMS messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator.
Slater Marietta Farmers Market Text Alert Program respects your privacy. We will only use the information you provide to transmit text messages to you; we will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. No protected health information will be transmitted or shared. Nonetheless, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, to protect our rights or property. Text messages through your wireless carrier/service provider are not secure messages through encryption or similar technology.

DOWNEY – A woman is frantically searching for the dog she says was like a sister to her.
Lulu, a 17-year-old shih tzu who is deaf and blind, has been missing since Jan. 26, when she wandered away from a back porch in Downey.
Nikki Pratchios, 45, is Lulu’s owner. She took responsibility for the dog after her mother died of lung cancer in October at the age of 71.
“I’ve been with her all these years, because she was my mom’s dog,” Pratchios said of the dog. “She’s just ancient now. She’s kind of homely, but I love her.”
Lulu lives with Pratchios in San Francisco, but the pair traveled to Downey last week to care for Pratchios’ aunt, who was recovering from a surgery related to breast cancer.
Pratchios had just given Lulu a bath and had not put her identification tags around her neck. A few minutes later, the dog was missing.
The gray and white shih tzu requires daily medication and weighs only about seven pounds. Pratchios said the dog is rarely out of her sight.
“She’s very fragile and I don’t go anywhere without her,” Pratchios said. “I take her to work. She’s always with me because she needs constant care.”
She said Lulu usually uses her sense of smell to find her way around the house and the places familiar to her. Pratchios is unsure of how the dog will fare in unfamiliar territory.
Capt. Aaron Reyes, director of operations for Southeast Area Animal Control Authority, said it is likely that Lulu is safe in the area.
“In our jurisdiction, it’s very common to find these types of lost animals,” Reyes said. “They end up at somebody’s house because someone sees them and feels sorry for them.”
Reyes said he has distributed information about Lulu to his staff and they keeping an eye out for her.
“I think Lulu is out there, wanting and waiting to be found,” Reyes said.
He said he would recommend that other pet owners do what they can to keep their pets safe by having them microchipped. Pets with the small chips implanted under the skin can be identified at any shelter with a scanner and returned to their families.
Microchippings costs $25 at SEACA’s Downey facility.
Pratchios posted fliers offering a $500 reward and hired bloodhounds to sniff out Lulu’s trail, but the dogs reached a dead end near her aunt’s home, at Charloma Drive and Brookshire Avenue.
Fliers are not permitted in Downey, she said, so she was required to pull them down the next day. But she has been calling local shelters, just in case Lulu turns up, and friends are handing out fliers at schools, veterinarians’ offices and at work.
“I’ve been in touch with a psychic, I’ve been in touch with many volunteers, I’m faxing all the vets in town.”
Pratchios said she hopes someone found Lulu and is caring for her, and that whoever has her will bring her home.
Although Pratchios had to go back to her job as a photographer in San Francisco, she plans to return to Downey over the weekend to continue her search.
“I can’t give up,” she said. “I love her too much.”
Those with tips about Lulu’s whereabouts can call Nikki Pratchios at (415) 948-5972.
(562) 698-0955, Ext. 3029

Showing all 3 results
Felt Letter Board – Gray 10″ x 10″ with Oak Frame. Changeable Letter Board w/346 Plastic Letters Numbers Symbols, Canvas Bag and Wall Mount.
Felt Letter Board 10″x10″ Double Sided Letter Board, Gray & Black Changeable Message Board with 680 Clean Cut Letters(2 Colors), Wood Frame Word Board for Quotes, Messages, Displays, Words & More
Rustic Felt Letter Board 11″x15″ Double Sided Letter Board, Gray & Black Letter Signboard, Message Board, Announcement Sign with 709 White & Gold Characters Screw Driver, Wall Hanger, Letter Organizer

Piercings are a lot like tattoos—they’re a form of self-expression and people endure the pain to get them multiple times. Likewise, you need to follow aftercare steps while your piercings are healing.
When we were younger, we were told lots of things about cleaning our ear flaps when we get our first earrings. There were also advice when there’s dryness and sometimes bruising in between. Now that piercings aren’t exclusive to that part of our bodies, people should be more cautious about the shops they go to and how to properly care for their skin.
If you’re looking to get a piercing or two in the near future, here are some tips from Rachel Amestoso of Piercings by Ravana.
The hunt for the right piercer
“People who are interested in getting pierced should do their own research first before looking for a shop or a piercer,” Rachel told us. “It takes basic knowledge on body piercing to identify which shops or piercers follow the right procedures, give the right aftercare guide, and tend to their clients even after the procedure.”
Many of us are used to going to malls to get our ears pierced, but Rachel said that there are side effects to it. “Body piercing services offered in malls usually use piercing guns which are very damaging to skin tissues, especially in cartilage areas. Piercing guns use blunt force, which rams your tissues and damages even the area surrounding the pierced site. On top of that, the accessory used is too short to accommodate swelling,” she told us.
Meanwhile, those in tattoo shops would use piercing needles because it cuts through skin rather than use force. This gives it enough “allowance for swelling” and the puncture would be able to breathe.
Communication is key
Think of it as a professional relationship between you and your chosen piercer. If you’re having problems, you should be able to contact them and they should give you pertinent advice. Rachel warned that not all shops provide assistance to their customers so always be cautious. “A lot of people give up their piercings out of fear because they don’t know what’s going on with their piercing and their piercers never respond to them,” she said. “It is very important to find a piercer who will make sure your piercings heal well because the procedure may take only a few minutes but the struggle in committing to a strict cleaning procedure and in dealing with complications takes months or a year at least.”
The aftercare tips you need
So, you got your piercing/s. Now what? You should start the aftercare process by cleaning the wound twice a day—after taking a bath and before sleeping.
One of the biggest no-nos when doing this step is to use baby oil or petroleum jelly, which is advice you might’ve heard a lot. These products would actually draw in dirt and bacteria, as well as clog piercing ends. “Clogged piercing ends are very harmful because a piercing needs to be able to clean itself by flushing out body fluids. If it doesn’t, excess fluids and bacteria will stay stuck inside, causing major infections,” Rachel explained. “This is one of the reasons why a lot of people end up in the hospital because of a piercing.”
Rachel suggested to use saline solution (0.9 percent sodium chloride solution) to clean a puncture wound because “it’s of the same ph as your body. It isn’t harsh on your tissues too.”
If you’re experiencing itchiness on your piercing wound, that’s not cause for alarm because it’s part of the healing process. Rachel advised that you stop “twisting or turning” your piercing to relieve the itch. When you do that, it removes the new skin cells that were formed around the area.
As for minor infections, Rachel said it’s inevitable if you don’t follow a strict cleaning routine. “The only treatment for minor infections is saline soaking thrice a day. If it doesn’t go after three days, going to the dermatologist is necessary for prescription antibiotics,” she said. Take note of that!
Art by Marian Hukom
For the latest in culture, fashion, beauty, and celebrities, subscribe to our weekly newsletter here

How to Talk With Your Aging Parents About Their Long-Term Care
Revised on March 21, 2022.
Maybe you’ve noticed Mom forgetting to turn off the faucet after washing dishes or Dad having difficulty using stairs. You think it might be time to talk to them about finding some additional help, but you don’t know the best communication techniques to use for this sensitive subject.
When family members are no longer able to live independently, a difficult choice is on the horizon. Family caregivers shouldn't have to shoulder all of the responsibility on their own, as caregiver burnout can place unnecessary stress on these relationships.
Luckily, hope is here with professional in-home nursing care and companion care from ComForCare.
We understand it can be tough to bring up the subject of in-home care. If your aging parents are accustomed to living independently or are tenacious (to say it nicely), it can be challenging to convince them to get some help at home. On this page, we offer a few tips for this discussion and outline some of the benefits of homecare services.
If you need more guidance now, we'd love to hear from you. To speak with us during a no-obligation in-home consultation, give us a call at 800-886-4044 or find a ComForCare location near you.
Benefits of In-Home Care
Here's what to expect from the different types of specialized care we offer at ComForCare:
Our experienced personal home caregivers assist with dressing, bathing, grocery shopping, light housekeeping, meal preparation, medication reminders, and many other companion care needs.
Plus, if necessary, our private duty nurses can provide a wide range of home health care services including wound care and ostomy care. Specialized memory care programs for parents showing signs of Alzheimer's and dementia are also available, and we can help you implement safety measures for seniors to prevent injury or falls.
In addition, sticking to a schedule has been shown to improve dementia by adding a logical flow and sense of order to the day. Routine is good — but it can be tough to help your elderly parents stick to one if you're managing kids, work, and the rest of your own life's responsibilities.
From short-term care to 24-hour home care services, we provide the options you need. At ComForCare, whatever care plan we develop will be matched to your loved one's current ability, medical needs, and skill set. For more detail, please visit our services page.
Discussing Personal Care Options
You and your parents have common goals: aging comfortably and maintaining independence. The following tips can make communicating with parents easier and more effective as you review potential home health care options.
Look Through Their Eyes: Remember your parents are learning to accept and work with their changing, and often diminishing, physical and mental conditions. They could be afraid, sad, or trying to assert their authority when all you see is stubbornness.
Be Proactive: If you see concerning behavior from your aging parents, don’t wait to say something. If you wait for the “perfect” moment, a serious accident or illness could happen in the meantime. Then, finding long-term care becomes an emergency. This stressful situation can be avoided by exploring the choices available before a crisis occurs. Safety is supreme.
Give Choices: By giving older adults the chance to get involved and make decisions regarding long-term care for themselves, you help them maintain independence and dignity. However, try not to overwhelm them with an abundance of decisions as that can create tension and anxiety.
Be Open: Express your feelings or worries in a clear and calm manner. Remember, by showing concern, you are showing your love and appreciation.
Share in Decision-Making: Ask them how they would like to handle things. Decide together if they want to hire in-home care services, move to an assisted living community, or live with you or other relatives.
Be Considerate: No one likes to be pestered. If your family stalls or pushes back, pause the discussion for the present. You can offer assistance at a later time.
Be Humble: Share your views with kindness. If it seems your parents may be willing to consider extra care or agree with your views, simply offer thanks.
By improving communication skills and learning new communication techniques, you are taking an important first step in caring for your elderly parents. We encourage you to open up the discussion and speak frankly about needs and concerns.
When it comes to caring for your mother, father, or another senior family member, we value the trust you place in us. With our patient-centered approach to care, ComForCare assures you compassionate and responsible caregivers treat your parents with the respect, support, and sensitivity they deserve. It's our honor to make a positive difference in the life of your loved one, and we always give them a voice in the process.
Explore Homecare Services from ComForCare
At ComForCare Home Care, we understand it can be challenging to know what to say and how to approach your loved one about the sensitive topic of their long-term care. We know helping out parents as they make this transitional step is important and close to your heart. That’s why we do all we can to help the process go smoothly, including developing a personalized care plan.
Arranging home care doesn’t have to be stressful! The team members at ComForCare collaborate with you and work closely with you every step of the way so you can rest assured your parent receives the best possible care. We prioritize compassion, respect, and sensitivity in all we do.
We are here to help you with whatever challenges you may face. Our mission is to improve the quality of life and level of independence for every client and family receiving our services. We provide in-home care for as little as a few hours a week to 24/7, in any setting you call home.
Editor’s note: This article was originally published July 21, 2016. It has been revamped and updated for accuracy and comprehensiveness.

Data migration is a complex process. It involves making a copy of an organization’s current data from one device to another device without disrupting the business operations, and finally redirecting all activity to the new device.
Why do organization migrate data? What are the business drivers?
If your organization is planning on migrating, you are not alone. I am regularly asked, “Why do organizations migrate data?” Some of the reasons organizations tend to migrate from legacy solutions are:
- When they procure a new hardware or software
- When they want to optimize the storage
- When they want to relocate their data centers
- When merger and acquisition occur
- When it is part of the DR strategy
Have you ever wondered why many data migration projects fail?
Most IT managers consider data migration a routine exercise and pay little attention to it. Data migration failures also happen due to the absence of effective data quality management across the project and lack of planning and prioritization. Given the value of your data, data migration requires specific skills, tools, and plans.
Best practices to minimize or avoid data migrations PLM project failures
To minimize the business impacts of data migration failure, organizations need to deploy a consistent, and repeatable methodology that incorporates planning, technology implementation and validation.
- Planning a migration strategy Planning is critical to the migration process and depends on its size and scope. You need to identify the requirements, both hardware and software, outlining the stakeholders and their roles and ensure they work together to align objectives and timelines. Moreover, the current and future development plan need to be built in and documented.
- Technology – Identify and implement a simple migration technology that is easy to use and can easily be adopted by analysts and users. ETL technology is preferred by users for its unique ability to handle the extreme requirements of data migration. However, the ETL tools license cost is high.
- Data validation – Poor data quality can create problems. You need to extract, clean and transform data before setting it up for migration. The quality of data is improved as you can identify omissions, errors, or issues. Moreover, it is important to determine what data to pull forward, what to do with rest of the data, and how to map and enhance data for the target application needs.
- Legacy data – Source applications, servers, or databases that are not required at present, need to be archived and be a part of the migration process. Archive it in a way that it can be accessed fast.
- Data Movement – Segment the migration process to run it more efficiently. You can audit, map, test and transfer data in staggered phases. You can stick to budgets, timelines, and deliver better results without disrupting other processes.
- Testing – Testing and validating the migrated data, ensures its integrity, accuracy, and the formatting. The ultimate test is the user acceptance testing.
Unlike those required for other IT projects, data migration approach has to be systematic and holistic. We at PROLIM understand the challenges in making a data migration project successful. With our data migration platform Diaspora and proven data migration best practices, we make the overall process consistent, faster migration and cost effective. Need assistance with planning and suggesting right PLM Data Migration approach, PROLIM is your go to partner.

My friends and I, fresh from a lecture on the importance of public education, are breaking out the USU’s hottest new item of merchandise over lunch. I gaze upon it, bemused but intrigued. Apparently uninterested in funding clubs, the USU has instead moved into real estate, producing a University of Sydney-themed edition of Monopoly. Get in quick! Only $99.95!
The box advises the player to stay sharp, “because there is only room at the top for one.” Opening it reveals six tokens – a gargoyle, microscope, coffee cup, laptop, backpack and graduate cap.
I choose the gargoyle and we begin to play.
The first few rounds are normal enough. One friend picks up Carslaw, while another nabs the Charles Perkins Centre. I buy up the Chemistry Building and the Quadrangle so that my gargoyle feels at home.
Some of the Chance cards – rebranded as Campus Life cards – are too real, some not real enough: “You have failed statistics for the last three semesters and are now on Stage 3 academic progression. Pay $50.” Happens to everyone. “Honi Soit publishes your article. Collect $100.” I wish.
It is after my third stint in jail that I begin to wonder whether academic misconduct proceedings really justify the Supermax that Faculty Services has set up between PNR and the FASS Building.
I am amazed to discover what must be campus’ only Free Parking spot and trade off Chemistry to complete the Green set. The title deeds are piling up. Cash is flowing thick and fast over my lecture notes, which now lie forgotten at my feet. Passing Go is the only pass that I now care for.
Eastern Avenue quickly becomes a battleground of cutthroat auctions and corporate espionage. Students add $25 to their HECS debt every time they use the Redfern Run to get to class. Hapless residents run for cover as my bulldozers demolish International House, cheered on by senior management from the balconies of F23.
Disaster strikes! I’ve landed on the Great Hall – USyd’s own Park Lane – and the rent is $1,500. Lucky I’m not the Sydney University Symphony Orchestra, or I’d be forking out $6,490 to use our own facilities.
One by one, the weak, the poor and the paper-handed are eliminated from the game, falling victim to the unstoppable march of progress and development. Soon, the once-free market has become a deadlocked duopoly. I’ve forced my remaining opponent off the premium real estate of main campus and into the wastelands south of City Road, but I seem condemned to stop at his newly refurbished Wentworth Building on every lap of campus.
The situation is dire. I’m down to my last $500 and am forced to mortgage Fisher to survive. I consider transferring to a Commerce degree in the Abercrombie Building: at least the rent there could put food on the table.
But then my friend-cum-nemesis walks, foolishly, into the Quadrangle, newly adorned with a five-star lecture theatre – rent: $2,000. He can’t afford it. The Student Centre doesn’t respond to his panicked emails begging for help. The SRC refuses him an emergency loan. He looks up at me, tears welling in his bloodshot eyes as he searches for mercy in my ice-cold gaze. He finds none. It’s over.
I have become Mr Monopoly, bankrupter of students.
I think, briefly, of the friendships I’ve burnt in the last two hours. Of the price I’ve paid for the gleaming hotel now towering above the ruins of the Anderson Stuart Building. Of the cynicism of the USU producing a game in which your goal is to sell off university assets, after a year of cost-cutting and job losses.
But I banish such loser talk from my mind. The smell of money is in the air. And after all, there is only room at the top for one.

To finally feel carefree again. I remember wondering if I’d ever get that back. I wondered what life without a 24/7 struggle would be like. Because hey, since age 16 when eating disorder began, food became my best friend and my worst enemy–as did my body image. I became trapped in my ED, unable to think or act for myself, grew lifeless with goals and happiness seeming unreachable and out of sight, and didn’t think I’d ever have a future of freedom, joy or doing a career I love, ever again. I simply couldn’t see recovery as possible or a different future quite yet…but I guess I just wasn’t ready and God had a plan.
So to you all I say: It’s okay if you can’t weave your way out of a relationship with food you’re not comfortable with.
It’s not abnormal to feel uneasy in your body.
There is nothing wrong with you or your struggle.
You are NOT alone. This is a collective societal issue.
As you begin to forgive yourself for the things you just can’t seem to change yet, you’ll be able to actually start making change. Remember that being hard on yourself has never gotten you anywhere. You have the strength in you right now to break the cycles you feel are unstoppable.
Because guess what?
YOU are unstoppable.
And all you need is compassion and encouragement from yourself to take one baby step at a time.
It’s your journey and you deserve to find peace with it✨
That said, I want to help you NOW to find the love and acceptance you deserve around food and body! I am taking personal 1-on-1 coaching clients so schedule your FREE 30 minute discovery session anytime! Also, my FOOD, BODY & FITNESS FREEDOM FOR THE HOLIDAYS COURSE officially begins next Monday, the 27th!
WHAT YOU GET:
-Emotional/binge eating support and strategies
-How to find freedom with food, eat ALL food (whole foods and treats) w/ a balanced healthy approach, and how to break up with the scale and diet mentality
-How to embrace your body as it is NOW & find beauty in who you are…perfectly imperfect!
-How to find exercise as movement and enjoy it rather than use it as punishment
-Cheap, healthy & quick single meals & family dinner recipes
-Quick workouts to do at home on your own time
-Activities to help you relieve stress
I only have a few spots left, so claim your spot by messaging me, commenting below or joining in the link below!
Day 23–MMA Sculpt and 5 min abs . Ah, I am feeling stronger all over, swifter in the moves and more powerful mentally and physically everyday. This program really tests your body and mind–LOVE!

Fine-tuning of the fluorescence microscope excitation spectrum for imaging dual or multiply labeled specimens can be readily accomplished with a split-filter excitation balancer, which contains tandem shortpass and longpass interference filters that are translated across the illumination aperture to adjust the light source wavelength distribution profile. This interactive tutorial explores how the Nikon Eclipse i-Series excitation balancer system affects the fluorescence emission intensity of multiply labeled specimens when employed in conjunction with dual and triple excitation band filter combinations.
The tutorial initializes with the image of a randomly selected dual or triple fluorescent labeled specimen appearing in the Specimen Image window. Adjacent to this window is a spectral plot entitled Excitation Passband Spectral Profiles, which displays the absorption spectra for the fluorophores utilized to stain the specimen along with the approximate transmission percentage (white line) of the excitation balancer filter combination at the illumination aperture (see the excitation balancer drawing) in the visible spectral region. The fluorescent probes and their targets are identified for each specimen in the lower left-hand portion of the tutorial window next to a colored bar that coincides with the color of the excitation spectral profile in the excitation passband graph. Individual spectral profiles on the graph can be toggled on or off using the appropriate fluorophore checkbox. New specimens can be loaded into the tutorial using the Choose A Specimen pull-down menu.
In order to operate the tutorial, use the Aperture Position slider to shift the microscope aperture between the longpass and shortpass regions of the excitation balancer (illustrated in the Excitation Balancer drawing in the lower right-hand portion of the tutorial). As the slider is translated to the far left, the aperture moves into the shortpass region of the balancer and the excitation passband changes to resemble the profile of a shortpass filter. The specimen image also changes to reflect the loss of fluorescence intensity from probes having emission spectra in the longer wavelength region. Shifting the slider to the far right moves the aperture into the longpass region and produces a corresponding change in the excitation passband graph and specimen image. In between these extremes is a Mixed Region where the excitation passband resembles a hybrid of the two cutoff filters (as does the specimen image).
The Nikon Eclipse i-Series fluorescence illuminator excitation balancer system enables the microscopist to fine-tune the excitation wavelength passband at the illumination aperture for maximum efficiency when using optical blocks with dual and triple excitation filter combinations. This feature is useful to adjust individual fluorophore intensities in specimens containing several probes to, for example, reduce the fluorescence emission from one probe while simultaneously increasing the intensity of another in order to optimize observation and the recording of digital images. Specimens stained with two or more fluorophores often exhibit unequal fluorescence emission intensity levels due to a variety of factors, including unequal quantum yields, overstaining or understaining, inadequate membrane permeability, poor blocking, fixer-masked antibody binding sites, low inherent antigen concentrations, and simple fluorophore and secondary antibody mixing errors. Excitation balancers can help alleviate fluorescence signal imbalance in these specimens.
The Nikon excitation balancer consists of a rectangular optical glass window containing two thin-film interference coatings that act as either a longpass or shortpass filter (or a mixture of both), depending upon the position of the window in the optical train, as illustrated in the tutorial and in Figure 1. The rectangular filter is mounted in a slider that is positioned adjacent to the microscope illumination aperture diaphragm, which is contained in a removable housing that inserts into the microscope epi-fluorescence illuminator (termed the Digital Imaging Head in Nikon Eclipse i-Series microscopes) preceding the field diaphragm in the optical pathway. The amount of light passing through the excitation balancer and the numerical aperture of the excitation illumination can be controlled by adjusting the size of the aperture diaphragm. When observing overstained specimens, excessive fluorophore emission can often be reduced using the excitation balancer in combination with neutral density filters and by constricting the aperture diaphragm size.
Illustrated in Figure 1 are the spectral profiles of the longpass (yellow curve) and shortpass (purple curve) excitation balancer filters, along with the normalized absorption spectra of three fluorophores (DAPI, FITC, and Texas Red) matched to the characteristics of the filter combination. In practice, the Nikon excitation balancer filter combination slider is translated across the illumination aperture by pulling or pushing the frame handle, thus exposing the excitation light to varying mixtures of the wedge-shaped cutoff filters. When the slider is positioned so that the illumination aperture coincides with the shortpass portion of the excitation balancer (area under the purple curve), only fluorophores with absorption spectral profiles in the region below 520 nanometers will be excited to a significant degree by illumination from the arc-discharge lamp. As the slider is moved to the opposite end of the excitation balancer window, the longpass thin-film filter portion (area under the yellow curve) is illuminated by the aperture to excite fluorescent probes having wavelengths greater than 430 nanometers. Note that fluorophores, such as FITC and Alexa Fluor 488, having excitation bands in the blue spectral region (450-500 nanometers) are excited with a high degree of efficiency regardless of the excitation balancer position.
When the microscope illumination aperture is positioned in "mixed" regions that contain portions of both the longpass and shortpass filters, the excitation efficiency varies for fluorophores having absorption bands in the ultraviolet and yellow-green regions of the visible light spectrum. As the portion of the slider in front of the illumination aperture is translated from the region containing exclusively the shortpass interference filter into the region containing equal proportions of both filters, the absorption efficiency of ultraviolet-absorbing fluorophores drops continuously from approximately 100 percent to 50 percent. Simultaneously, the absorption efficiency of green-absorbing fluorophores increases steadily from zero to 50 percent, while that of blue-absorbing fluorophores remains constant. The opposite effect occurs when the slider is motion is continued into the regions containing larger proportions of the longpass filter. In this case, the absorption efficiency of ultraviolet-absorbing fluorophores drops from 50 percent to zero as the efficiency of green-absorbing fluorophores increases from 50 percent to 100 percent. Again, the absorption efficiency of fluorophores excited in the blue region remains constant.
A variety of common fluorophores, including the Alexa Fluors, cyanine dyes (the CyX series), BODIPYs, fluorescent proteins, MitoTrackers, SYTOX nucleic acid stains and many traditional synthetic and natural probes can be readily resolved using the excitation balancer in combination with either dual or triple excitation filter sets. For example, the series of images presented in Figure 2 illustrate a monolayer culture of albino Swiss mouse embryo cells stained with Alexa Fluor 405 (tubulin), SYTOX Green (nuclei), and Texas Red (the filamentous actin network) and imaged with a DAPI-FITC-Texas Red triple filter combination using the excitation balancer. In Figure 2(a), the excitation balancer slider is positioned with the shortpass thin-film filter region in front of the illumination aperture to preferentially excite the violet and blue fluorophores (Alexa Fluor 405 and SYTOX Green). Translating the slider into the central region of the excitation balancer (containing equal proportions of both filters) produces an image containing contributions from all three fluorophores (Figure 2(b)). Finally, moving the slider into the region containing the longpass filter (Figure 2(c)) eliminates the violet fluorophore to yield an image produced by the fluorophores (SYTOX Green and Texas Red) excited in the blue and yellow-green regions of the visible light spectrum. Replacing the DAPI-FITC-Texas Red triple excitation band filter combination with one designed for DAPI, FITC, and TRITC will produce similar results, but optimized for fluorophores having absorption profiles shifted from yellow-green to green (TRITC versus Texas Red) wavelengths.
The excitation balancer is also ideal for separating fluorescence emission in specimens containing two fluorescent probes using the popular dual bandpass excitation filter combinations, such as DAPI-FITC, FITC-TRITC, and FITC-Texas Red. Illustrated in Figure 3 are several examples. Figure 3(a) presents a thin tissue section of mouse small intestine stained with the nuclear probe Hoechst 33258 (blue fluorescence) and Alexa Fluor 488 conjugated to phalloidin (green fluorescence) imaged through a dual filter DAPI-FITC combination with the shortpass portion of the excitation balancer in front of the illumination aperture to excite both fluorophores. Translating the excitation balancer into the longpass region (Figure 3(b)) eliminates the ultraviolet-absorbing nuclear dye (Hoechst 33258). Employed in this manner, the excitation balancer is very useful for controlling fluorescence emission in specimens that have overstained nuclei.
Coupled to blue and green dual excitation filter combinations (FITC-TRITC and FITC-Texas Red), the excitation balancer can be used to control emission intensity levels from specimens labeled with fluorophores absorbing in the green through orange wavelength region. Illustrated in Figure 3(c) is the image of an adherent monolayer culture of Indian Muntjac deer skin fibroblast cells stained with Alexa Fluor 555 (orange fluorescence) conjugated to phalloidin, and Alexa Fluor 488 conjugated to goat anti-mouse antibodies targeting anti-peroxisomal membrane protein (PMP-70) primary antibodies. The image was captured using a FITC-TRITC dual band excitation filter set in combination with the excitation balancer positioned so that the longpass thin-film filter region coincides with the illumination aperture. Translating the excitation balancer to the shortpass region (Figure 3(d)) reduces (or eliminates) the fluorescence emission from the green-absorbing fluorophore (Alexa Fluor 555). Similarly, the FITC-Texas Red filter produces comparable effects (Figures 3(e) and 3(f)). The specimen in the latter two frames was a rat thoracic aorta cell culture labeled with Alexa Fluor 594 conjugated to phalloidin (actin) and Cy2 conjugated to secondary antibodies targeting mouse anti-alpha-tubulin primary antibodies.
Matthew J. Parry-Hill, John D. Griffin, and Michael W. Davidson - National High Magnetic Field Laboratory, 1800 East Paul Dirac Dr., The Florida State University, Tallahassee, Florida, 32310.

The shares of Canada's only publicly traded wine maker, Andrew Peller Ltd., are being toasted by investors, with the stock trading at five-year highs.
But even after its recent advances, Peller has further to run. That's the thesis of Montreal-based value investing shop Lester Asset Management.
"The company is trading extremely cheaply, about 10 times earnings," says Stephen Takacsy, Lester's chief investment officer, who says the company is a "very attractive" proposition at its current price around $11.
Most investors can be forgiven for never having heard of Peller, which, despite its low profile in the investment community, operates wineries in British Columbia, Ontario and Nova Scotia. It has a 14-per-cent share of the national wine market, when imports are included, and 38 per cent of the domestic wine category. It has a reputation as an aggressive marketer, recently branding a line of wines Wayne Gretzky Estates to appeal to beer-swilling hockey fans.
There used to be a couple of other publicly traded wineries in Canada, Vincor International Inc. being the most notable, but they've been acquired or taken private, leaving Peller something of an anomaly as the sole market representative of an entire industry.
The company has avoided the takeover fate of rivals because the Peller family has a controlling stake through a dual-share structure.
There aren't many of either the non-voting class A shares or voting B shares available on the open market and the stock is thinly traded. Two institutional value investors – Toronto-based Kernwood Ltd., along with Lester, have recently snapped up much of the available float, and apparently aren't interested in selling any of their holdings.
A few thousand shares typically trade from day to day, making it difficult for large institutions to buy in size without distorting the market, but retail investors do not face this constraint.
The company split the shares three for one in 2006 to increase the float, and has raised the dividend four times in the past decade, for a yield of more than 3 per cent, but that hasn't helped much. But working at cross purposes, Peller also has been buying up its own shares, shrinking the float, contending the market value of the stock doesn't reflect its true value.
"We're aware that the shares are tightly held. It's just the investors that bought them over the years don't like to give them up," company president John Peller says.
Meanwhile, there isn't much interest from the sell side of the Street because low trading volumes mean brokers can't make much in commissions. No sell side investment analysts follow the company, further lowering Peller's profile.
The illiquidity and lack of interest from analysts are signs that Peller remains an underappreciated idea, with significant upside potential. Kernwood declined to be publicly quoted on its interest in the company, but the investment firm is the wine-maker's second-largest shareholder after the Peller family.
One of the draws of investing in the wine business is that it has the winds of consumer preference at its back, with the drink category showing growth while sales of competing beer and traditional spirits stagnate.
Mr. Peller says Canadians currently consume 15 litres of wine on average a year. He expects that figure to increase and get closer to 30 litres, which would put consumption around the same level as in England. That would be a big boon for Peller, given its dominance of the Canadian market. "We're very confident that both the market will continue to grow and our ability to compete in it will continue to grow," he says.
Mr. Takacsy says an added kicker to Peller is that its wineries, vineyards and real estate are carried at historic cost on its books and far below replacement value. He estimates that a Port Moody commercial property owned by the company would add $2 a share in value if sold at current market prices.
The company also owns about 600 acres of vineyards, which can be worth up to $100,000 an acre for those planted with high-end red wine varieties, such as pinot noir, according to Mr. Peller. Most vineyards were originally used for tender fruits, such as pears or peaches, worth only about $5,000 to $10,000 an acre.

Get A Consultation From Our 45950 Bed Bug Specialists Now!
Fill Out The Form Below to get a Consultation by our certified Bed Bug specialist, or give us a call today at (614) 996-6622…
Note: We promise to keep your info safe.
If “Bed Bug Removal 45950” is what you’re searching for on Google, that shows you are likely battling with an annoying bed bug situation, and you are sure that you can’t deal with it on your own. Don’t get worried: your Ohio home is covered because we’re skilled in eliminating bed bugs and clearing up all types of 45950 bed bug issues. The truth is, each time you hear people debating on “pest control 45950”, they’re almost certainly talking about how we helped them with our integrated pest management remedies.
Get Your Free Estimate and Read Our Customer’s Feedback
The Reason We’re The Finest Pest Control and Exterminators in 45950 Ohio
Because we are a highly skilled and very reliable bed bug exterminator in 45950, Ohio, we usually commence our approach with a thorough inspection so that we can ascertain the dynamics and degree of the pest issue we are dealing with. Since, of course, we know that each issue is different and usually requires a particular procedure – a process that has earned us the reputation of the leading bed bug exterminator team in 45950, OH!
- Optimum Impact, Little Impact – Our bug extermination and heat treatment offerings, in addition to our Eco-friendly bed bug treatments (cryonite, conventional, steam) completely, are intended to make it easy for you to live your normal life with minimal disruptions.
- Qualified and Professional – Our professional bed bug exterminators are the best at their work, that they fully understand that box springs are especially susceptible to bugs, that black spots show that there are pests, that bed bug bites are an extreme signal of live bug issues, and that bed bugs eggs may hibernate out of plain sight because bed bugs hide too without difficulty given that they’re not easy to see.
- Our responsibility to You – We take critter removal inquiries for assistance in home and business buildings very seriously. Whether you would like to recover your property back from bed bug infestations or need commercial pest control support, we’re there for you with the best pest solutions that will help you get back your peace!
- Sense of Urgency – Common pest problems will likely destroy your home infrastructure leading to home repairs and may even have an impact on your home’s exterior areas. As the best and the most user-friendly exterminator near you, we know that and we stand ready to swiftly deploy our heat remediation protocol that efficiently kills bed bugs or any other suitable treatment plan that leads to the end of the pest issue you’re experiencing.
- Evaluations, Not Assumptions – Although many pest control companies will deliver the results based on presumptions, we generally do a bed bug inspection before doing anything else. Considering that, you have to know exactly what you’re experiencing. We also offer a free quote based on that evaluation, so that you know the kind of expense you will incur when you hire an exterminator that will actually get rid of your pest challenge – and likewise, we should state that when you’re seeking an affordable bug exterminator in 45950, Ohio, you’ll also find us under that category|we are still the best|we still lead there}.
Speak to us at (614) 996-6622
Get Your Free Estimate and Ask For Our References
The Pest Treatment Solutions We Offer
As the leading Central Ohio Bug Extermination company and the most effective Bed Bug Exterminator in 45950, we provide the following quality pest control solutions for your home or business in 45950 and the surrounding areas:
Ant Elimination – Trying to end an ant infestation with sprays is pointless. Irrespective of its potency, the ants will return and will continue to giving you a very difficult moment – and carpenter ants are so dreadful. Not for us, though, since we know exactly how to get rid of them for good!
Cockroaches – We fully understand they’re ugly, unclean, and an urgent problem that you need to eradicate as soon as possible. We have a long-standing history of providing exceptional services to execute their plans in little or no time!
Bed Bugs – Bed bug and buckeye bed bug infestation situations are a nightmare that will affect your sleep and comfort in your residence. The good news is that getting rid of bed bugs with highly potent bed bug treatments is our area of expertise!
Rodent Control – Rats and rodents pretty much know how to get into your house or workplace and refuse to go away, but we also know how to employ the most effective residential and commercial pest control services that keeps rodents far away.
Box Elder Bug Elimination – You want it, you’ve got it. Our box elder bug elimination service is faultless and often reliable.
Spiders – Black widows and other spiders are extremely relentless and resilient. They’re quite challenging to totally eradicate unless of course, you have the requisite skill, which is precisely our case!
Centipedes – We have put in our best to make countless 45950 homes and businesses free of centipede over the years. We pride ourselves on getting quality centipede removal effects that will satisfy our customers.
Termite Management – Extreme pest concerns demand extremely potent pest management remedies. That is our goal anytime we’re applying our termite control techniques in residences and businesses.
Call us at (614) 996-6622
Get Your Free Estimate and View Our Customer Ratings
➔ If Beetles (Carpet Beetles as well as Cigarette Beetles), Earwigs, Fleas, Ladybugs, Mosquitos, Crickets, Pillbugs, Silverfish, Stink Bugs, Occasional Invaders, Overwintering Pests, Pantry Pests (namely Saw-Toothed Grain Beetles and Indian Meal Moths), and Stinging Insects (namely Yellow Jackets, Paper Wasps, Bald-Faced Hornets, and Honey Bees) are a concern, we have the solution, so you need to contact us!

Editor’s Note • This story is only available to Salt Lake Tribune subscribers. Please support local journalism.
Wanda Mae Huffaker wears a lapel pin with an image of a book and a megaphone, and the words “Speak Out! For banned books.
Huffaker, who has been a librarian in the Salt Lake County Library system since 1993, has become an expert on banned and disputed books — a topic that has received increasing attention lately, with school districts across Utah and across the country.
“I think our very democracy is in danger when we start [banning books]because it endangers the First Amendment,” Huffaker said, citing the section of the Bill of Rights that enshrines freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom of religion, freedom of the press and the right to redress grievances.
Banning books, she says, ‘goes against my very heart’ – and in nearly 30 years as a librarian, censorship is a topic that has always existed, but has become more intense in recent years .
“Every parent has to choose for their own child what to read, but only their own child. It’s like our mantra,” she said firmly.
According to PEN America, the nonprofit free speech advocacy group, 156 bills offering what it calls “educational gag orders” have been introduced in 39 states since January 2021 – and 12 from between them, in 10 states, have already become law.
Meanwhile, incidents of school boards taking action against books deemed “controversial” are on the rise:
• In January, the McMinn County School Board in Tennessee voted unanimously to ban ‘Maus’, the graphic novel by Pulitzer Prize-winning Art Spiegelman about his father’s ordeal surviving the Holocaust, in which Jews are depicted as mice and Nazis as cats. Board members said they objected to the swear words in the text, the naked imagery of a woman – which was used to describe the suicide of Spiegelman’s mother.
• Also in January, the Mukilteo, Wash., school board removed Harper Lee’s acclaimed novel “To Kill a Mockingbird” from the ninth-grade required reading list in English and language arts classes. The council responded to at least one parent’s complaint that the book, which chronicles life in Alabama in the 1950s and includes the trial of a black man accused of raping a white woman, is insensitive to the race.
• Last November, the Canyons School District in Salt Lake County removed nine books from library shelves, in violation of the district’s own policies, after parents complained. The books are currently under review.
• And the Murray School District, also in Salt Lake County, suspended a diverse book program after parents complained about “Call Me Max,” a book about a transgender boy.
How does a book ban work?
Utah has a long history of censorship – beginning with Reed Smoot, the U.S. Senator from Utah who in 1930 railed against such imported junk as DH Lawrence’s “Lady Chatterley’s Lover,” “The Kama Sutra”, Casanova’s memoirs and some of Robert Burns’ poetry.
At the Ruth Vine Tyler Library branch in Midvale, where Huffaker is based, another librarian, Kathryn Kidd, has two children in the Canyon District. She said she had read most of these nine books pulled from the shelves of the Canyons District and enjoyed them.
Kidd is a new librarian, compared to Huffaker. She has worked as a teen services librarian for 3½ years and said she hasn’t dealt with a lot of censorship issues herself, but there are quite a few challenges.
When it comes to getting a certain book banned, the process is a bit more complicated. In fact, Utahans don’t see many banned books.
“I was kind of proud of that for many years – how the people in Utah are so good that we hardly ever ban books, that only happens in Texas or Tennessee,” said Huffaker, who served as president of the Utah Library for 10 years. Association’s Committee on Intellectual Freedom, and is a trustee of the Freedom to Read Foundation, a nonprofit organization affiliated with the American Library Association.
Huffaker attributed Utah’s hands-off approach to the state’s overall identity. “I think it’s because here in Utah, we all believe that everyone can choose for themselves. That’s what we were born with, that great gift,” she said. “We have to choose ourselves what we are going to do.”
Kidd described the challenge process like this: Patrons who have concerns with topics or content are encouraged to speak to librarians, like her, who are experts in their respective fields.
If the conversation resolves no concerns, the customer is asked to complete an online reconsideration form, which is then forwarded to a committee of county librarians, who discuss the book and determine how to move forward. In some cases, this means moving a book from the teen section to the adult section – but, in general, it takes a lot of conviction to get a book banned.
The Salt Lake County Library system is working to refine the process because Huffaker is an expert and she plans to retire. His efforts with the team are aimed at making the process more objective.
“Our goal is not to censor what they can access, so they can learn and make decisions for themselves,” Kidd said.
Lately, Huffaker said, there’s been an increase in censorship efforts aimed at graphic novels — “Maus” being a prime example — and that over the years themes of racial diversity, LGBTQ+ representation and transition to adulthood have been constantly questioned.
Regarding the book challenges, Huffaker said, “For the most part, the people who challenge the books really have people’s best interests at heart.”
Although Kidd and Huffaker agree there’s nothing to be gained from banning books, the challenge process and dialogue allows librarians to connect more with patrons and educate them about what’s going on in the selection. books.
Kidd said: “I feel like sometimes librarians are accused of saying, ‘Oh, they’re just using our money to buy all these bad shoddy books’, but that’s not how I see it. . I see it as always trying to work with the community when there is a demand, and [to meet] whatever their needs. »
Huffaker added that the process, “from the moment someone walks into our library and sits down and speaks with a staff member, should be done out of respect and consideration for their opinions and how they feel, how we interact.The whole process should not be adversarial.
That antagonism is growing, however, due to campaigns focused on one side of the political spectrum, Huffaker said.
“We have all these people who are so conservative, banning all these books, writing all these letters all over the country, but also here in Utah,” Huffaker said.
On Raising Well-Balanced Adults
Katie Wegner has been a librarian at the Summit County Library Branch for five years, as well as co-chair of the Utah State Library Association’s Intellectual Freedom Committee.
Wegner, who is moving to the Salt Lake City library system, said Summit County isn’t getting a lot of book challenges. She did, however, notice that social media has given rise to controversies around the ban and even the book burning.
Wegner said she thinks people use social media “as a tool to organize and report books, and [to] share a list of books deemed inappropriate, even if not necessarily reading or checking out [them] outside.”
When such lists target hundreds and hundreds of titles, Wegner said, it’s difficult to have civic discussions with the people who create them.
As for parent rights groups that want to ban certain titles outright, Wegner said those groups seem “out of touch.” …I think people want to protect their kids from anything that’s uncomfortable, instead of having these conversations.
For some teens, Wegner said, certain books help them feel seen and heard in ways that people close to them can’t. “As librarians, we see the difference books can make for teens,” she said. “It’s scary to see this under attack.”
Many of these current challenges, Wegner said, “are not so much about the books themselves. It’s more of an attack on public education.
Both Huffaker and Kidd echoed Wegner’s concerns, citing that those who want to limit the books teenagers can read do not encourage the growth of well-rounded adults with critical thinking skills.
“I firmly believe that with books and everything else, [if] we’ve shielded them and protected them and banned books and everything all the way, when they turn 18, then they’ll be lost. They won’t know how to make choices,” Huffaker said.
Everyone, Huffaker said, “is part of this, not just librarians. The freedom to read is essential to democracy, to the freedom of individuals. And if we lose that, you don’t get freedom back. We all have to fight for it. We need everyone to fight for this.
Wegner shares a petition tool that customers can sign, to bring their voice to the conversation about censorship.
Huffaker has taken positive steps to keep banned books alive: Last Christmas, she gave away such books to all of her grandchildren.
The librarians had one last piece of advice, something they instilled in their own children: if you don’t like a book, shut it up, don’t read it, and find a new one.

Photo gallery: Kiwi infosec industry turns out for iSANZ awards
Around 200 people turned out for last week's second annual iSANZ security awards in Wellington, undeterred by earthquakes or a late change of venue.
Kendra Ross, iSANZ board chair, says the event, which honours those who have set new standards for making the onlines space a safer and more secure place, was a fantastic night.
As previously reported, PwC’s Game of Threats simulation game, which provided an interactive simulation of the real-world challenges of a cyber security incident, took out the Best Security Awareness Campaign award, while Air New Zealand won Best Security Project/Initiative for its organisation-wide security transformation programme.
RedShield was named Best Security Company.
In the evening’s only individual award, Kate Pearce, senior security consultant at Cisco New Zealand, was named Best International Superstar for her contributions in raising awareness and educating people about cyber security.
The evening also saw NetSafe win the Hall of Fame award for its efforts over the years in helping keep Kiwis safe online, and providing cyber security advice and assistance.

Our story began years ago. The first Aussie I had during college began my obsession with this breed. Now my husband and I raise these incredible animals in hopes to share them with those in search of adding something special to their family that they can also enjoy!
We created Back Country Aussies together as the breed complimented our lifestyle so well and to help bring our boy/girl twins into the world. The process to grow our family was extremely expensive, an emotional rollercoaster and draining. A debt that will probably follow us for the rest of our life, but totally worth it! Our family is worth more than we can put a dollar sign on. This program was also designed to grow with them and allow more family time as well as the opportunity to provide education.
This breed is incredibly smart, athletic, tentative, willing to please and loyal. Now our goal is to provide quality pets that best represent the breed in all aspects. These dogs are so versatile and yet so individually unique that we strive to find the best match for pet owners and their new additions!

The state of the galaxy: a not so secret history of the New Human Empire. (Continuation of Chapter 2)
Draughton begins to unearth the inner workings of his world. Will he find purpose within it? At what cost?
Samuel Draughton is a down on his luck arcanist in the New Human Empire. Strange powers offer him a second chance of a lifetime. (Part 3)
Samuel Draughton is a down on his luck arcanist in the New Human Empire. Strange powers offer him a second chance of a lifetime. (Part 2)
Samuel Draughton is a down on his luck arcanist in the New Human Empire. Strange powers offer him a second chance of a lifetime.
As Abe stared blankly at the suited, faceless men and clutched his umbrella to his chest, all he could think to say was to tell them that there was no smoking in his apartment. Even without faces, they looked skeptical for a moment, but they conceded and stamped their buts out in a silver ashtray […]
Prologue of ‘Hector’s Theodicy’ As Abe and Luna delve deeper into their forbidden #romance, no matter what it costs. Dark forces look on disapprovingly. See what happens next…
#theology #scifi #fantasy #writing #conspiracy
Countless generations and several great filters later, we find ourselves in a more current age. At this time, it so happened that a waitress at a club had caught eyes with a big shot stock broker and they conceived a baby boy in a private room. Being a poor Cuban immigrant, Remedios was stuck with […]
In the beginning, was the Word. The Word was alone. In the infinite, unknowable place before time existed, the Word existed and it was the only existence. The Word knew nothing other than Itself because there was nothing but Itself. The story begins here. The story ends here. This is the only story that ever […]
Romance really is what you make it, I suppose. I spent a lot of my life sipping from the romance Kool-aid, and I’ve gotten pretty shitty on it in my time. The stuff is genuinely intoxicating. The idea that we are all part of this universe that is ripe with meaning, and as humans, we […]

Trend Micro Antivirus Technical Support
Get the all-in-one protection for your computer by Trend Micro and get a protection from all online threats. To get started with Trend Micro Antivirus, all you need to do is call on the Trend Micro support – and leave the rest to us.
Our PC Support Experts Online Microsoft Certified Technicians will help you every step of the way. They will help pick the right software and keep it running smoothly.
Just call on our Trend Micro – and leave the rest to us.
Trend Micro Technical Support Services
With new threats and ransomware threatening to invade into our lives, it is important to have a strong antivirus enabled on your system. To keep yourself protected at all times, go for Trend Micro Antivirus. It will silently run in the background and give the much needed protection for your PC. Just call on the Trend Micro support – and get the best antivirus solution for your computer.
Our Trend Micro support includes:
☑ Unlimited Trend Micro tech support at one flat rate
☑ Diagnose and do a compatibility test of Trend Micro antivirus with your PC
☑ Prevent viruses, spyware, adware, Trojans, rootkits and other online threats without an impact on PC performance
☑ 24/7 access to expert technicians
☑ Especially skilled and Microsoft Certified Technicians for Trend Micro security software
Why you should go for Trend Micro Antivirus
If you are one of those who does most of his work online, then you definitely need Trend Micro installed on your computer. Trend Micro protects you from viruses, keep ransomware at bay, guards your privacy on social media sites and lot more.
To get complete security to your computer, just call us on the Trend Micro contact number – and let us manage the Trend Micro Antivirus Protection for you.
Why Call Trend Micro Support
One of the most important things to get the maximum out of any software is to run it smoothly. Right from downloading to regular scans and updates, Trend Micro support takes care of it all. You just need to call us on the Trend Micro support – and we will take care of the rest. You get the highest level of protection without any stress of decoding technical stuff. Our Trend Micro support is available round the clock and you can call us as many times as you want. There are no additional charges for it.
Here’s what our Trend Micro support provides:
⛔ Free Diagnose of any malicious programs on the PC
⛔ Troubleshoot and fix all software errors
⛔ Update Trend Micro Antivirus drivers and security patches to protect against online threats
⛔ Identity protection by Trend Micro
⛔ Advanced firewall protection by Trend Micro
⛔ Ransomware security
⛔ Scan and connect with devices and peripherals
⛔ Optimize PC performance and schedule scans
⛔ Safeguard identity and online transactions
⛔ Installation or Uninstallation of Trend Micro products
⛔ Trend Micro Software Maintenance support
⛔ Trend Micro Antivirus Subscription & Renewal
⛔ Removing third party antivirus products
⛔ Support for Operating Systems for Trend Micro Antivirus
⛔ Solving software complexities and compatibility issues
⛔ General Troubleshooting
⛔ Unlimited Trend Micro tech support for 24/7, all through the year
Our skilled technicians can provide you instant support for all kind of Trend Micro Antivirus software.
Connect with us on Trend Micro contact number for support anytime and anywhere

“They have plenty of boulders,” Hoichi Kurisu says with a laugh. The award-winning garden master is talking about a project he’s designing on a dry part of Moloka’i, Hawaii, that’s surrounded by big rocks and aggressive plants. With this job, he says, “we are not going to a regular landscape.” Still, after more than 50 years as a designer, it’s far from the most irregular landscape he’s dealt with. Perhaps nothing else he’s done compares to the Oregon State Penitentiary.
Why A Garden Matters
In 2014, a group of inmates told Oregon State Penitentiary (OSP) officials that they wanted to create a garden inside the prison yard; a koi pond, specifically. Naturally, the first question officials asked was how they were going to pay for it. The inmates applied for grants and made presentations to donors, and by happenstance, a friend of Kurisu’s son heard about the inmates’ wish and put an OSP liaison in touch with Kurisu.
It had never occurred to Kurisu to create a garden inside prison walls, but hearing the men speak from their hearts instantly convinced him to become involved. “We met, and after listening to a few words, I said ‘I’ll do it!’ Their desire was so pure and good.” Kurisu saw that the inmates wanted to do something positive—to create a space that could break down the barriers between each other, resolve conflicts, generate peace. Their wish for healing resonated with Kurisu. “They demonstrate the ultimate goal of our company.”
That goal is not unique to Kurisu International, but rather an element of all Japanese gardens. “The garden isn’t a science,” Kurisu says. “The garden is an experience. [Garden design] is a sensory field—it’s not mathematic, or geometric. … The goal of a Japanese garden is to build an experience and a sensory space.”
The combination of individual elements — rock, bamboo, birdsong, wind—creates a sense of balance and synergy, where no single element is more important than another. The sound of gravel, the vibrations of it crunching underfoot, these stimuli change visitors from the moment they enter the garden. The screeching of bamboo branches blowing against each other in the wind is an example of what Kurisu calls “nature’s song,” and taking the time to listen has the capacity to alter us. “Tuning your heart toward that — it means you’re forgetting your agony. That moment [creates] a pure sense in the heart.”
When done right and approached with an open mind, the garden creates what the Japanese call Mu—a state of pure human awareness, free from the baggage of the ego. Such gardens invite visitors to be more deliberate in their movements, and to humble themselves to nature. If a low branch drapes across a path, the Japanese garden expects a passerby to simply bow under it. Visitors submit to the experience of nature instead of trying to conquer it.
Achieving those effects is a challenge anywhere, but particularly difficult inside the walls of a prison.
Carving Out Space In The Yard
After he spoke with the inmates, Kurisu began calling in favors. He got some trees and plants donated, and almost $500,000 in grants won by the prisoners secured funding for other material costs. The inmates agreed to do the labor themselves. The largest remaining hurdle was the Japanese garden concept of shikkei, or borrowed scenery, in which the surroundings become another “material” in the designer’s toolbox. But incorporating the natural elements from the garden’s setting is difficult when the garden sits amidst guard towers, cell blocks and razor-wire-topped fences. For Kurisu, as much as anything, it was a problem of scale.
The principles and proportions of a Japanese garden remain in place regardless of where the garden is located, so how could he create something that worked with the looming impediments of the prison yard but still met strict regulations? “The prison walls were not the challenge; the challenge was the federal regulations,” he explains. He couldn’t use boulders or trees taller than three feet, and the pond could only be 18 inches deep.
As is often the case though, nature—or in this case, those longing for nature—finds a way. “Humans create human rules,” Kirusu chuckles. The inmates, who’d become skilled presenters and advocates, continued to press their case, and eventually, “the administration gradually opened their minds, and the top administrator finally said, ‘Okay, you guys — do it.’”
Finally, in November 2019, five years after the idea first arose, a nearly 16,000-square-foot space, with pines, maples, rocks, waterfalls and koi opened. Some of the men, locked up for decades, were so starved for nature that they hugged the new trees and curled up beneath them. Department of Corrections staff noted that the atmosphere and mood of the entire prison has been elevated.
Kurisu hopes that this could be the seed for changing the American prison system. “Nature’s power to carry away human agony is tremendous.”
Portions of this interview have been edited for clarity.

As a mom, you likely feel intense pressure to be the best. To do more. To be on top of it all. In reality, to be the best parent you’ve got to let to learn to focus on what’s important TO YOU (not to everyone else) and let the rest go. Your version of slack might be different than the below, but here are a few ideas on things you might want to let slide.
- Slide on up – How many times have you told your kid not to climb up the slide? Sure, you wouldn’t let them climb up the slide on a busy playground for both safety and fairness reasons, but if no one else is around, be a rebel. Say, “Hey, just this once, I think you should climb UP the slide. Hurry before anyone sees!” Your kid will think you’re cool, they’ll be excited to be breaking the rules and it’ll be your little secret that they’ll cherish.
- PTA Mama – Sure, we love our children and want to be involved in their school life. If you’re the mom who goes to every meeting and bakes awesome homemade goodies, more power to you. But, for some of us, we simply don’t have enough time or the desire to do so. If that’s you, don’t let the, “I didn’t see you at the PTA meeting” comments bug you. You do you and what makes sense for your family. And if you have one of THOSE class moms who makes you feel crappy about it, take the whole class top-notch pizza and the best bedazzled rice krispy treats money can buy and drop the mic.
- Task Rabbit It – For those of you who don’t know what this is, it’s a service where you hire out small tasks to people, and while we don’t recommend random strangers coming into your home, we are advocating for giving the small stuff you HATE doing to someone else. Sure, you can do the dishes, but if it’s the one thing that bugs you and it would make you happier to not, give it to someone else. It does have to get done, but it doesn’t have to be done by you. We may not all have deep pockets or uber-helpful children and partners, but get rid of the stuff that makes you cringe.
- Athleisure is the new fancy – There are days (or weeks) where yoga pants are the only thing you can manage. Pony tails are cute, yoga pants make your butt look good, and no one will know if you did or didn’t go to the gym. You do you.
- Something sweet – You planned an awesome Sunday dinner. You’ve slaved over it, but you told your kids it would be ready an hour ago, you’re running behind, and they are reminding you every minute that they’re “starving.” Our advice, present them with an unrequested dessert BEFORE dinner while they wait. This random act of kindness will make their day and calm their angst. They’ll know it’s special and won’t start asking for it every time, but they’ll also remember it fondly.
- Never ending errands – We’ve got one word of advice: Amazon. The occasional 1.5 hour long trip to Target can be family fun, but if your son hates shopping and his pants are hovering 2 inches off the floor, just order whatever you think will fit and return the rest. Sometimes dragging your kids to the store can create more stress than it’s worth. For boring things like toilet paper, unless you need it RIGHT now (pretty much) everyone has Prime and delivery is free. Make life easier and order online when it suits you.

national urban health mission|national rural health mission objectives|national rural health mission scheme|national urban health mission ppt|national urban health mission guidelines|
The National Rural health mission Launched on 12th april,2005 throughout the country with special focus on 18 states , including eight Empowered Action Group States, the Nourt-eastern states, Jammu and kashimir and Himachal Pradesh. The NRHM seeks to provide accessible, affordable and quality health care to the rural population , especially the vulnerable section,
The key features of the Mission include making the public health delivery system fully functional and accountable to the community involvement, decentralization, rigorous monitoring and evalutation against standards, convergence of health and related programmes from villages level upward, innovations and flexible financing and also interventions for improving the health indicators.
national urban health mission Core Strategies
- Train and enhance capacity of panchayati Raj Institions to own , control and manage public health services;
- Promote access to improved healthcare at household level though the female health activist (ASHA)
- Health plan for each village through village Health, sanitation & Nutrition Committee of the Panchayat;
- Strenghthening sub Cennter thorough a fund to Enable local Planing and action and more Multi-purpose workers.
- Strengthening existing Primary health center and community health center , and provision of 30-50 v bedded ChS per Lakh Population for improved Curative care to a Normative standard.
- Preparetion and implementation of an intersectoral District Health Plan Prepared by the District Health Mission , Including Drinking water, sanitation & Hygien in e and nutrition;
- Developing Capacities for Preventive Health care at all levels for Promoting healthy life styles ,reducation in consumption of tobacco and alcohol etc. Promoting Non-profit sector Particularly in underserved area
health mission scheme
May studies suggests that to meet he health care need of the rural population, the assessment of the infrastructure should be based on the availability and accessibility to the basic health services. The shortage in the basic infrastructure and manpower not only direct impact on availability and accessibility of the health care services by rural population
but also having greater impact on the health status of the people . it is importanwt to look at the social determinants of healthband its relation with the heslth status of the people , The WHO also emphasized on the need to consider the social determinants of health before making policy and Programmes.
According WHO World Health Organisation, the social Determinants of health are “the circumstances in which people are bron , grow up, live work and age, and the system put in place to deal with illness, These circumstances are in turn shaped by a wider set of forces; Economics, social policies and Politics.
In rural areas , People Experience Different social and economical barriers such as lack of basic health education and awareness, gender discrimination, economic constraints lack of them to different challenges to access the basic health services which creat health inequalities.
As far as the need of basic rural health care infrastructure is concerned the Government Should consider the socio and economic disparities that are existing in our country and various disparities that and existing in our country and various challenges faced by the rural Population, Also , the government should focus on to fill up the gaps that are existing in the present health care systems and accordingly the afforts need to Put forward.
Rural Health National Mission 2020 online aplly
Rural Health National Mission 2020 more information click in website
national urban health mission pdf
Rural Health National Mission 2020pdf file download

Your Doughnation purchase on Monday March 29 benefits The Highlands School! Mention them with order and they’ll receive 15% back. Applies at all locations, for take out, curbside, or free delivery, lunch or dinner. Enjoy pizza for a cause!
On Monday March 15, Mention Patriot Paws with order and they’ll receive 15% back!
We’ve teamed up with Dallas Kiwi Club to host this fundraiser.
The mission of Patriot Paws is to train and provide service dogs of the highest quality at no cost to disabled American veterans and others with mobile disabilities in order to help restore their physical and emotional independence.
Fundraiser applies at all i Fratelli Pizza locations, for lunch or dinner, take out, curbside or #freedelivery.
Mention Cotillion or Genesis with order and we’ll donate 15% back to help them continue their service to our community. Applies at all locations, for take-out, curbside or free delivery, lunch or dinner. Enjoy pizza for a cause!

Creating safety training videos that help keep workers safe
We really enjoy creating safety training videos for industrial and manufacturing clients. These safety videos have one purpose: keep employees safe from injury or worse on the job. For this recent shoot, we traveled to south Texas to film on location for a long-time client of ours.
This was one of those “challenging” shoots, where we just had to meet it head-on as each location presented itself. Tripod, light, and recorder/monitor were all on wheels; that was the right call on our set-up as we moved our "mobile studio" from machine to machine. Our set-up was key to get critical input from our safety training experts. Therefore, they could see everything we were shooting and we could shoot retakes as needed to show the process.
Very quickly our crew expanded to turn the workers into “lighting guys” and “production assistants” for our safety video production. The jokes flew about new careers in Hollywood. The crew bonding always happens as we deal with each scenario- acquiring good quality footage that hits the professional standard while also showing the all-important details that could save lives and avoid injuries.
It was hot. We all wore masks. We drank a lot of water. And we kept at it. From 7 AM until 2 PM, we demonstrated multiple “do’s and don’ts” at each station in both English and Spanish.
Creating safety training for products, processes and plants.
We were very lucky to be working with a great on-camera expert who handled the commentary and demonstrations with great skill. As always, the out-takes were really funny. There was a lot of verbal “slating” for each station and shot inserts. Without that, we could have gotten very lost in the editing room. We’ve learned to make verbal notes to ourselves while we’re recording the images.
As a result, the editing process was relatively easy and straightforward. We identified each station with English and Spanish title card headers. Usually, the review process has at least SOME adjustments. But the overall shoot and edit process worked well enough so that we got everything right the first time.
As the memory fades from this challenging COVID era shoot, we are left with a sense of accomplishment. We had applied our production skills and experience toward a worthy enterprise. Our client was happy with the result.
It’s going to communicate safe best practices to the hard-working people who are on the job every day.
As Austin-based video producers, we love what we do, even when it’s hard. The glimpse into the industrial world gives us a perspective that we couldn’t have without first-hand experience.
The safety training video production subject matter may have been specialized, but our tried-and-true production techniques worked.
Professional Safety Training Video Production
Our award-winning video production team will be pleased to help make your next project a success!

TPO launches Pensions Dishonesty Unit
Following The Pensions Ombudsman’s (TPO) recent high value Determinations in the Norton Motorcycles (around £10 million) and Henry Davison (around £3 million) cases, TPO has now established a dedicated Pensions Dishonesty Unit to investigate allegations of serious breaches of trust, misappropriation of pension funds and dishonest or fraudulent behaviour by pension scheme trustees.
The principal aim of the Pensions Dishonesty Unit is to hold the wrongdoers responsible for the unlawful gains they have made and ensure they repay these monies to the scheme members – many of whom have lost substantial sums and are now struggling to get by without their lifetime savings. While some of the schemes may also be eligible for the Fraud Compensation Fund, with whom we are engaging regularly, any money obtained for the members through our process will come directly from the hands of those responsible.
Anthony Arter, Pensions Ombudsman, said:
“A noticeable trend in recent years has been the increase in cases relating to trustee dishonesty and wrongdoing leading to substantial losses for individual pension scheme members. The Norton Determination demonstrated a change of approach for us which not only holds trustees personally liable but also has the potential to benefit all scheme members. The extension of this approach to other cases involving trustee dishonesty through the new Pensions Dishonesty Unit pilot is very significant; enabling quicker redress and the recovery of funds that may otherwise not be achieved, directly from the guilty party.”
The Pensions Dishonesty Unit is now up and running on a pilot basis and consists of experienced members of staff from TPO’s Casework and Legal departments who are now working on these specialist identified cases.
TPO has recently made two further Determinations relating to the Grosvenor and Grovesnor Schemes (around £1.2 million) and are following these up with enforcement action in the courts as we recognise how difficult it is for members of the public to pursue these matters alone.
TPO has Oral Hearings scheduled in relation to two other schemes in early February and late March and continue to receive new cases to investigate from individual members and independent trustees. TPO encourages both further applications of this nature and informal contact from independent trustees to discuss our potential involvement on a particular case.

Your e-commerce website is a place where you can highlight the mission of your business and educate your customers. There are no limits to what you can share, including your hopes for improving industries with proper considerations of environmental, social, and economic factors. Many members of the .xyz community promote sustainable practices in their fields. Healthcare platform Katarina.xyz uses the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals to guide their team. International architecture firm MADC.xyz approaches every new project with a focus on sustainability, including their low-carbon website design. And designer Rosenbloomboom.xyz is working to cultivate an inclusive and sustainable gaming industry. This week’s #WebsiteWednesday uses their e-commerce shop to help spread the word about organic and biodynamic natural wine production: PlantsAnimals.xyz.
PlantsAnimals.xyz is an e-commerce and delivery service specializing in natural wines, limited release beers, and specialty coffee beans for customers in the Seattle, WA area. Visitors of PlantsAnimals.xyz can enjoy the same feeling they have while shopping at their favorite specialty shop. You can peruse the natural wines by style, region, and distributor, and read product descriptions and suggested food pairings, almost as if you were receiving an in-store personalized overview of the product. PlantsAnimals.xyz describes Meinklang’s Prosa Rosé Frizzante as a lightly sparkling Pinot Noir with a hint of ripeness on the palate that pairs nicely with sushi, while their favorite red wine option, Ampeleia Unilitro, is perfect for pizza night or pasta with tomato-based sauces. You can also select a bottle from their well-curated collections such as Women in Wine, a grouping of wines produced by women winemakers.
Learn about natural winemaking and why PlantsAnimals.xyz deems it so important on the What is Natural Wine? page. The page explains that natural wines are farmed organically, with the least possible use of chemicals or additives. Natural wine is a seasonal agricultural product that reflects the place and conditions where it was grown. Because there may be varying standards for what classifies a wine as natural, the wines available on the website meet specific criteria developed by the shop owners. For a better understanding, customers can review the list of criteria on the same page. PlantsAnimals.xyz highlights the importance that natural winemaking plays in their hopes for a more sustainable wine industry. They express their goal of supporting “those who are working toward making fully natural wines and to tip the needle in favor of more organic and biodynamic wine production, more open wine ingredient publishing, less intervention in the cellar, and farming practices that are both sustainable and equitable.”
PlantsAnimals.xyz is a small business that amplifies their mission and beliefs with their e-commerce website. They reflect the unique .xyz in their name on their consistently branded Facebook (@Plants & Animals .XYZ ) and Instagram (@plantsanimals.xyz) handles, which makes them easier to find in a search and extends their brand recognition. PlantsAnimals.xyz promotes their wine selection by regularly highlighting unique products with colorful imagery and engaging information on these platforms, which can drive traffic back to their website. Learn more about natural winemaking and all of the specialty offerings by visiting PlantsAnimals.xyz.
XYZ is proud to share about the many incredible members that make up the XYZ community! We encourage you to do your own research before using the products and services of the websites we feature. The information about products and services contained in this blog post does not constitute endorsement or recommendation by XYZ.

Anne Lyle was born in what is known to the tourist industry as “Robin Hood Country”, and grew up fascinated by English history, folklore, and swashbuckling heroes. Unfortunately there was little demand in 1970s Nottingham for diminutive female swordswomen, so she studied sensible subjects like science and languages instead. It appears that although you can take the girl out of Sherwood Forest, you can’t take Sherwood Forest out of the girl. She now spends every spare hour writing (or at least planning) fantasy fiction about spies, actors, outlaws and other folk on the fringes of society. Her Night’s Masque series is set in an alternate history Elizabethan England, where the Virgin Queen married and had children while fanged and tattooed creatures from the New World walk the streets of London. Anne lives in Cambridge, a city full of medieval and Tudor buildings where cattle graze on the common land much as they did in Shakespeare’s London. She prides herself on being able to ride a horse (badly), sew a sampler and cut a quill pen but hasn’t the least idea how to drive one of those new-fangled automobile thingies.

Disturbing video as a group of White nationalists/ Nazi’s descended onto a communist book reading club at Red Ink on Camp street in Providence. Unknown who the group is however some stickers were placed around the downtown area recently. Providence has a gang problem and Mayor Elorza has chosen to ignore it and allow it to grow. There were no injuries reported. School vacation week? Who has a flag like that?

NEW ITEMS LOADING TO THE SITE. BARE WITH US WHILE WE MAKE UPDATES!
Ja'Dore Awareness Apparel, LLC.
APPAREL WITH A PURPOSE! GET DIPPED
SIGN UP TO STAY IN THE KNOW OF WHAT'S GOING ON WITH JA'DORE
Ja'Dore Awareness Apparel will bring awareness to different diagnoses through fashion. This is an apparel line with a purpose. We want to gift those who do not have a voice the loudest sounds they could ever make. This is all because of Anthony Jr. "Moo" Lyric Ja'Dore, older brother. the duo makes their mom Libra J., Hicks proud and robust each day.
Our Vision is to assist Our Children's Story, Inc to build more stability within the special needs community. We can raise money to support families who require services that will help provide just a slight relief in their struggles through fashion.
Core Values are the pit of how we operate. Without these values in place, we can not ensure the Mission and Vision will be met. We stand by these with no wavering.
Ja'Dore is the youngest of two. He is a little boy who is loving and feisty with a diagnosis of Autism. Lyric Ja'Dore received his diagnosis of Autism in 2017 and hasn't missed not one single beat in life since then.
Though sensory, OCD, ADD is an issue at times, that is not a barrier for this little boy. He loves the outdoors and people who are nice to him. He enjoys his electronics and TV Shows on Netflix.
This clothing line aims to help his big brother Anthony Jr. "Moo," have a voice in this world. Anthony Jr. "Moo" is the oldest of the two and diagnosed with cerebral palsy and Epilepsy. He is 100% dependent for all needs and requires 24/7 care from his nurse, mom, and grandmother.
Through fashion, we can spread not only Anthony's voice, voices from those who feel unheard.
Proceeds from this apparel line will benefit Our Children's Story, Inc. a nonprofit organization servicing the special needs community!. This organization was created by Libra in honor of her oldest son, Anthony Jr. "Moo"
COME GET DIPPED!!!
HELP US CONTINUE OUR MISSION TO SUPPORT FAMILIES WITHIN THE SPECIAL NEEDS COMMUNITY!!! WE APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT AND LOVE FOR AN OFTEN FORGOTTEN ABOUT COMMUNITY!

Are results guaranteed?
I believe in "you get out what you put in". I know my programmes work and give the desired results as they've worked for me and many clients. The DreamBuilder programme for example has transformed the lives of thousands and is a proven and reliable system developed by world famous life coach Mary Morrissey. Combined with EFT and NLP it will give you desired results and a powerful, personal transformation. HOWEVER, if you do not want to make decisions, do things differently, take actions or if you are not honest with yourself, then you will most likely not see the desired results. If you do what you've always done you get what you always got. So if you're ready for change and follow the steps and the proven and reliable system you will see results. The best thing about the programme is not just reaching your goals but your personal transformation and the person you are becoming in the process. You can compare life coaching to working with a personal coach. The coach can design your work out and meal plans so you can get the desired results (e.g. losing weight, build muscles etc) but in the end you have to follow the plan in order to get the result. If you choose to not work out and eat what you've always eaten you would probably also not be surprised that nothing changed. It is the same with life coaching where most of your work is mindset work and overcoming your limiting beliefs and tackling fear and doubt. If you're following the process and do the work you will see results.

love this product Lemongrass Gusto Bowl
- SKU FIESTA_723332_LEMONGRASS
- In stock
You've left the personalization field blank.
Continue without personalization?
Is your personalization entered exactly as you'd like it to appear?
Great!We've updated your contact preferences and will let you know when your item is back in stock.
Lemongrass Gusto Bowl
Bring colorful fun to the table with this bowl that boasts a bold hue and sleek modern design. The durable ceramic can withstand the oven and the freezer to make prep simple.
- 3.13'' H x 6'' diameter
- Holds 25 oz.
- Dishwasher-, microwave-, oven- and freezer-safe
- Made in the USA

Texas Chicken Farms
The below 3 Texas Chicken farms and ranches sell direct to consumers.
Any heritage breeds, free-range or specialty services are listed next to the farm.
Why buy local? Freshness, care, variety and the ability to deal directly with the person raising your livestock or poultry.
This list isn't necessarily meant to be a complete listing, but more of a listing of consumer-oriented farms that focus on quality.
If you are looking for a great place to buy fresh meat then stop here first. Also, please shoot me your experiences (positive or negative) or help me add any that should be listed here.
To submit a request, go to the add or update a farm page or email me the information - farms(AT)tipsforBBQ.com.
All Farms |
All Chicken Farms |
Alabama | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Delaware | Florida | Georgia | Illinois | Indiana | Kansas | Kentucky | Maryland | Massachusetts | Mississippi | Missouri | New Jersey | New York | North Carolina | Ohio | Oregon | Pennsylvania | South Carolina | Texas | Utah | Virginia | Washington | Wisconsin | Wyoming
||Dewberry Hills Farm
5619 FM 1624
Lexington, TX 78947
|At Dewberry Hills Farm, we raise pastured poultry and we've been told that it's really good chicken. We never use antibiotics and all our pastures are chemical free and have been for years. Come see us at the farmers markets in Austin.
8040 FM 642
Purdon, Texas 76679
|Located between Dallas and Waco we supply grass-finished beef cuts, soy-free/corn-free/gmo-free broiler chickens and turkeys and egg. Browse our website to learn more. We can deliver. Our customer comments say a lot about the quality of our products. We support other small farm businesses that process our meats which are USDA inspected. Thanks for checking out our website!
||Kenz Henz and Hatchery
15701 Fir Rd
Santa Fe, Texas
|We are a fairly new Hatchery/Breeders. We mostly sell eating eggs for $3.00 a dozen and we have the capacity to hatch up to 5,000 chicks a month. While small in size, we take great pride in our flock and how they are raised. The birds are put up in pens every night and are let out at sunup to graze on open range for grasses, weeds, seeds and bugs. Please call for more information.
|Farm owners: click here if you would like to add or update the information for a farm.

Parisien Etudiant business school rankings: KEDGE...
Alexandre, from Chantenay-Villedieu, has been preparing for this event for many months and has followed a high-level programme to achieve his goal: run and finish the Paris marathon.
Despite having cystic fibrosis, a disease that affects nearly 6,000 people in France, and having had a double lung transplant four years ago, Alexandre accomplished the feat of finishing the Paris Marathon in 5 hours 31 minutes. During the entire race, he was accompanied by his surgeon, Antoine Mugniot, who had decided to accompany his young patient in his crazy adventure, even though hadn't adequately prepared and had never run such a long distance.
This is just one more amazing feat for Alexandre, who has already completed a tour of Europe of more than 10,000-kilometres in 2015, a cross-Atlantic sailing trip cut short by the Covid crisis, and the writing of a book about his own story, Un souffle d’espoir,

End of Year Editorial from MP Mel Arnold
December 21, 2021
As we wind down one year and look ahead to the next, it is natural that we hope for a better year to come. Even when our lives are healthy, full and secure, we hope for better days ahead for all, especially for those who need it the most.
It goes without saying that this year has been especially difficult for many British Columbians as we weathered the pandemic that continues to affect us all and the wildfires, floods and landslides that inflicted severe damages on many communities.
As we faced the threats of 2021, I was consistently grateful for the grit and determination of those who serve to help us, to protect us and help us recover. There are many to whom we owe a debt of gratitude for their service as they provided essential goods and services, healthcare, public safety, education and support for citizens and communities faced with the challenges of recovery.
From the service of these citizens, and many others for whom I am grateful, I hope we can all draw motivation to likewise serve our communities in whatever ways we can, big or small, because we all have something to offer.
In May, Canadians learned of the remains of at least 215 Indigenous children confirmed to be buried at the former Kamloops Indian Residential School. The revelations at Kamloops and others that have since been made elsewhere demonstrate that more work must be done on the path to reconciliation. I have called, and will continue to call, on the government to implement calls to action of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
In 2021, one of the challenges I worked through as your federal representative was finding the balance point amidst the diverse needs and hopes shared with me by constituents in the thousands of emails, phone calls and engagements. From housing and labour shortages, to the impacts of addiction, to slow downs in the immigration system, to the needs for more mental health supports, and the need to get businesses fully operational again, there are many challenges.
2021 was a truly memorable year as my wife and I became grandparents for the first time. Being a grandparent brings new perspectives and I am more determined than ever to continue working in Parliament for a bright future for present and future generations; a future where everyone can have a place to call home, a reliable, steady income, and an affordable retirement.
During a pandemic that has affected so many, I was especially grateful for my health and that of my family this year and my hope is that our communities, province, and nation will see good health in the year ahead. I also sincerely hope that Canada and the global community will emerge from the pandemic and take strong strides of recovery towards a brighter future.
I wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and the opportunity to celebrate in a way that aligns with your faith. All the best of life in 2022!

MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Wisconsin Republicans asked the U.S. Supreme Court on Saturday to block extended absentee voting in Tuesday’s primary, despite public health fears about in-person voting amid the coronavirus pandemic.
Republicans are asking the high court to undo a federal judge’s ruling this week that declined to postpone the election but added six days, to April 13, for people to submit absentee ballots.
The GOP argued in their brief to Justice Brett Kavanaugh that the absentee extension is “a deeply consequential and disruptive change” that risks confusing voters, comes too close to the election and unfairly creates two different deadlines for voters — one for in-person voting and one for absentees.
“Absentee voting should not be a procedure that gives some voters dramatically different incentives and information than others, permits advocacy groups to strategically chase down ballots that were not cast on election day, and otherwise disrupts Wisconsin statutes that aim to separate cleanly the time for ballot casting and ballot counting,” their filing said, requesting a stay by Monday.
Liberal groups who brought the lawsuit have until Sunday afternoon to respond.
Wisconsin stands apart from other states in trying to hold to its April election date even though Gov. Tony Evers has issued a statewide stay-at-home order. It also comes as Wisconsin’s chief medical officer has credited the order for helping slow the rate of infections in the state.
Fears over in-person voting and a curtailed absentee period may hit Democratic-leaning Milwaukee hardest. City officials there have said they have so few poll workers available that they can operate only five polling sites, creating the prospect of many voters funneled to just a few locations. Milwaukee has cut polling places from 180 to just five. In La Crosse, polls have been cut from 13 to eight.
Fifteen states have delayed their primaries to protect voters and poll workers from the virus. Alaska, Wyoming, Hawaii and Louisiana were set to hold elections Saturday, but pushed those contests back. Louisiana’s presidential primary is now set for June 20. Democrats in Alaska and Wyoming have decided to hold their party-run contests by mail only and have pushed back the deadline for turning in ballots.
Evers initially joined Republican leaders in seeking to hold the primary as planned on Tuesday, but as Covid-19 numbers continue to grow and it becomes harder to find poll workers to man elections on Tuesday, he now favors an all-mail election with absentee voting well into May. Republicans maintain that Tuesday’s in-person voting should go on as planned.
The election features the Democratic presidential primary between Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders, but a bigger concern for Republicans is a high-stakes state Supreme Court race featuring a conservative incumbent against a liberal challenger.
A key race on the ballot is for a seat on the bitterly partisan Wisconsin Supreme Court, where conservatives holding a 5-2 advantage. Judge Daniel Kelly, a conservative appointed by Scott Walker to fille the unexpired term of Justice David Prosser, faces a challenge from Dane County Circuit Court Judge Jill Karofsky, for a 10-year term.
Liberal groups have taken the matter to the courts, and won a partial victory when Judge William Conley declined to postpone in-person voting while extending absentee voting until April 13. The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals late Friday rejected Republicans’ appeal of that decision.
Assembly Speaker Robin Vos and Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald, both Republicans, said in a statement late Friday announcing their Supreme Court appeal that they “still have grave concerns about election security” by allowing votes to be submitted beyond Election Day.
Evers has said he can’t move or change the election on his own. He called a special session for Saturday afternoon, asking Republicans to take up bills that would convert the election to all-mail and give voters until May 26 to return ballots. Vos and Fitzgerald said they wouldn’t do it. They met Saturday as required, but immediately adjourned. Evers accused Republicans of “playing politics with public safety and ignoring the urgency of this public health crisis.”
Local races are also on Tuesday’s ballot, and filling those offices were a reason both Republicans and Evers cited when they had initially agreed to keep the election on track. They also said there was no guarantee the virus crisis would fade if the election was pushed back by weeks or months.

Good Morning & Happy Friday Everyone!!!!
I'm so very excited about the new Holiday Mini that went live yesterday! I do LOVE a lot of the new products that are available to order & even though I didn't get any of the new Halloween stuff; I think my card still SCREAMS Happy Halloween!!!!
I started this off with a pretty basic layout that I cased from one of my swap group friends & proceeded to add my own lil' flair! That spooky image was just dying to be sponged so I went at it & I am VERY happy with how it turned out! I couldn't leave the sentiment stark white so I sponged that baby too LOL!! I added ink to my embossed background, stamped some trees from Spooky Bingo Bits & added my ribbon.....DONE!!!!!
I have a pretty busy day & weekend ahead of me with my Holiday Mini Open House coming up so I need to get back to work! Thanks so much for stopping by & I hope you all have a FABULOUS weekend!!!!!
Until Next Time,
Hugs & Love,
Supplies: House of Haunts & Spooky Bingo Bits Stampsets; Old Olive, Basic Black & Whisper White Cardstock; Basic Black, Old Olive, Cajun Craze, Daffodil Delight & Whisper White Ink; Frightful Sight DSP; Big Shot; Stripes Embossing Folder; Mini Silver Brads; 1/8" Basic Black Taffeta Ribbon; Decorative Label, Scallop Oval & Scallop Trim Border Punches; Sponge; White Gel Pen; Dimensionals

This coffee is one of the agriculture products traditionally grown by the native Lombok, Sasak tribe, at the hills of Mount Rinjani, Indonesia’s second highest peak. Their best coffee region is situated in Northern region due to its geography and climate. Sasak tribe serves coffee during their traditional ceremonies as well. Look for bright notes and darker flavour with hints of spices and wood.
Serving suggestion: best for drip coffee brewing @ 18 gr/cup.
Store in airtight container, away from sunlight
Single Origin - Fine Robusta
Roasting Profile: Medium Dark
Roasted in Canada
1 lb / 454 gr
Producer: Farmers in North Lombok – West Nusa Tenggara – Indonesia
Altitude: 450 - 800 masl in volcanic loam

For us, Polish people, there are many associations with Christmas such as beautiful carols signing, tumultous family reunions, Oplatek (wafer) sharing, snowy winter, Christmas tree or abundant eating. Last Christmas, in many ways, was so different from all the ones we have known.
Carols singing is virtually an unknown custom in OZ. Even at church hardly anybody moves their lips along with some choir members. It is a pity since English carols are beautiful indeed. Wojtek Jr. remembered about his opera voice and decided to sing a bit on the Cairns Esplanade on Boxing Day. Just in case he placed a cap “for donation” in front of him. Unlike his earlier, highly successful street violin perfomances at Christmas time in Wroclaw main square, this time around he did not earn anything . Instead, he learned one of the old truths in life about “positioning oneself for success” .
His voice could barely be heard at the place where he was singing under a Christmas tree. Besides, it was hard to get through a noisy, old rockman across the street. It was a good lesson for Wojtus of both life and a few, new English carols. Win, win.
Except some breaking Skype calls, this time we were far away from our families. We were with ourselves. Thanks to that we had more time for conversations, walking or sleap. No television!! Father Stanislaw from Gold Coast gave us a generous wrapping of Oplatek (wafer). Its sharing, which is a common Polish tradition, is highly regarded by many foreigners as well.
Obviously, you can only dream about snow in Australia at Christmas. Though Melbourne saw a hail storm this year, it aint’t the same. Here in the tropics of Cairns it was well above 30 C. In central Australia where we are now it was even hotter. The place I am writing from, Alice Springs, recorded 44 C on Christmas Day!!! It sounds strange to hear English carols with many references to winter and snow here in OZ. Somebody living in the southern hemisphere could come up with some new texts and Christmas songs better fitting the Christmas summer.
Chrsitmas trees in Australia are definitely made of plastic. We had to resort to a few palm branches and some makeshift decorations to have a “tree” of our own as well.
Lastly, instead of having typical 12 dishes on our Christmas Eve supper table we counted … 12 ingredients, used for making the two dishes we had. For dessert Ania baked delicious cheescake according to the recipe from Henia from Brisbane, and of course our sabbatical staple, banana cake. We even enjoyed this moderation in eating. Perhaps it was our first Christmas without gaining any weight.
PS Thanks to all for your Christmas wishes!

If you are a pet lover and you are planning to acquire Labradoodle Puppies, you should ensure that you buy from a reliable dealer near you. Notably, there are numerous Labradoodle Puppies dealer dealers to consider but not all will have what you want. You should therefore take your time and research to identify a Labradoodle Puppies dealer you can trust to provide healthy and good-looking Labradoodle puppies. To assist you in your search, here are some critical factors to consider when looking for the best Labradoodle Puppies dealer in your area.
The first element to consider when choosing a Labradoodle Puppies dealer near you is the breeds they offer. You need to ensure that the Puppies dealer is selling legit labradoodle puppies. This is essential to avoid buying the wrong breed from con dealers in the market. Ask for pictures of the puppies beforehand to see what they have in store.
Another factor to think about when looking for pp is the breeder’s pricing. In general, you should not visit just one pp breeder when deciding to buy a puppy from them; instead, you should visit several pp dealers to ensure that you get the best breed at the best price. The price of Labradoodle Puppies varies depending on the breed.
The next thing that you should look for is the condition of the pp. There are numerous aspects that you should look for while you visit the facility that will help you determine the puppy to choose. Remember breeders have several puppies within their facility and it’s upon you to select the one that you want. Spend time at the facility to observe the puppy’s reaction at various times. This includes whether or not it is eager to eat during mealtime. Examine whether the puppy is playful with other puppies and whether the puppy is confident or prefers to stay in one corner the majority of the time. Examine the skin to ensure that it is smooth, clean, and free of bumps. Choose a puppy that scores well on all of these tests as a sign that it is healthy.
The majority of the puppies are the result of breeding. Puppies’ behaviors are determined by their breed, which varies depending on the breed. There are a lot of breeders out there, most of whom are more concerned with making money than with the welfare of the puppies. Breeding has an impact on the dog’s health as well as its behavior. Puppies with poor health can be found as a result of poor and improper breeding. If the puppies were mistreated during their early stages of development, it would be difficult for them to trust humans, making them ill-tempered. Request recommendations for the best puppy breeders to ensure that you get the best breed that will not be a nuisance to you. Check on how the breeder is treating each of the breeds since this will have an impact on the puppies once sold to the public.

From the CBC’s Referendum story page
Angus Reid, a veteran in the polling business, called the referendum “one of the most amateurish, one-sided attempts to gauge the public will that I have seen in my professional career.”
Critics also said some of the principles on the ballot, such as whether natives should continue to be exempt from taxes, are beyond the power of the province to negotiate.
The Charter of Rights and Freedoms protects “aboriginal treaty and other rights,” and recent Supreme Court decisions have upheld such rights as exemption from taxation.
and finally, some interesting groups united in opposition:
Several religious and political groups have backed a native boycott of the referendum. The Anglican Church, the United Church, the Presbytery of New Westminster, the Canadian Jewish Congress and the Canadian Muslim Federation have all condemned the plebiscite. So have the B.C. Federation of Labour, the Council of Senior Citizens and the David Suzuki Foundation.
(thanks to Brahm for reminding me I was going to post something from that article)

A cross sectional epidemiological study was carried out to investigate the validity of persistent nocturnal cough (PNC) as an independent marker of childhood asthma. A screening questionnaire on respiratory symptoms was applied to 4003 children attending primary schools in Aberdeen, after which 799 symptomatic children and a random selection of 229 asymptomatic children were invited to attend for a diagnostic interview. Six hundred and seven (359 boys and 248 girls) symptomatic children and 135 asymptomatic children (57 boys and 78 girls) were selected from the screening questionnaires. Of 607 children with respiratory symptoms when interviewed, 27 (nine boys and 18 girls) had isolated PNC, and 97 (51 boys and 46 girls) had multiple symptoms (polysymptomatic asthma). The incidence of prematurity was highest in the group with PNC (19%). The prevalence of hay fever in children with PNC (11%) was similar to that of the asymptomatic group (15%) and less than that in the group with polysymptomatic asthma (41%). Eczema was twice as common in the PNC (19%) as in the asymptomatic children (10%) but only half as common in the polysymptomatic asthma group (35%). The prevalence of a parental history of hay fever was similar in all three groups. The prevalence of a parental history of eczema was similar in the PNC (7%) and asymptomatic (7%) groups but higher in the polysymptomatic asthma group (22%). The prevalence of a history of parental asthma was 30% in children with PNC, 13% in the asymptomatic group, and 42% in those with polysymptomatic asthma. The parents of three (11%) children with PNC were aware of a diagnosis of asthma; two of these children (7%) were on inhaled bronchodilator treatment and one (4%) was on a slow release theophylline preparation. Using a stepwise discriminant analysis procedure, in 18 (67%) children with PNC predicted membership was in the asymptomatic group and only nine (33%) children with PNC were grouped into the polysymptomatic asthma category. It is concluded that the clinical features of children with PNC resembled those of the asymptomatic population more closely than those of the polysymptomatic asthmatic population. In this age group PNC, in the absence of wheeze, shortness of breath or tightness in the chest, is likely to be a manifestation of atypical or hidden asthma in only a minority of cases.
Statistics from Altmetric.com
If you wish to reuse any or all of this article please use the link below which will take you to the Copyright Clearance Center’s RightsLink service. You will be able to get a quick price and instant permission to reuse the content in many different ways.

I’m not sure where I first saw this–I think it was on MediaBistro–but it’s so amusing that I can’t not talk about it. Say what you will about Fifty Shades of Grey (believe me, I’ve read it, so I know), it has certainly given rise to lively conversations and entertaining bits of creative frivolity. I’ve read and watched a lot of, and this is by far my favorite yet.
When comedians Brian Brushwood and Justin Robert Young of the NSFW Show noticed that erotica–namely Fifty Shades of Grey and books that look like Fifty Shades of Grey–was dominating the iBookstore charts, they decided to see just how discerning (or not) the readers who are begging for more literary dirtybadfun are. Was it possible, they wondered, for a “terribly written book that makes no sense and just has a lot of banging” to win the hearts and minds of unknowing readers? Craving an answer, they asked the internet to write a totally fake erotica book, and they published it. Here’s what happened:[youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzN1kI6K-fk&feature=player_embedded#![/youtube]
The Diamond Club hit Apple’s virtual shelves on July 29. It was written completely by the internet, and no one had read the whole thing before it went up. But it had 1) a cover that looks like the Fifty Shades series covers, 2) lots and lots of sex, and 3) characters with extremely trendy jobs. (Brushwood and Young haven’t read Fifty Shades, so they had no way of knowing that pretty much nothing in it is actually trendy–I mean, the heroine gets her first email account at the age of 21.)
At this writing, The Diamond Club is in the #4 spot on the iBookstore bestseller chart, just behind the Fifty Shades trilogy and ahead (to the detriment of readers everywhere) of Gillian Flynn’s fantastic blockbuster Gone Girl (which, for the record, is nothing like Fifty Shades of Grey). It has 1440 customer reviews, many of which we can assume are fake (and are from the same fans who helped write the fake book), but some of them are bound to be real, from the sort of unsuspecting readers Brushwood and Young set out to dupe. (If you have a little time to kill, you could do worse than spending a few minutes trying to tell the real reviews from the fake ones.) Just how bad is it? You can find out for yourself for only 99 cents. The Diamond Club is also available at Amazon (where it has cracked the top 100) and Barnes & Noble.
What’s the verdict, readers? Is this a fun poke at the new highs (or lows) of literary ridiculousness, or a disturbing revelation about the current state of reader-hood? And do I have to read The Diamond Club now?

Description and use
Constructed with gradient density thermally-bonded polypropylene microfiber media, absolute-rated Flotrex AP (FAP) filters (Figure 1) combine exceptional solids-holding capacities with precise micron retention ratings. The FAP filters are constructed of FDA acceptable high-purity polypropylene.
FAP filters are absolute-rated for air, gas, and liquid filtration with low pressure drop across the wide range of 0.65 to 40 microns. Sheets of melt-blown media are layered to provide absolute particle retention, high solids loading, and long service life.
Typical Flotrex AP filtration applications include:
• Prefiltration and Final Chemical Filtration – broad chemical compatibility
• Prefiltration of Pharmaceuticals and Biological Fluids – dependable protection for final filters
• High Throughput for Beer Filtration
Flotrex AP filters are available the following absolute pore size micron ratings: 0.65, 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 20, and 40 µm. Tables 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 show further details on materials of construction, dimensions, operational limits, and flow performance in air and water.

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Practice Relating to Rule 34. Journalists
The UK LOAC Manual (2004) states:
Apart from war correspondents accredited to the armed forces, who have prisoner of war status on capture, journalists engaged in professional missions in areas of armed conflict are entitled to the protection afforded a civilian. A special identity card certifying status as a journalist may be issued by the state of which the individual is a national, or in which he resides, or where his employer is located.
In 2003, in reply to a written question in the House of Commons asking whether there would be “an inquiry into the numbers of deaths of journalists during the current campaign in Iraq”, the UK Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Defence wrote:
All reports of coalition action resulting in the deaths of civilians are investigated. The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland works with coalition partners to verify the facts of such reported incidents. The profession of civilian casualties is not a concern when investigating such incidents.
Very careful attention is applied to ensure that in the coalition’s campaign the risk of damage to civilian populations and infrastructure is minimised. However, military action is never without risk, and lawful actions against military targets may result in harm to civilians. Any civilian casualties resulting from military action are deeply regretted.
The active battlefield is not a benign environment and coalition forces cannot be held responsible for, or guarantee the safety of, journalists who enter such a location independently. This is one of the reasons why we have embedded war correspondents whose activities can be properly co-ordinated with our own forces.

Mergers & Acquisitions
We value excellence in advising on a full range of M&A projects.
We provide legal assistance to investment funds and their portfolio companies, state-owned companies, international corporations, medium-sized enterprises, and private businesses.
Our clients operate in such sectors as banking, finance, insurance, construction, real estate, retail, FMCG, energy and environmental, automotive, media, and many more.GET IN TOUCH
Team devoted to projects, excellent response time, very responsive, shows appreciation for commercial/business aspects of matters, pleasure to work with on a day-to-day basis.
The Legal 500 EMEA

ISLAMABAD: The Council of Islamic Ideology (CII) has declared the procedure of handcuffing suspects of the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) before conviction as violation of the Pakistani law and Islamic jurisprudence.
“Defaming a suspect and exposing him on media before his conviction is against the basic human values spelled out in Islamic teachings,” said CII Chairman Qibla Ayaz while addressing the media after chairing a daylong meeting of the council on Thursday.
“Violent suspects can be handcuffed,” said the CII chairman.
The CII chairman urged NAB to refrain from such practices.
A committee, headed by Justice (retd) Raza Khan, has also been formed to evaluate the NAB Ordinance in light of Islamic jurisprudence.
“The committee will critically evaluate whether or not the laws of NAB Ordinance are in contravention of Islamic law in order to ensure compliance of the 1973 Constitution which makes it mandatory for every law in the country to be consistent with the teachings of Quran and Sunnah,” said Ayaz.
The CII chairman expressed deep concern over the Aurat March held last month and the inappropriate slogans and banners during the protest.
“The council has resolved that it will extensively study the causes behind dysfunctional families,” said the chairman. “The council believes that in light of Articles 227 to 231 of the Constitution, the CII must present recommendations to help Pakistani Muslims streamline their individual and social lives in accordance with the principles enacted in the Quran and Sunnah.”
He said issues surrounding family life could not be resolved with emotional speeches and slogans, “instead advocating extensive research into the underlying factors is needed”.
He said the council also observed that there was a communication gap between the teachers and students in colleges and universities while co-curricular activities were on the decline.
“Consequently, the young generation is under intense mental pressure,” he said, urging the Ministry of Education and Higher Education Commission to formulate a strategy for the purpose.
“Impulsive and spontaneous reactions to problems will do no good,” he added.
The council held a key session with President Dr Arif Alvi on April 3 at the President House.
It was decided in the session that recommendation would be sought from religious communities and Ulema on environmental safety, forests, plant nurseries, water preservation, compliance of food safety principles and ensuring right to property for women.
The council is expected to hold a convention at the President House with the coordination of Ministry of Religious Affairs and Ministry of Climate Change.
The CII chairman assured President Alvi during the session that the council would make all possible efforts to spread the Paigham-e-Pakistan message and its narrative. “The message will be incorporated in the syllabus of madrassas and universities alike,” said Ayaz.
To a question, the CII chairman said the council would seek opinions over granting permission for alcohol in the name of minorities from the minority affairs minister.
The council expressed concern over the growing Islamophobia in the west and demanded of Europe, United States and other countries to play their role in ensuring protection of Muslims in their respective states.
The council also condemned the assassination attempt on Maulana Taqi Usmani and murder of Prof Khalid Hameed at Sadiq Egerton College Bahawalpur.
Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.
For more information, please see our Comments FAQ

Well, 2020 has come and gone, hasn’t it? I’ve attempted to write a few times. However, it seemed either like shouting into the wind or sliced a little too deep into some painful spots of the year.
We’ve found ourselves back in America.
And we’ve found ourselves living on a farm, something that we’ve always longed to do. And we’re living in our favorite part of the state. And, as of this week, Michael got basically his dream situation for if he had to be employed in something other than a missions role.
And I feel unworthy.
A couple days ago, I was talking to my daughter about our plans for our large garden next year. I said that I didn’t know what I should add to it.
“You can always add more flowers, Mama. Get some more flower seeds, Mama, and make the world a more beautiful place.”
And we come back to that refrain. And I’ll try.
It doesn’t look at all like I anticipated it would. But I’ll try anyway.
It’s been a bit of a wild month. Our little guy was over two weeks overdue. My parents came from America for two weeks, and now we’ve been on lockdown for over a week due to the spread of the coronavirus. Today, I wanted to share some photos from the last month to fight against fear with gratitude. We have found beauty and created beauty in so many places this month, but the most obvious was in the birth of our little boy.
We grieve with the world around us, as we see the effects of the Coronavirus. We also have hope with the world around us. I’ve found that as a homeschooling mom and a one-vehicle family, there really has been very little change to our daily life other than the ability to get groceries or go on extended walks, and Michael is home all the time now instead of his REALLY unpredictable ministry schedule.
I see many people who are frustrated that they are stuck at home. I greatly desire to help encourage parents who are unexpectedly at home with their kids, and I can sympathize. It is difficult when sinners all get cooped up in a house together, isn’t it?
I’d like to take a minute to acknowledge that unexpected “homeschoolers” have a hard job. Distance education/school at home isn’t necessarily “homeschool.” Homeschoolers have the ability to choose our curriculums, our days of education, what’s working and what’s not. We’ve intentionally made decisions, studied, and planned for this. I scrapped a grammar curriculum just last week because it wasn’t working for one of my kids, and right now I’m staying busy working on planning for the next school year. Many of you who are teaching your kids right now have no control over things like curriculum, and when your kids aren’t understanding, you feel powerless. Homeschooling isn’t like that.
So I wanted to acknowledge those who are working hard and adapting to things they never planned to do. It’s tough work, and you’re doing your best.
I also wanted to give a very light word of caution. Please express your feelings about staying home with your kids in a positive light. Kids hear. Everything. And remember…everything. If they happen to overhear you talking about being “stuck” with them, or how you’re wanting to drink because you’ve been in the same house with them for what seems like ages, they’ll remember it.
You feel powerless, and that’s where your feelings are coming from. But you are an adult with agency to make decisions (stay at home, or go out? make healthy food, or eat comforting less-healthy food? netflix every single season of that show or tear into a new project?) Your kiddos have very little agency. And if they’re hearing the news or reading over your shoulder while you’re scrolling on your phone (I’ve got some nosy parkers too…), they’ll realize that the world can be a scary place right now. Whom will they turn to for comfort if they’ve taken to heart the idea that you’re sick of them?
Off that soapbox for now. Here’s a bit of a list of some of the “extra” things aside from our usual homeschooling we’ve been doing to fill in the gaps of time that Michael would normally be working.
Additional audiobooks. (Audible has a bunch of books for free right now that you aren’t required to have a membership for.)
Art lessons, book readalouds, and concerts for free online. We try to only do one a day, because we still attempt to really limit the kids’ screen time.
That being said, between the kids being “off schedule” and a newborn, my yarn projects and sewing projects have taken a back seat. I had hoped to have child number 3’s Christmas sweater done four days from now. It’s not looking like that’s going to happen, as I’m only about 70% done. Sigh. It’s only March, right?
Unfortunately, the places I buy my yarn and fabric have closed down my ability to purchase from them right now. (Thank you, Wool Warehouse for taking the health of your employees into consideration!) So I guess I just have to finish the projects I’ve got.
I used to think I’d be a bandage wrapper, a makeshift nurse, or some sort of an active participant in saving the world, should I be needed. Turns out that the best thing that I can do to save the world is to stay at home and love my children.
And that’s what I intend to do.
God, help me to do my best and smooth over my failings with your grace. Amen.
While we wait for baby to decide to show his face, I’ve managed to do every chore imaginable (even washed the outdoor windows one nicer day) and also work a little bit more on some knitting projects. I like how the blue sock yarn is turning out for my third son’s Christmas sweater.
I also enjoy working in the round. The piecing together for the baby’s sweater will be easy, but working in the round is so satisfying and goes by so quickly.
As the baby is nearly two weeks overdue, I told my husband that if I finish our third son’s sweater before the baby comes out, I will cry. Who am I kidding, though? I cry a lot these days, to begin with.
Nearly every day, I wake up feeling guilty for being crabby at the other four kids, so I try to make up for it with a baked good or special breakfast. So not only are the kids anxious about the timing of our blessed event, they’re over-sugared. Sigh.
It’s a season. It will pass.
In better news, much of next school year is planned, and I’ve been able to work on my French language learning. 🙂
More Christmas Sweater Decisions
I decided on the Christmas sweaters for the two remaining kids. Our oldest will be getting the Teeny Geena Sweater, although I haven’t decided on yarns yet. His favorite color is red, but he likes hand-dyed or variegated yarns. I’m concerned that with the raglan sleeves it might be kind of wonky looking if I use a more textured color. Rowan does have some really beautiful hemp tweed that I love the look of, but it’s a little more cost-prohibitive for a very active boy’s sweater.
Our only girl loves sweater dresses and pockets, so I chose a combo of the two with the Fiona pattern (short-sleeved edition because it’s so mild here.) For the last two years, every time she’s been asked her favorite colors, her response is this verbatim: “pink and purple and orange and grey.”
So here’s what I’ll end up using:
I hope you’re having a fine day filled with color and sunshine. If not, I hope you’re enjoying a chance to snuggle under a blanket and read a good book or do something that refreshes your soul.
A couple of months after we arrived, a friend gave us two armchairs for free. The vinyl had scraped off in multiple areas. Not one to say no to free furniture (and probably an incurable optimist when it comes to “potential” and rehabbing things,) I just could not let these chairs go.
Funnily enough, I just saw a group of six of these exact same chairs with scraped off vinyl going for free on our local “freecycle” kind of Facebook group. So with the damage being consistent with eight or more of the same make and model of chair, I think it was just poorly manufactured.
I have great plans to recover them, one with a navy fabric and one with a floral with pops of navy blue because I deeply miss having the floral accent chair that I recovered so long ago. Unfortunately, the kids keep on picking more vinyl off, so I covered them with some free Sesame Street duvet covers that we were given. (Free fabric must have its use.) And that made it worse. Ha ha ha!
A couple of weeks ago, I got a package with some surprise yarn in it. I adored the colors. I began playing around and decided to make a mini chair cover/lap blanket for one of the chairs. I finished it up last week and temporarily pinned it into place. This summer, I will recover the other chair first, which means ripping it apart to come up with the pattern. At least this one will look presentable in the meantime.
Also, of note, I had multiple windows open much of the day.
We’ve been busy preparing for little man around here. That doesn’t mean that no crafting has been done. In fact, I’m sooooo close to finishing up a little blanket that will be used on our porch to cover up some wear and tear on an armchair until I have time to recover it. I’m running out of yarn, so it may be as big as it is going to get pretty soon.
We’ve also been beginning the process of double digging our garden beds. Yes, it’s February. Yes, this throws off everything we’ve ever known about gardening, but we’ve been watching local gardeners, and they’re beginning to prepare their beds now.
So that also means finishing up the purchasing of our seeds and starting our seeds. My husband managed to find some bio (organic) sweet potatoes today to get started indoors. Sweet potatoes (patate douce) are fairly expensive here compared to in the states, and they are so nutritionally dense, so we wanted to ensure that we’d have a good crop of them.
We’ve only got about 200 square feet of in-ground garden, not for lack of space, but for practicality. (We also will have 15 or so medium-sized containers.) Michael will be gone many hours beginning in March, and I’ll be in charge of the five kids and maintaining our little garden operation here. This year, it needed to be easier. So we’re doing a high-density double dug garden, based on the recommendations of John Seymour in The Self-Sufficient Gardener. But since the growing season here runs from early April through late November, we’re hoping to have several mid-season replantings and reap a huge harvest of…cabbages and beets and greens and such. Our kids are generally pretty tolerant of our healthier cooking as long as we season it well enough, but the amount of cabbage I’m foreseeing might push past their limits.
We are reusing seeds from last year as our primary seeds and then filling in with seeds for the things that are most expensive or hard to find here in France (celery, sweet potatoes, hot peppers, cilantro, etc.) We did make a couple of purchases of seeds that the kids requested (American watermelons, because the French ones are just not the same.)
Around our yard, we’ve been so pleased to see signs of Spring everywhere.
A friend sent a lovely package with some tea and cloth napkins from vintage cloth, and it’s been so delightful to hang them up on our laundry rack. I’m looking forward to March, when it will be much more temperate and line drying outdoors will be again a more feasible task for us.
I’m hoping that you’re finding beauty even on days that may be grey and gloomy.
I keenly feel for my friends back home this week, after our crocus sightings and then when daffodils started popping up in our garden. Living “up north” in the United States can be brutally beautiful. The prospect of several more months of bleak skies and cold temperatures is daunting for many. So I wanted to highlight the color grey in my color inspiration series this week, as an ode to Minnesota’s winters, as it were.
Because we work in a fairly industrial French city, there are a lot of examples of grey brickwork or grey sidewalks as well. For this post, my mind was stuck in Minnesota, so I chose mostly photos from “back home” as examples.
It’s more difficult for me to find examples of grey as an accent color in my photo collection. My eyes naturally get drawn to the brightest in the photos–much like when I wrote about brown here.
I’ve made 10 or 15 blankets with grey as a primary color in them. Grey always seems to set off the colors around it beautifully, like a best friend highlighting your “good bits” and smoothing over your failures for you. But grey as a solid (like the solid grey celtic blanket I made here) is lovely and cosy as well.
I wonder if you can find an instance of grey and focus on it as a beautiful piece of art this week. It might be difficult, but it may also help shift your perspective from “endless winter” to “understated elegance.”
The sun shone quite a bit today, revealing some Dutch crocuses in our yard to little eyes.
Crocuses in January.
New Yarn for a New Crocheter
I did get a yarn order this week, which was exciting. My oldest managed to get three balls of Stylecraft in my order. He began crocheting last week or the week before, and he’s doing so well after knitting for a few years, so I thought I’d let him pick a few skeins of his own to use colors he enjoys. He’s always been a jewel tones kid, and still, he continues. He’s working on creating a tiny blanket for one of his stuffed animals and has grand ideas of what will come next.
When Middle Children Complicate Decisions
Unfortunately, in my order, I got all of the yarn but forgot to order knitting needles for my next project, one of the Christmas sweaters I’ll be starting. Someday I’d love to have knitting needles and crochet hooks in every size all organized, but it’s just not that season. I’m not a Knitter with a capital K, so I have to use what I’ve got and plan for new needles every once in a while.
It was a real conundrum deciding how to do Christmas sweaters this year. (I’ve decided to do them in place of matching jammies, in order to reduce my “factory footprint.”)
I always love a good matching photo op for the kids, but one of the three older boys just a) wants to be different and b) hates to be different at the same time. I understand. It’s a middle child thing. So I tossed and turned about doing the same pattern for all three and just changing out the colors or doing the same pattern but giving him some distinctive elements like stripes. My husband finally decided that I should just do different patterns and different colors for all three, and then nobody will feel left out or like they don’t stand out enough. Our daughter will be getting a sweater dress for Christmas because she always loves sweater dresses.
Patterns I chose for the Christmas Sweaters
I haven’t figured out our oldest’s pattern or yarn yet (but his favorite color is currently ruby red, so it will likely be a flashy sweater.)
Our second son’s sweater will be Bernat’s Rickrack Pullover in a yellow gold with grey, blue, and orange colorwork.
Our third son’s sweater will be Drops Vincent in Drops Fabel Green Turquoise.
I have not yet determined the pattern for our girl’s sweater dress, but it will probably be purple, as I’ve worked enough pink lately to bring tears to my eyes. I might be convinced to add a little dusty rose color work to it, but that would be it.
Baby’s sweater is already in the works, as I mentioned recently. He doesn’t get a choice on his color or pattern, because I had this yarn lying around from two children ago. They just keep growing, and I never got to use this.
Tulips Because They’re Lovely
Michael brought me home some tulips today because I have such a heart for flowers. Buying fresh flowers here in France has a bit of the same “feel” as it does in the States, that you’re either trying to impress someone or that you’re just a bit “extra.” But I’m glad that he does little things like that for me every once in a while because beauty and goodness do matter.
Here’s hoping that today brought you a bit of sunshine or beauty, even if it’s in the form of an icicle or “Jack Frost” crystals on your windowpane.
It’s almost time for little man’s arrival. I just managed to get this finished in between packing hospital bags, working on my French for the hospital, and trying to get the house and children ready for me to be gone for a little while. (The average French hospital stay after giving birth is four days. What will I do? Not sure. I might go crazy from the lack of yelling and general hubbub, or it might feel like a silent spiritual retreat to only have one child around that sleeps the majority of the day.)
In any case, this texture lap blanket is done. And here are the details!
Stylecraft Bambino DK – Mellow Yellow, 800 grams
15,6 Euros (approximately $17.20 )
Time it Took
Began project on October 23, 2019. Finished January 23, 2020. Completed more than 30 smaller projects between, so not as much of my time was completely devoted to this blanket. Hard to estimate.
For other blankets (like this one!) or tah-dah posts that I’ve done recently (man is it hard to track down decades of progress photos!!!), you can either look at my Ravelry profile or in my finished objects category.
Now that the blanket is done, I just need to wrap my head around what life with a newborn will look like again. I find myself googling phrases like “newborn schedule” and other things that came intuitively the last time, which was five years ago. Ah well. It’ll all shake out, and little man will be so loved.
The baby commandeered this past week with three appointments. He turned around in the correct direction (please stay that way, youngling!), and we’re all so happy about that.
Baby’s Christmas Sweater
I began his Christmas sweater because I needed a mental break on one of the days when a new math skill was just evading one of my kids. Don’t look too closely; it’s been a while since I’ve done any “serious” knitting.
This weekend, my husband helped me do some serious nesting/rearranging. Together, we solved about eight household “problems,” but our house is still in full-on recovery mode from all of our industrious “fixing.”
If you ask the kids, the baby can come at any time. They are so anxious to meet their little plaything/friend, but some are beginning to have some amount of anxiety about me being in the hospital potentially for the French stay of 4 days. I’m ready for us to all just to be able to hunker down for a bit. And I wouldn’t mind having my spine back again.
A gift of yarn & a new project
A lovely friend sent me a bunch of yarn in the mail. As we say in our family, “my love bucket is so full!” The next day, I began a bit of a bobble blanket to use on one of our chairs that needs recovering. I anticipate that this will be a really swift project due to the smaller size and chunkier yarn. It only needs to be big enough to hide the major wear and tear on the chair until I can do some upholstery work.
trying to plan things better
Because I always bite off more than I can chew at the last minute, I created a calendar for all of my projects for the year. Don’t worry! I left some room for flexibility and fun. I’m a pretty ambitious person (with a lot of ideas!!!) However, I am choosing to not be caught making projects for all of the at-risk young men we work with in December this year. (It’s going to be hats for the young men this year, by the way, since some may still be living in the same housing situation…)
yet another crocheter in the family
I taught my oldest how to chain, single crochet, and double crochet this week. He caught on so quickly, although the moment I snapped this photo he was mid-mistake. (Isn’t that how it always goes?) He is flying through this experience and is genuinely loving it. Knitting was not the same. He spent about two hours today crocheting what will be a small blanket for one of his stuffed animals.
I read a pretty bit of a quote by Maya Angelou today: ” A bird doesn’t sing because it has an answer…it sings because it has a song.”
I hope that today finds you singing the song you were made to sing.
Two pairs of boys’ jeans with multiple holes in the pairs, three dresses (requiring invisible mending because they were knits), and a few other garments are now repaired. I have three more pairs of boys’ jeans, one pair of boys’ dress pants, and a letting out of a hem on a girl’s dress left. (And a girl’s pair of pajamas since I first drafted this post…)
I bought myself some actual Sashiko needles on Amazon for around 3 Euros. Best 3 Euros I’ve spent in a while. The needles slipped through about five times as fast and easily as my old gold-tip needle. It was phenomenal.
The tools we use matter. And in this case, they weren’t outrageously expensive.
Slow Fashion Near Miss
On the note of slow fashion, a confession is in order. In France, there is a yearly sale, a month-long period of post-Christmas clothing sales going on. I decided to look online at H&M for t-shirts for myself since I anticipate needing some new shirts after this pregnancy, and their sales were averaging 60% off. Fortunately, the site sold out of all of the shirts I liked. My slow fashion ideals currently remain intact.
How easily I was swayed toward conventional factory-produced fashion, and how naturally I turn toward it is frustrating to me. Really, I have the skills to take in some of the t-shirts I’ve got or rework some old dress shirts that are far too big on me now. We’ll see what kind of projects I end up with this year in terms of slow fashion. My daughter will likely end up with a homemade sweater dress, because she loves sweater dresses so much.
My husband, on the other hand, I haven’t decided what to do about. He is a bigger-framed man, and he will eventually need some really sturdy pants. We have two brands from America that we generally can trust in terms of sturdiness. They would be much higher quality than anything that I could conjure up, but I’m not certain how they’re sourced or produced.

Seafood lovers will find this recipe for seafood casserole absolutely irresistible! Succulent shrimp, scallops and crab meat combined with a savoury and velvety sauce layered on a bed of dill and herb seasoned rice, topped with crispy golden croutons and breadcrumbs.
I hope you enjoy this recipe! ❤️ If you give it a try, please let me know how it turned out for you in the comments section at the bottom of the page or share a pic of your om noms on Instagram and tag @dishesanddustbunnies! ❤️
Get the Recipe at the bottom of the page!
What is Seafood Casserole?
Most often, seafood casserole is made up of three layers – rice for the bottom layer, then a creamy and rich seafood layer topped with bread crumbs or croutons to create a crispy top.
One of the best parts of this recipe is how you can add pretty much any seafood you like, and it will always turn out delicious. The most common type of seafood used in the casserole however, is shrimp, scallops and crab meat. 😋
This casserole is super popular as a dish that's often served on Christmas Eve or during the holiday season. Personally, why restrict this yumminess to the holidays, though? lol As quite the seafood lover myself, I'd have no qualms about enjoying this any time of the year! 😊
How to make Seafood Casserole
You'll find more detailed instructions on making seafood casserole in the recipe at the bottom of the page, but I'll give you a quick idea of what to expect when making this recipe.
I start the recipe by preheating the oven to 350°F. I then grease a 13″x9″ glass baking dish with butter and set it aside. To keep things simple for the rice layer, I typically like to use leftover rice I've made the day before, but you can use freshly made rice if you'd like. I highly recommend using long-grain rice such as basmati for the best texture in this recipe.
I cook chopped celery, carrots, and onion in melted butter in a large frying pan or skillet until it is fragrant and yummy. Then I add some fresh garlic, salt and pepper, fresh parsley and dill. Once they cook for a few minutes, I add the basmati rice to the pan and combine. Once well mixed, the rice is poured into the casserole dish.
The next step is to create your delicious seafood layer. Start by cooking your seafood in a small amount of water, straining and setting it aside in a large mixing bowl. Be sure to reserve some of this water.
After cooking the seafood, a cream sauce is created by making a roux (or thickener) from melted butter and flour. Once the roux is ready, the reserved cooking water is added along with some milk, cream cheese, dill, salt, pepper and thyme. This deliciously creamy sauce is then added to the mixing bowl with your cooked seafood. This mixture is then added to the casserole dish over top of the rice layer.
Once the seafood layer is added to the dish, toss the fresh bread crumbs in a little butter and add it to the casserole's top. Bake in the oven uncovered for about an hour.
Once the casserole comes out of the oven, those fresh bread crumbs become irresistible as crunchy golden croutons. The crisp bread crumbs on top of the rich and creamy seafood layer give this dish an incredible contrast in texture. Soft succulent shrimp and seafood in a creamy flavourful sauce over seasoned rice, with crisp, crunchy golden croutons on top… mmmm… perfect! 🥰
Don't forget; you can find all the details on making seafood casserole in the recipe card at the bottom of this page.
Can I make Seafood Casserole without Rice?
For this recipe, I find that the best option for the bottom layer is rice, especially long grain rice, such as basmati. If, however you'd like to try something other than rice, I'd suggest the following variations:
- large wide egg noodles
- cooked pasta, such as penne rigate
- cooked crispy potato chunks – if considering potatoes, it's best to use ones that have been roasted or have some crispness to them for the tastiest texture. ex. I've used leftover crispy potato wedges for this, and it's great!
Please be mindful of the texture if you choose a substitute for the rice. Try to avoid anything that may be too soft… there needs to be some body, so it compliments the creamy seafood layer.
What can I use if I don't have a casserole dish?
If you'd like to make this recipe but don't have a 13″x9″ casserole dish like the one you see in this post, all hope isn't lost! You can still make this recipe in any dish that's oven proof and is large enough to hold all the ingredients. Some alternatives to a casserole dish are:
- a large frying pan or skillet
- dutch oven
- large saucepan
- slow cooker (if making this dish in a slow cooker, brown up your bread crumbs separately and add them to the top, just before serving – it's essential to have the right balance of texture for this dish)
How long is Seafood Casserole good for?
If you have any leftovers, I'd recommend eating them within four days of cooking. Make sure to store any leftovers in an airtight container in the fridge.
Get the Recipe at the bottom of the page!
How to Reheat Seafood Casserole
Before reheating, please ensure that you allow the dish to reach close to room temperature before placing it into the oven. Taking the dish straight from the fridge to the oven can cause the container to break from temperature shock. After removing it from the fridge, give it about 30 minutes to reach room temperature before reheating.
To reheat the casserole, heat the oven to 350°F. To conserve its moisture, cover the casserole dish with aluminum foil and reheat for about 30 minutes or until hot throughout. To re-crisp the top, remove the foil cover in the last 10 minutes or so of cooking.
What to Serve with Seafood Casserole
Seafood casserole can be served with just about anything! When choosing sides or dishes to go with your casserole, I'd recommend sticking with recipes that use ingredients that have a crunch or freshness to them, so they balance well with the rich flavours of the seafood casserole.
Here are some other recipes that go well with seafood casserole:
- crisp leafy green salads
- Thai Mango Salad
- Couscous Salad with Tomatoes, Cucumbers and Feta
- Flaky Buttermilk Biscuits
- Sausage Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms
- Tomato and Basil Bruschetta
- Coleslaw Recipe
Serve along with other party food for special occasions like Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter or any time!
Bottom layer of the casserole:
- 1 1/2 cups uncooked long grain rice, such as basmati
OR 4 cups cooked
- 3 tbsps butter
- 4 celery ribs, thinly sliced
- 1 medium onion, chopped into small pieces
- 1 medium carrot, chopped into small pieces
- 4 garlic cloves, finely grated
- 1/2 tsp salt
- 1/4 tsp pepper
- 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley
- 1/2 tsp dill weed
- 1 lb uncooked medium shrimp – peeled and deveined
- 1 lb bay scallops
- 16 oz canned crabmeat – drained, flaked, and cartilage removed
OR fresh crab meat, chopped
OR immitation cran meat, chopped
- 5 tbsps butter
- 5 tbsps all-purpose flour
- 1 1/2 cups milk (you can use half and half cream to make it richer if you like)
- 1 package (8 oz) cream cheese, cut into cubes
- 1/2 tsp dill weed
- 1/2 tsp salt
- 1/4 tsp pepper
- 1/4 tsp dried thyme
- 8 slices of bread, ripped into small pieces (about the size of croutons)
- 4 tbsps butter, melted
Optional but recommended – lemon wedges to serve on the side with the casserole. Lemon sprinkled on top gives this recipe a little extra yumminess! Soooo good!
- Preheat the oven to 350°F.
- Grease with butter, a 13″x9″ glass baking dish and set aside
- Cook rice according to package directions and set aside OR if you're using leftover rice, make sure you have it measured and ready to use for the recipe.
To Make the Bottom Rice Layer:
- In a large frying pan or skillet, on medium-high heat, melt the butter. Add celery, onion and carrot pieces and cook until tender. Add garlic, salt and pepper and cook for about 1-2 minutes longer.
- To the pan, add cooked basmati rice along with parsley and dill. Stir to combine.
- Transfer the rice mixture to the greased 13″x9″ baking dish. Use a large spoon to make sure the rice is evenly distributed on the bottom of the casserole.
To Make the Seafood Layer:
- Fill a large saucepan with water about half way with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low.
- To the saucepan, add shrimp and scallops. Cook until shrimp turn pink and the scallops are firm – about 5 minutes.
- Drain the water from seafood but reserve about 1 cup of liquid and set aside.
- Place shrimp and scallops in a bowl large enough to hold all the yumminess! Then gently add the crab meat. If you're using canned crab meat, combine gently as chunks may break apart easily.
- Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Using a whisk, stir in flour to make a roux (aka thickener). Once the flour and butter turn slightly golden brown and a little bubbly (about 2-3 min), stir in the milk and the reserved water from cooking your seafood before.
- Reduce the heat to low and stir in the cream cheese, dill, salt, pepper and thyme. Stir until combined and smooth.
- Pour the mixture into the bowl with your cooked seafood and combine. Pour this over the rice layer in your casserole dish.
Top Layer and to Finish:
- In a mixing bowl, toss the bread with melted butter. Sprinkle evenly over the top of the casserole.
- Bake 60 minutes in the oven or until golden brown.
- Let stand for 10-15 minutes before serving.
- Prep Time: 40 minutes
- Cook Time: 60 minutes
- Category: Main
- Method: Bake
- Cuisine: American/Canadian
Keywords: seafood casserole, rice casserole, shrimp, scallops, crab meat, Christmas casserole

ISKCON Communications Course Online, starts January 24th
By Bhaktivedanta College | Jan 12, 2022
ISKCON Communications Course, now available online through the Bhaktivedanta College, starts its new semester on January 24!
This five-week course helps devotees communicate better in their personal and professional lives, as well as when representing ISKCON. The course is online, self-paced, and designed for those in need of a flexible schedule.
The Communications Course has been acclaimed by Temple Presidents, GBC Ministers, and other senior devotees as highly instructive, practical, and empowering.
Skills taught include public speaking, listening, strategizing media and government relations, understanding our devotee communities’ needs better, working with neighbors, understanding and building rapport with academics and NGO organizations, and more.
ISKCON Communications minister HG Anuttama Prabhu, in collaboration with Bhaktivedanta College, translated the ‘ISKCON Communications’ training he gives worldwide in the classroom into the online environment – dynamic, powerful, and thought-provoking as it is when taught in person.

The Japanese beauty giant's new subsidiary will be responsible for the company's packaging design and shopper retail experience
Shiseido's 150th anniversary campaign
Shiseido has unveiled a new design and creative agency.
The Tokyo-based agency, called Shiseido Creative, will be responsible for the Japanese conglomerate's branding communication from new product design to user experience.
The subsidiary currently has ¥100m (£639m) in capital and 39 members of staff led by Shiseido Creative Director of Global Trend and Insight Naomi Yamamoto.
"[Shiseido Creative] will design a new beauty for the future while valuing the idea that creativity based on sensitivity will create corporate value, which Shiseido has cultivated since the establishment of its Design Department in 1916," said the owner of Drunk Elephant and NARs in a statement.
Shiseido's Design Department was first established by the company's first president Shinzo Fukuhara to develop its advertising campaigns and packaging.
The company added: "We, at Shiseido Creative, have defined our purpose which expresses our engagement with society and our raison d'etre, as 'to bring inspiration to the world by believing in the power of beauty and creativity', and aim to bring brands and people together, creating experiences to enjoy beauty and enriching people’s hearts and minds."

COVID-19 EVENT CANCELLATIONS
— April 2, 2020 —
CANCELLATION LIST UPDATE 4/15/20
Supermoto Round 2
Supermoto Round 1
Superbike Round 1 (may 2)
Street GP 1 (may 2)
New Racer Certification 1
Test And Tune
Advanced Rider Training (may 2)
From the UtahSBA Board,
The impact the Coronavirus is having on our ability to work, play, and live our everyday lives is unprecedented. As a result of the pandemic, Tooele County has extended gathering restrictions to April 30th. This means UMC is closed throughout April and will require the cancellation of the events that we had scheduled: Round 1 of SuperMoto, the USBA test and tune, and the NRC.
Even though Round 1 of the Masters of the Mountains is scheduled after April 30th (May 2-3), we as the UtahSBA Board have decided it wouldn’t be wise to hold this event so close to the scheduled end of the gathering restrictions. This was not an easy decision to make, but we feel it is the right one.
If you have already registered for Round 1 Sumo, Round 1 M.o.M, NRC, ART, or StreetGP, your registration will be cancelled and a credit will be issued. I know that this unforeseen national emergency has severely impacted all of our members financially and this will be a difficult race season for most of us. It’s my hope that you all love this sport as much as we do and that you can still find the means and ability to come out and make this a memorable race season. Registration for the following rounds/events will open on Monday.
On another note, our V.P. Tom Dark is relocating for his job and will no longer be able to serve on the Board. We will miss Tom and his contributions to the UtahSBA. Starting this Friday, April 3rd we are opening up a 7 day nomination period for a new V.P. We will be relying on our club members like you to take an active interest in the nomination of a new V.P. If you know of anyone that you would like to nominate (yourself included) please email us at email@example.com. Nominations will close on April 10th and the election will immediately follow. Voting will take place electronically and will be open from April 11th to April 18th. An email will be sent out on April 11th announcing the candidates and it will include voting information.
Eric Jones, President
Utah Sport Bike Association
In the meantime, PLEASE support our sponsors this year! Without them we wouldn’t have a club! It takes many generous businesses donating to our club to make it financially possible for us to exist as a club and race at one of the Nation’s premiere facilities. Our 2020 sponsors have signed up and paid for the season already, so we want to continue to “Support those that support us”.
This would be a great time to order some parts or a new bike or get some service done with one of our great partners.
Here is a list of the sponsors and contact info for your reference:
Utah Motorcycle Law
Blud Racing Lubricants
AZ Riding Academy
The Edge Powersports
Toxic Moto Racing
Wrights Motorcycle Parts
We look forward to seeing everyone at the track soon, thank you for being our race family.

In Douglasville, homeowners enjoy a small-town feel alongside a quick commute to Atlanta, so it's no wonder the population is increasing rapidly! As the number of residents grows, the average home prices increase as well, so maintaining your property's value is more important than ever—and Atlanta Window Pros can help.
Exceptional results start with high-performance products. That’s why it’s important to avoid window replacement companies that sacrifice quality to cut costs. Atlanta Window Pros will never do that. Instead, we insist on the best for our customers, so we only install premium products with impressive features.
Choose us for your Douglasville windows or other home upgrades, and you'll get results that deliver both immediate benefits and long-term value! We offer:
ENERGY STAR Home Window Replacement
Did you know that even brand-new homes could have poorly performing windows? It’s not just about the age of your existing windows; it’s about the quality as well. If you want maximum money-saving efficiency, Atlanta Window Pros is the right place to start.
We install replacement windows from the top brands, including Innovation and Home Guard. Our windows are made with the most efficient glass on the market and boast a seal failure rate that is 900% better than the closest competition!
Expert installation is also part of the equation, and unlike some window replacement companies in Douglasville, we provide that as well. Every project is completed by highly trained professionals, and our lifetime warranty covers both materials and labor.
Premium Attic Insulation for Your Douglasville Home
According to the North American Insulation Manufacturers Association, 90% of homes in the U.S. are under-insulated. Make sure yours isn’t one of them!
Atlanta Window Pros installs E-Shield insulation that is effective for all three types of heat flow: conductive, convective, and radiant. Most attic insulation doesn’t help with radiant heat, but E-Shield reflects 97% of radiant heat transfer for impressive results.
Learn More About Our Douglasville Home Remodeling Services
Contact Atlanta Window Pros today for more information about our exceptional services, financing, and warranties. Give us a call to speak with a home improvement specialist in Douglasville, or fill out our online form now to request a free consultation and accurate cost estimate.

Kevin Kossen began his career in the title insurance business in 1986 with The Title Office, Inc. an agent of Chicago Title Insurance Corporation. He started as part of the management trainee program and was managing his first county operation in Battle Creek, MI in 1987. While with The Title Office, Kevin opened several new offices in new markets he helped establish throughout Michigan, before promoting to regional area manager. In 1999, The Title Office, Inc. was purchased by Chicago Title Insurance Corporation, and Kevin successfully transitioned to the new company, maintaining his role as area manager. In 2003, Kevin was promoted to Vice President and State Manager for Chicago Title’s Michigan operations and has held that position since.
Kossen holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Hope College, Michigan where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. Kossen has served on the Board of Directors of the Michigan Land Title Association.
He is the proud father of his son Kyle and he enjoys sports, particularly baseball and hunting.

Rebellion will be the console versions of Evil Genius 2: World Domination (from 39,99€ at pre-order) on November 30, 2021 on Xbox One, Xbox Series X | S, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5. The villain simulation will also be included in Xbox Game Pass. Previously the game was only available on PC.
“Aurora Borealis – a beautiful distraction, the lights of which attract both tourists and agents.
Fountain of Youth – Minions can drink from the fountain for a stat boost.
Trojan Horse – The legendary wooden horse can unlock unique machinations in the world. “
“In Evil Genius 2, players can let their inner super villain run wild. They build a secret hideout, train hordes of loyal henchmen, recruit powerful henchmen and defend their base against pesky lawmen.”
Cyborgsynidcate.com is a website made for gamers from all around the world . Here you find the latest gaming news & tutorials . Cyborgsynidcate is the biggest gaming community in north America , thanks to you .

This week the GFGF-Group is cooking with leeks. It is the whole year available and even in March this veggie is the only one with low climate impact. I have already posted a lot of leek recipes, but this week I chose a recipe from my favourite German Chef Vincent Klink. In 2012 we visited his restaurant in Stuttgart and as entree his famous leek quiche was served. Since December his restaurants – like all others are closed, he hopes he can open again in April 23.05.2021 **. Vincent Klink doesn’t keep his recipes secret, the Wielandshöhe Website has published recipes like the famous
A similar recipe is in his book Meine Küche*, there were three kinds of cheese used. In this delicious version I used a kind of mountain cheese from Schleswig-Holstein, called „Flachlandtiroler“. The highes elevation in Schleswig-Holstein is the Bungsberg with 164 m about 180 yards …
The leek quiche makes me feel like travelling and dining out in these times.
Don’t miss the leek recipes from Donna, Ellen, Kayte, Margaret, Nancy and Peggy
Yield: 4 servings
Leek Quiche is the signature dish from Vincent Klink, my favourite German chef
- 200 grams flour; I used spelt
- 80 grams butter
- 50 ml water
- 1 egg, size M
- 1 pinch of salt
- 200 grams of leek, in small rings
- 2 tablespoons butter
- 200 grams of Emmental or mountain cheese, finely grated, here he used half Emmental and half mountain cheese
- 5 eggs
- 250 grams crème fraîche
- 80 grams cream
- Nutmeg to taste
- No salt, it’s already in the cheese
- Knead flour, butter, water, egg and salt into a firm dough. Put the dough into an airtight container and let it rest in the refrigerator for at least half an hour.
- Heat the oven to 200 °C-392 °F /Fan 180 °C-356 °F / Gas 3-4 .
- Sauté leeks in a pan with 2 tablespoons of butter. Then leave to cool slightly.
- Roll out the base thinly, fold it up and roll it out again, and then do it all over again. This creates a sort of puff pastry effect. Put the dough in a greased pie dish quiche or springform pan (diameter 26 cm), pull up the edge about 3 cm. Fill the pastry case with a round of baking paper and add baking beans to weigh it down. For this purpose use dried beans or ceramic balls, which you can order on the Internet. Bake blind for 10 mins, then carefully remove the paper and beans. (Instructions from Vincent Klink in 2011)
- Beat the eggs with the crème fraîche and cream, mix in the grated cheese and leeks and season with pepper and nutmeg. Spread the mixture on the pastry base. Allow the mixture to set in the warm oven for about 30 minutes at low heat (Ulrike 180 °C-356 °F).
total time: 45 minutes + cooling time
preparation time: 15 minutes
cooking/baking time: 25 – 30 minutes
* = Amazon Affiliate-Link
more recipes from Vincent Klink at Küchenlatein
more recipes and entries in English

Brighten up your outfit with a pretty vintage look brooch.
Wombat painting by John Gould. London. Printed by Taylor and Francis and published by the author 1863
via The Biodiversity Heritage Library
Printed on organic cotton and hand made in our studio at Lazybones HQ.
What a great gift idea!

NYU Lutheran hosted its 133rd Annual Dinner Dance at Chelsea Piers in Manhattan on Wednesday, April 6. Emceed by Gus Rosendale, NBC 4 reporter and anchor, the charity event was attended by more than 500 guests and raised $800,000 to support the expansion of NYU Lutheran’s emergency department.
This year’s honorees, Claudia Lyon, DO, section chief of family medicine at NYU Lutheran, Carla Solomon, trustee of NYU Langone Health System and member of the NYU Lutheran Advisory Board, and Antonio Magliocco Jr., president of Bulldog Ventures Ltd, were celebrated for their years of dedication to the institution.
The recipient of the Sister Elisabeth Fedde Medal of Service, Dr. Lyon was recognized for her 28 years of commitment to patient care and leadership excellence at NYU Lutheran. The award, named after the Norwegian deaconess who laid the foundation for NYU Lutheran in 1883, was established to recognize individuals who carry on her legacy of service and commitment to the community.
Emma Graeber Porter, chair of the NYU Lutheran Advisory Board, addressed the audience during the award presentation and said, “This is our time, and it is the opportunity for us to really live out the dream that was envisioned for this hospital 133 years ago.”
With the rapid expansion of institutions on both sides of the East River, attendees spoke proudly of being part of the new clinically integrated healthcare provider network for the New York metropolitan area.
“Make no mistake, this merger is a game changer,” said Robert I. Grossman, MD, the Saul J. Farber Dean and CEO of NYU Langone Medical Center. “All people—poor, rich, and middle class—deserve the highest quality healthcare and that is what NYU Lutheran will offer.”
A highlight of the evening was a video presentation that portrayed NYU Lutheran’s deep roots in community-based healthcare, and the merging of two world-class institutions. Featured in the video along with the dinner dance honorees were Kenneth G. Langone, chair of the NYU Langone Board of Trustees, Dr. Grossman, Ms. Porter, and NYU Lutheran President Claudia Caine.
“This has truly been an inspiring night,” Ms. Caine said, addressing the Dinner Dance audience. “I hope you can see why I believe so strongly that our partnership with NYU Langone has positioned NYU Lutheran to become the hospital of choice for the borough of Brooklyn.”
Among the evening’s distinguished attendees were Robert T. Reilly, president of RTR Financial Services, the event’s presenting sponsor; Dawn Casale and David Crofton; Casey Cogut, Esq.; Ellen Steiner Dolgin and Carey Dolgin, MD; Ronnie and William Lane; Karen and Paul Levy; Laurie Tisch; Carolyn Tisch Sussman and William Blodgett; Michael Weaver; and Barbara and David Zalaznick.
NYU Langone and NYU Lutheran leadership supporters of this year’s Dinner Dance include Casey Box; Susie Block Casdin and Alex Casdin; Maria Carlson; Dale Christensen Jr.; William and Margaret Constantine; Elizabeth Dater; Martha Dietz and Stephen Dietz; Trudy Elbaum Gottesman and Robert Gottesman; Brenda Grandell; Irma Hilton, PhD; Ken and Elaine Langone; Joseph Lodato; Gerald Luterman; Emma Graeber Porter; Douglas Phillips; Alice Tisch; Carla Solomon and Nino Magliocco; Martha Wolfgang; and Kathryn Wylde.

acrylic on canvas
80cm x 60cm
There are no comments on this creation yet.
You can log in to post a comment.
Visual artist, electronic music producer and techno dj residing in Tokyo for the last 15+ years. Originally Russian and loving good vodka.
Canvas is an online network for Tokyo's creative community. It's a place for professional and amateur creatives to show their skills, make new connections and find work.
Sign up to Canvas
If you have not done this yet, please log in using email and password, then click "Connect Facebook" in the drop-down menu.
Forgot your password?
Don't have an account?

Find Car Loans in Swaziland
Purchase your next car with a loan with our verified partners
Buy Now Pay Later
Want to purchase a car or replace your old one? Or maybe you'd like to upgrade but miss some amount of money for your DREAM car?
CarTsengais now partnering with major moneylenders in order to ensure you fast and easy loan. An access to leading financial structures is your golden opportunity for a really good deal. To apply for a Car Loan:
- A valid Swaziland Identity Card/Passport is required.
- A permanent source of revenue is needed. (BothEmployed and Self Employed individuals are permitted.)
- Some deposit is essential as majority of banks won't lend you amount of money equal to full price of vehicle. (The % value of financing may differ from bank to bank).
- At least 6 months of consecutive bank statements are needed.
- If you are an employed entity, payslips for the past 3 months are necessary.
- If you are self employed individual, proof of business will be requested (copies of contracts, invoices, receipts etc)
- A car evaluation report will be required. (Each bank will grant their requirements)
- A copy of logbook or sale agreement is necessary to provide.
Fill out this finance form

The Nasdaq 100 performed well following the pandemic induced waterfall.
The companies that make up this majority tech index were simply well situated for a historic pandemic.
Add a massive infusion of U.S. dollars to prop up a depressed economy and you’ve got yourself a rally.
So where does this high-flying index stand now?
Today’s chart illustrates how the Nasdaq 100 is currently pulling away from resistance of its long-term trend channel.
What is the Nasdaq 100?
The Nasdaq 100 is a basket of the 100 largest market cap, non-financial stocks listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
When was the Nasdaq 100 initiated?
The Nasdaq 100 was initiated on January 31, 1985 at a base value of 125.
How is the Nasdaq 100 calculated?
The Nasdaq 100 is a modified market-capitalization weighted index.
What are the main sectors included in Nasdaq 100?
Over three quarters of Nasdaq 100 weighting comes from two sectors — technology and consumer services. The remainder of the index is made up of health care, consumer goods, industrial, and telecommunication companies.

WINES FROM THE FLYING SCOTSMAN
Last week’s article (please see www.costa-news. Com click Cork Talk) introduced Norrel Robertson MW whose experience in both the retail wine trade as well as the sharp of the wine industry, wine-making, puts him in an ideal and largely unique position in Spain. Here you’ll learn about his super wines, mostly red using ancient Garnacha vines but also a white using a favourite variety of mine, Viognier, which which I’ll start.
Look out for the distinctive wine labels of wines from El Escoces Volante – the hand -drawn palm about to crush a bunch of old-vine Viognier grapes makes it stand out from the crowd for a start, but more importantly the wine within the the attractive Burgundy shaped-bottle puts it apart form others made with this super-aromatic variety.
Viognier, which traditionally has lived happily along the slopes of the Rhone Valley making such beautiful wines as Condrieu and the wonderful, but stratospherically-priced Chateau Grillet, here has the benefit of longer hours of Spanish sunshine plus the soils and micro-climate of some of DO Calatayud’s highest vineyards.
It’s clearly a winning combination as El Puño Viognier has diplays many of the characteristics on subtle French Viognier wines – soft, stoned fruit and white flower taste and fragrance; as well as a touch of New World Viogner including bigger fruit (peach, mango and apricot) on both the nose and the palate. I’m a big fan of this wine and would like to taste future vintages as the vines develop over time. I’d love to taste this wine with the Indonesian food to be showcased in my ethnic cuisine wine tastings coming up in May (see the Events page www.colinharknessonwine.com).
I guess it’s the Garnacha-based wines that have helped the Flying Scorsman carve a niche and a name for himself as they do help to convince consumers of the attributes of the venerable variety. Grown in vineyards up to a 1000+ meters in altitude where the long hang-time and considerable difference between day and night time temperatures Garnacha really comes into its own.
The screw-topped La Multa Old Vine Garnacha 2009, is exactly what Norrel says on the label, a little gem! Rich and supple this concentrated, dark berried is attractively perfumed, tempted one to taste, and rewarding the taster with deep flavours of blackberry and spice.
El Puño Garnacha was the wine that wowed presenters, Noelle and Bob, on Bay Radio’s on-air Sunday Brunch programme some months ago. Displaying the subtlety of French Grenache, judicially oaked, with juicy Spanish sunshine-inspired deep and dark fruit this wine is a fine Garnacha example. Herby mineral notes and a long finish, it’s as elegant as a fine French maiden but with machismo strength of flavour.
Manga del Brujo is again a subtle, elegant and yet big wine – testimony to the wine-maker’s craft – with rich, dark fruit of the forest flavours and a beguiling perfume. Give it time to breathe in glass or better still, decant the wine and enjoy it’s development. Look good on the table and tastes wonderful with meaty dishes.
Dos Dedos del Frente unfiltered red wine doesn’t just owe it’s cheeky name to Norrel’s time in New Zealand, I think, but also the blend of white and black grape varieties – Viognier and Syrah. I’ve tasted several blends like this from New Zealand where the Viognier makes such a significant contribution to the perfume of the wine as well as adding a lightness to the spicy, black pepper and olive, rich dark berried flavour of Syrah, which grows so well here in Spain. Integrated oak adds to the party and makes for a super-flavoured red wine.
My advice is – don’t miss the train, The Flying Scotsman’s wines are a treat!
PS I’m presenting a series of Ethnic Cuisine/Wine Matches evenings In Moraira in May in the selected restaurants: Happy Garden (Chinese); Bajul (Indonesian); and Himalaya (Nepalese/Indian). Four or five for the restaurants’ specialities will be tasted with a different wine for each dish, from their list, not their house wines. It’s a super opportunity to try different tastes and different wine marriages – each evening will only cost 15€ – 18€ (depending on the restaurant).

How Quickbooks Accountant Online can Save You Time, Stress, and Money. – California State Tax Filing
Table of Contents
H&R Block tax pros are unequaled in experience and completely vetted, with specialties that cover the complete spectrum of tax scenarios. California state tax filing. No matter how difficult or complicated your taxes are this year, you can be sure our CPAs, registered representatives (EAs), and tax professionals have seen it all in the past. Specialized tax understanding Over 100 hours of training Avg.
The internal revenue service deadline to file income tax return on the federal level is April 18, 2022. Specify deadlines will vary. California state tax filing. Not all US states require that you submit a tax return on the state level, nevertheless, lots of do. Check your state’s website to discover if you have state tax filing responsibilities and to see what the deadline to file is on the state level.
California state tax filing. Our tax section has all the information and recommendations you need to submit your tax return and get expert help, if required. What kinds do I need to send?
The Single Strategy To Use For Taxes Preparer Near Me – California State Tax Filing
How do I send these forms? California state tax filing. There are a number of methods that you can submit these forms: – the kinds are all readily available online from the IRS and you can print them off, complete them for each family member and submit them to the Internal revenue service straight for processing.
Inspect it over, indication and date it and send it to the IRS for processing. – we have partnered with Sprintax to offer skilled tax recommendations and assistance for a cost. You can contact them directly for any expert assistance or advice you need which is particularly helpful for more complicated tax returns.
You can see them here: California state tax filing. Introduction of the American Tax System Americans and others residing within this nation needs to pay taxes to the state and federal government, and the procedure is completed through a company called the Internal Earnings Service (INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE). Usually when somebody makes money a part of it is immediately deducted and sent straight to the government – taxes preparer near me.
California State Tax Filing – The smart Trick of Irs Tax Filing Deadline 2022 That Nobody is Discussing
The purpose of filing your tax return is to report all your income sources to the federal government, what you currently paid, and what you still owe. California state tax filing. It is likewise an opportunity to claim reductions or exemptions you may qualify for. At the end of the process, you calculate just how much in total you should have paid – 2020 tax filing deadline.
On the other hand, if you didn’t pay enough, you need to pay the difference. taxes preparer near me. California state tax filing. More Info Have more concerns about your taxes?.
Due to the, we wished to supply with some basic assistance until we can satisfy to discuss your particular scenario. – California state tax filing. If you desire to operate as an LLC, we recommend you hire a lawyer to prepare the documents and file with the State of Texas. tax filing deadline 2022 extended. You will require an EIN (Company ID Number) see internal revenue service site for information.
Things about Best Cpa Near Me – California State Tax Filing
A SMLLC is taxed just like a sole proprietorship. Members of the LLC that are wed can submit as a SMLLC (tax filing deadline).
If you prepare for net incomes greater than $75,000 and the nature of the activity is not passive (realty leasing is an example of passive activity), we recommend you demand to be an S Corporation. Usage Type 8832 or 2553 as proper. – You will need to open a checking account with the name and EIN of the business.
If you have more specific concerns, you can email our workplace at internal revenue service has actually sent by mail out details to households who might be eligible to get advance payments of the Kid Tax Credit (CTC) starting this summer season. California state tax filing. You can also discover this details on the Internal revenue service website. The internal revenue service will share the total credit quantity in advance regular monthly payments beginning July 15.
California State Tax Filing – The smart Trick of Tax Filing Deadline That Nobody is Talking About
Please keep record of these payments for our office to use on your 2022 Tax Return. California state tax filing. Internal revenue service will use details you supplied in the previous year tax return to figure out if you certify and.
in a federally declared hot spot can choose to declare them on either the return for the year the loss happened (in this instance, the 2022 return normally submitted next year), or the return for the prior year. California state tax filing. This indicates that taxpayers can, if they select, they are filling out this tax season. quickbooks accountant online.
The tax deadline has been extended to 6/15/2022 for Texas residents which means you have till June 15 to submit an extension and pay any tax that is owed. Once that extension is submitted, you have until 10/15/2022 to submit the return. California state tax filing. As long as you have paid by 6/15, there is no penalty or service charges. federal tax filing deadline 2022.
Some Known Details About Quickbooks Accountant Online – California State Tax Filing
We will provide you a voucher to send in any quantity that you think is owed. (Based on previous year) If you occur to owe more than expected the late payment penalty is half of one percent of the tax per month. California state tax filing. So even if you still $1000 after sending out cash by the 6/15 date and your return was submitted on 10/15, you will owe charges of $20.
California state tax filing. Our objective is to offer reliable services to your organization needs in a timely way. We listen to your needs and objectives and work with you, your staff members and other trusted expert consultants to attain those objectives. On this website, you will find details about our accounting company, including our list of services. California state tax filing.

Report: Public transport ridership can increase by 18 percent with digitalization
The public transport industry in the Nordics and Baltics can be transformed through digitalization and the use of IoT and data insights solutions, according to a new report by Telia and analyst firm Arthur D Little. The report concludes that a full deployment of the solutions available today could increase ridership by 18 percent across the Nordics and Baltics.
"The most important stakeholders in public transport are the passengers who use and ultimately fund it,” Gustavsson says. "For the industry to meet business and sustainability goals, public transport needs to become a better option than taking the car. Telia has already connected more than half the buses in Sweden, and we are expanding. We provide a digital infrastructure for connectivity across the Nordics and Baltics and in combination with our digitalization tools in IoT and data insights, we enable our public transport customers to optimize operations, understand passengers’ needs and make public transport more sustainable and safer.”
Telia is one of the largest providers of digital solutions to the public transport industry in the Nordics and Baltics – delivering end-to-end solutions containing components from the hardware on buses to a comprehensive portfolio of digital services.
“As long-standing advisors to the public transport industry, our goal with this joint report has been to provide an overview of public transport in Nordics and Baltic and to outline how IoT and digitalization contribute to more accessible, reliable, safe and efficient transportation in the region,” says Agron Lasku, Partner and Head of Telecom, Media, IT and Electronics at Arthur D. Little. “With industry goals and the most imminent pain points as a foundation; our unique analysis finds that a full deployment of the digital solutions available today could contribute to an increase in the number of people who use public transport by 18 percent. The new and evolving IoT and data insights solutions give public transport authorities and operators a new set of tools to achieve higher ridership and improved efficiency.”

Harry Reid Memorial Honors Biden and Obama
WASHINGTON – President Biden and former President Barack Obama honored Harry M. Reid on Saturday as a staunch son of Nevada who has become an outspoken but vital leader in the Senate, where he has spearheaded landmark Democratic legislation while tolerating little vanity or praise.
“Harry cared so much about his fellow Americans and so little about what people thought of him,” Mr Biden said at a memorial service for Mr Reid, who died late last month at the age of 82, at the Smith Center for the Performing Arts in Las Vegas.
“He was just a spotlight, not a spotlight,” the president added, referring to the Nevada mining outpost where Mr. Reid grew up.
Along with the current and former president, the memorial service also included testimonials from other prominent Democrats, including President Nancy Pelosi and New York Majority Leader Senator Chuck Schumer, a sign of Mr. Reid on his party. Vice President Kamala Harris and Doug Emhoff, the second gentleman, as well as Jill Biden, the first lady, were also seated in the audience.
Each speaker, including Mr. Reid’s daughter and three sons, spoke of their passion for the Senate and their love for their home state. His son Leif Reid noted that his father was such a fan of Las Vegas-based band The Killers that he requested that their lead singer, Brandon Flowers, perform at his memorial service.
Prior to performing the Nevada state song, “Home Means Nevada,” Mr. Flowers told the audience a story of visiting the Capitol and being directed by Mr. Reid to perform the song for Mr. Schumer.
Other speakers have told stories of the tenacity of former boxer Mr Reid as he guided monumental Democratic victories through Congress, including a sweeping economic stimulus package in response to the Great Recession, a new set of rules for taming Wall Street and the biggest expansion in health care coverage since the Great Society of the 1960s.
“Let there be no doubt: Harry Reid will be considered one of the greatest Senate majority leaders in history,” Biden said.
Mr. Reid became the face of Senate Democrats after being elected by his colleagues as Minority Leader in 2005, then became Majority Leader in 2007 when Democrats took control of the chamber. He faced all comers, Republicans or Democrats, and was known for his straightforward approach which sometimes got him in trouble.
Ms Pelosi recalled Mr Reid as a man of few words.
âAnd he wanted everyone to be a person of few words,â she said.
Ms. Pelosi joined others in describing Mr. Reid’s penchant for hanging up the phone on his colleagues. He couldn’t tolerate dragging out a conversation with a farewell. She described her modesty: He once stopped her attempt to celebrate her accomplishments by throwing her a retirement dinner.
âI don’t want to do it,â Ms. Pelosi recalls, telling her Mr. Reid told her. “Save money. Feed the poor.”
Ms Pelosi said she had never heard Mr Reid say “a mean word to any of his Senate colleagues,” prompting Mr Obama to check the facts.
âI don’t know about that, Nancy,â Mr. Obama later said as the audience burst out laughing. “But he would work with them.”
After a notoriously difficult upbringing in Searchlight and a start in state politics, Mr. Reid was elected to the House in 1982 and to the Senate in 1986. He was the second Democrat in the Senate when Senator Tom Daschle of Dakota of the South was the party leader. , and when Mr. Daschle lost his bid for re-election in 2004, Mr. Reid quickly outsmarted potential rivals for the top spot.
As Democratic leader, Mr. Reid jostled with President George W. Bush, whom he once called a “loser,” on the Iraq war and various domestic issues. Democrats pushed voters’ dissatisfaction with Mr. Bush to control of the Senate in the 2006 election.
In late 2008, as Mr. Bush’s second term drew to a close, Mr. Reid was instrumental in working with the White House to avert a nation-wide economic collapse by leading the Ailing Assets Relief Program. $ 700 billion in Congress and stabilizing the economy.
Mr. Reid took staunchly conservative positions early in his career, including opposing abortion and looser immigration laws. But his positions changed as the demographics of his state changed, and he eventually became a champion of undocumented immigrants and a proponent of access to abortion. Mr Obama said that after Mr Reid introduced legislation to repeal the birthright, Mr Reid’s wife Landra influenced him on immigration by reminding him that his father had been a Russian immigrant.
Mr Obama added: âLater Harry will say: ‘I realized that I was far from the base. I’m so glad she righted the ship.
Mr. Reid encouraged Mr. Obama to run for president ahead of the 2008 election, even though Mr. Obama was a junior member of the Senate at the time. And after Mr. Obama won the White House, Mr. Reid was one of his most trusted and important allies, using every legislative weapon at his disposal to secure the approval of the stimulus bill. and, most importantly, the Affordable Care Act, which passed the Senate in 2009 during a snowstorm on Christmas Eve.
“Harry’s deals to pass this law didn’t always look pretty,” Obama said, adding: “Whenever I objected to a change he wanted to make, let it be due to political concerns or worries about optics Harry would tell me with some exasperation in his voice, “Mr. President, you know a lot more about health care policy than I do, okay? But I know the Senate.
Mr Biden, a former senator who is now struggling to pass his own domestic policy bill, livened up as he described Mr Reid’s negotiating tactics and victories in Congress. âIf Harry said he was going to do something, he did,â he said, adding, âYou can count on that. This is how he did so many things for the good of the country for so many decades.
Democrats suffered significant losses in 2010 but retained the Senate, while Mr Reid himself survived a heavy challenge from an opponent aligned with the far right. Mr Reid, who suffered serious injuries in a home exercise accident in 2015, elected not to run for re-election in 2016 and returned to Nevada, where he remained a major power broker. Politics.
Mr. Obama closed his remarks with the word Mr. Reid shunned in his phone calls, the farewell he did not consider necessary.
âBut it’s for us,â Mr. Obama said. âBye, Harry. “

These are the men and women who can move us like no one else: tell us how we feel, change our moods and the clothes we wear, define how we remember special times and places. From Kurt Cobain to Whitney Houston, Michael Hutchence and Amy Winehouse, these are their stories - powerful, poignant and raw. They changed you. This series will change how you feel about them.
With a new episode each week, Death of a Rock Star explores what it’s like to be adored by millions: how you do it, what it does to you, the rewards it brings and the price you pay. We go back to the start of rock ‘n’ roll, take in the great stars and the forgotten legends, the modern-day superstars – the ones you knew, the ones you’ll wish you had. And we explore their legacy today – how they continue to move us, and change us, and define who we are.

feeder fishing with Steve Ringer
video and FREE e-mag
60 MINUTE HD VIDEO - In Steve's second issue we visit Southfield Reservoir to see how he approaches a practise session for an upcoming big match
60 minute HD video
FREE 30 page e-mag
A warm welcome to Issue 2 of Feeder Fishing with Steve Ringer. Steve now presents Feeder Fishing every month and his aim is to bring you the very best information to help take your feeder fishing to the next level.
Visiting a variety of venues, this month it's Southfield Reservoir in South Yorkshire, he will try and work out the best approach on film for you to enjoy.
Steve is the best feeder angler in the world and to have the unique opportunity to share his practice sessions is incredible and we hope you enjoy it as much as we enjoy filming them and putting them together.

We have extensive experience of manufacturing electronic products under contract. We help you all the way from programming and manufacturing to final assembly and final checks on the finished products. Our extensive experience enables unique collaborations in which we can customise solutions based on the customer’s needs.
At our industrialisation centres, we can help customers with production optimisation and industrial development. We offer everything from project management and supplier selection to production planning and product analyses. As a result, we can help you to find the right technology, the right machinery and the right processes.
Development and design
Together with our partners, we can also, if necessary, offer product development and design services, primarily for test equipment and prototype manufacturing. We project manage, program, verify and configure the products for optimum results.
Logistics and service
Once we have manufactured the product, we can also manage the logistics. We work with several shipping companies and offer both distribution centre management and distribution direct to your customers, as well as aftermarket service. After delivery, we can also offer product maintenance and lifetime extension with effective management of service issues.
LEAB Group is proud of its good partnerships with customers, many of whom we have been working with for several years. Our customers include industrial companies as well as consumer products manufacturers. You will find a selection below.

When we were planning our big trip with Grandma Beverly and cousin Eva and Murphy to Walt Disney World (and Universal Studios, Orlando), I wasn’t sure how “magical” the Magic Kingdom would be for D. He’d never been a big Disney kid, and wasn’t even familiar with many of the classic characters. He’d seen Mickey Mouse Clubhouse a few times, but it’d been awhile. Donald Duck? Who was he, again?
And how would it be for me, and Jeff? Would we relive the experience of our childhood visits, or would it all just seem gimmicky and expensive? For Jeff the WDW memories are directly tied to his traumatic experience with the neighbor’s dog at age 5 (he was wearing his WDW shirt, its bloodied image forever linked to the dog attack).
But still, we had Peter Pan to look forward to–and D knew the story of the boy from Neverland well, having been a cloud in last year’s school production of the play Peter and Wendy.
Well it turns out I had it all wrong, and I learned this one Day 1, at Universal, when, after a tough morning of Harry Potter lines (and somewhat too scary attractions for D), we sought refuge in the “kiddie” area of Islands of Adventure, where D road the merry-go-round (twice!) with glee. Life slowed down and I remembered that although he is 7, he’s…well, 7. He doesn’t need a lot of sophisticated entertainment. We rode the gentle Dr. Seuess train/kiddie coaster, with its pastel colors and soothing voice-over, marveling at how we rode the tracks through a building. And after that, D exclaimed, “Look! It’s Thing 1 and Thing 2” and was immediately star-struck.
Look at that smile! What a thrill to meet *the real* Cat in the Hat and his sidekicks. Now, we were in the swing of things, and I was very relieved that I’d booked a character lunch later in the trip. Although I knew D knew there were humans under those costumes, somehow, in the heat of the day and after all that effort, it’s a relief to simply believe.
On our first day at the Magic Kingdom, we had a FastPass for an attraction that had to close during our reserved time. In return, we were granted 3 wishes. No, scratch that, that’s incorrect. See there I go slipping into life in FantasyLand. We were instead actually granted a visit with Mickey!
Now as you know dear readers I did copious research for this trip, thanks to the colossally sized book Grandma Beverly sent. This book saved our bacon in several respects, but it also impressed upon me how utterly late in the game we were undertaking this epic journey. As it turns out those in the know book at least 6 months in advance, so that they may book the hotel and dining venues of their choice. This includes visits with characters, which are among the first things to be snatched up at exactly 12:00:01 am on the 180th day before you set your slippered foot in the Kingdom.
So it was indeed a great honor and a nice bit of luck that landed us in Mickey’s magic dressing room, for a 10-minute audience with the Mouse himself.
The next day, thanks to a helpful cast member (as all WDW employees are called), we secured a primo spot for the Magic Kindom parade (surprisingly good!). More luck led me to be rolling at just the right time to capture what I think was me for a major highlight of the trip.

The annual Customer Owned Banking Convention, presented by the Customer Owned Banking Association and the Australasian Mutuals Institute, is widely recognised as an inspiring thought leadership forum. It is always enthusiastically attended by those in the industry from across the nation. This year the Convention was attended by the majority of credit unions, building societies, mutual banks and friendly societies as well as a large number of affiliate members. There were also a number of international attendees from the Asia Pacific region. The Conference program not only provided a range of networking opportunities but also some interesting thought debates around the chosen themes.
Curve was again proud to be associated with such an engaging event as the bus sponsor. Transporting delegates to and from the convention venue in air conditioned busses was enthusiastically welcomed by all delegates given the Darwin heat. The convention was attended by Curve’s David Flanagan and Managing Director Andrew Murray. We look forward to continue working with our customer owned banking partners, as well as the broader industry, well into the future.

Exercise Excel 3-1:
Theater Tickets -
AutoFormat; Insert; Totals
|What you will do:
Create totals and subtotals
The worksheet you created in Exercise 2-1
at the end of Excel Project 2 was quite bare. Should we say
boring? Some formatting would add interest and would make the chart easier to read.
- From your Class disk, open the file theater tickets.xls
from the excel project2 folder.
- Save to your Class disk in the
excel project3 folder with the name theater tickets3.xls
When you plan to save with a
different name, use Save As right away so you won't overwrite the original file
- AutoFormat all: Select all the data, A1:F36. AutoFormat the selection with
Classic 3 table format,
applying all the characteristics.
- Edit: In cell B5, edit the text to read Number. In cell
C5 type Price. Below C5 enter the prices of the ticket types: $20, $16, $8.
- AutoFormat small table: AutoFormat the Seating Capacity table, A4:C8, with
Classic 3 also.
- Format small table: Center Seating Capacity across the 3 columns of the small table.
Center contents in each cell of the rest of this small table. Select the cells surrounding the small table and
clear all formatting in them.
- Format large table: Wrap text in cells containing West Side Story and
Ticket Type. Widen the columns as needed and resize rows to be just tall enough to show the text.
Center the Ticket Type column.
- Insert rows & format: You need some space for subtotals. Insert blank rows above the rows containing Dolly, Evita, Totals.
Border the new cells in the large table with
, one line top, double line bottom.
- AutoSum subtotals: Use AutoSum to create subtotals for each play of the tickets sold and the total money for those tickets. [Look at the range Excel suggests carefully and change it if necessary.] Make these 3 new rows
Bold. In column A of these rows type in the name of the play followed by
Total =. Make the new labels in column A Bold Italics.
- Rewrite Formulas: Inserting the subtotals made the Total row values wrong. The formulas changed to include the new cells. Rewrite the
Totals on the last row so the formulas will add only the subtotal cells in that column.
- Prepare to print: Change the header to show Exercise Excel
Spell Check. Check the Print Preview - portrait orientation, centered horizontally on page.
Compare carefully to the illustration below. Make any corrections needed in
alignment, formatting, spacing, etc.
- Print the sheet.

Most people will assume that “asset managers” means people who oversee a pool of accumulated wealth. But there is a whole other hidden use for the phrase that means the professionals who keep track of the “personal property” that belongs to large institutions.
Enterprise asset management
Think about when you were in college or maybe in the hospital or at a public library. In most cases, every computer and printer and, in some cases, every stick of furniture has a small label affixed to it with the institution’s name and a unique number. This is all the passive observer will ever see of what is a billion dollar, worldwide industry.
Business to business players
The general public will likely never hear of the companies that provide the hardware and software to every major corporation, government agency, military contractor, hospital system or university. These companies provide a much needed service designed to help large institutions keep tabs on all the stuff they own, borrow or lend.
If you are a large defense contractor and you are managing property that belongs to a U.S. Department of Defense, you are entering a highly specialized area that requires that employees be trained and certified to a higher standard. When we are talking about millions of unique items spread thin across global institutions, advanced education is necessary.
The National Property Management Association
NPMA professional asset managers receive advanced certification to better perform their duties. And March is a special month where members take the time to toot their own horns and let the world know what they’re about: “an association for professionals who are responsible for the effective and efficient management of equipment, materials, and other movable and durable assets for their organization.”

At Damari we specialize in the custom experience. You think of it, we create it. Book your appointment today
Design appointment: Design your suit and have your measurements taken
First Fitting: Trying on your suit for the first time! Our stylist will pin any alterations and our tailor will have them ready for you in 1-10 days.
Confirm your perfect fit and take your suit home!

We are back from Scotland and it was really amazing. “Awesome!” (as they would say in another part of the world). You can’t imagine how beautiful is the landscape, how rich is the biodiversity (although we were in the West, where they said “God had no earth left when he created Scottish Highlands”) and how kind are people.
We spent lovely nights at the Rowantree Cottage in Arrochar. It was the first time Neel called someone “The Gentleman” (Bill Thompson) and “The Lady” (Irene Thompson), our lovely hosts. And Charlie the cat was also very kind and patient with Neel.
In Rowantree Cottage
If you have time, we definitely also recommend The Ballyhennan restaurant, situated between Arrochar and Tarbet. In a beautifully renovated 18th Century former church (*), the service is very warm and the food excellent. Try it with or without your family, its food is really excellent and will please everyone!
(*) we learned and saw it’s very common in Scotland to transform lovely churches into restaurant, bed and breakfast or private houses.
In West Scotland, you can’t miss Loch (lakes) and mountains (and midges too, when it just rained and the sun appears). Driving there is very funny (especially on B type roads!). And everywhere you go, you want to stop and just look at the beautiful scenery around you.
Fun at the lake
In Ardnamurchan, we also spent lovely moments at Craig Na Shee, the Rock of Peace. When you arrive there, you wonder how they managed to fit all this comfort in a remote place. And then you sit, relax and enjoy the place! (We were so relaxed we even forgot to take a picture of the great house.) If you have the chance to have good weather conditions (i.e. not too much rain) – and we did, one day – go and visit Sanna Bay, a wonderful bay on the Atlantic ocean.
So you have to discover Scotland, it’s wonderful!

Saturday, December 19, 2020
The seismic events of the year 2020 will no doubt reverberate for years to come. Other than the pandemic and the societal uprisings, a third thing I think we can learn from is leadership. Here are some take-aways:
- It has been said that we get the leaders we deserve. The last four years in the US have shown us the ugly side of our country, almost in a caricatured manner. Yes, we need to heal the ugly face of racism. We need to support the underserved in our society and not blame the victims. We need to look at how we value our environment. We need to value science and not engage in magical thinking. We need to treat each others are equals and not perpetuate rankism and elitism. We need to be mindful that words have consequences.
- When I look at how the common people in our country and other countries have banded together to stand up and say "No more!" I am moved and inspired. Two images come to mind. First, elected leaders are like the large game animals in wild areas. What prompts them to move? The common grass. Be like the succulent, green grass and entice our leaders to move in your direction.
- The second image comes from the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Have you ever seen it? The highlight is the large balloons of cartoon characters being led along the parade path, seemingly squeezed between the huge skyscrapers. The balloons are like elected leaders. Who leads these balloons? Just common people, holding the balloons by ropes and walking along the parade route. Be the rope-holder, and keep walking.
Saturday, December 12, 2020
The year 2020 will be remembered for so many things. Last week we talked about the lessons of the pandemic. Another giant event in this year was the eruption of protests against historical and systemic prejudice. We've seen marches against police brutality, against governmental corruption, against racial disparities, against sexual predation, among others. What is to be learned from this?
- We cannot ignore historically underserved communities and not expect some sort of backlash. How we treat others, or allow our societies to treat them, will someday affect ourselves.
- Our police have forgotten how to relate to others as fellow humans and fallen into the trap of becoming tools of armament vendors. What happened to the neighborhood cop that everyone knew?
- Our police have also been asked to play too many roles -- peace-keeper, social worker, psychologist, addictions counselor and so on -- and are asked to do so in places where people are heavily armed, mentally unbalanced, or desperate. Our societies need to get back to providing social funding to help support the poor, the emotionally distraught, those with mental illness, and those with addictions. If we fund people first, the police can get back to serving as peace-keepers.
- Sub-groups in our societies will no longer be kept down. The power of these marches show that it will no longer be acceptable to discriminate against any group that is not part of the ruling class. There is power in the unity of resistance.
Saturday, December 5, 2020
No doubt the year 2020 will be analyzed, written about, cursed and eulogized over the coming months and years. We will all agree it's been a year quite unlike any other! While I don't pretend to be comprehensive in what I think humanity could learn from this year, I'll look back with 20/20 vision and list some things I think are important.
Of course, the most important event of 2020 was the novel coronavirus and its related disease, COVID-19. It has affected everyone in various ways. Here are some lessons we can list:
- This virus has touched the lives of everyone on the planet. What else can you say did the same?
- It has taught us that the greatest sign of love is to be apart from each other, as difficult as that may be, in order to keep each other safe.
- Being apart from each other has taught us about the value of relationships, how technology has become so indispensable in staying in touch with each other, and the value of real communication, from the heart.
- The virus is largely spread through the air, through the droplets spread from unmasked talking or breathing. It is invisible. In this way it mimics words, whether spoken or written, in how they can affect others. Are our words filtered with some sense of empathy and kindness, or are they unmasked with venom? Words affect others just as much as virus cells do.
- It has shown that the virus can strike anyone, regardless of wealth or status, but it tends to affect those who have been historically marginalized in a more serious manner. The cracks in our health care and societal support systems have been laid bare with this pandemic.
- It has taught us the value of science and objective study. Hopefully, people will come to learn that conspiracies and politicization are potentially harmful, and that well-regarded, well-researched news media are the best sources for action.
- It has taught us to be grateful for the little things -- a beautiful sunset, the gleam of a water droplet on a flower, the warmth of a pet on your lap, the smile from a loved one's face via Zoom.
Thursday, November 26, 2020
I don't know about you, but this very unusual year of 2020 with all its challenges has taught me a lot about being grateful. I want to take the time to say how I grateful I am that you are reading this blog and for those who have ordered The Gemini Bond. On this day of thanks, I thank you for sharing your time with me here. I am blessed.
Saturday, November 21, 2020
Last week I was praising the book Women in Praise of the Sacred: 43 Centuries of Spiritual Poetry by Women, edited by Jane Hirshfield. I'd like to share a quote that really spoke to me. It talks about how we could benefit from everything we do, everything we encounter, in order to grow spiritually. It's by the first published poet in the American colonies, Anne Bradstreet (1612-1672).
"There is no object that we see, no action that we do, no good that we enjoy, no evil that we feel or fear, but we may make some spiritual advantage of all."
Saturday, November 14, 2020
Sometimes I like to browse through my bookshelves at home, since browsing at a bookstore is not a great idea these days, and picked up one that I've had there for quite a while. It's good to renew acquaintances with old friends, books or otherwise.
Women in Praise of the Sacred: 43 Centuries of Spiritual Poetry by Women is a terrific compilation of spiritual writing from nearly every tradition. What I like the best is that the editor, the poet and translator Jane Hirshfield, included selections that speak directly from the writer's heart. These aren't poems that were created to please someone else or some religious tradition. Each word has been felt and lived.
In these days of introspection and getting back to our true natures, this book presents voices that can still guide us. A wonderful book to have on your bookshelf . . . or bedside table.
Saturday, November 7, 2020
A strong nation, like a strong person, can afford to be gentle, firm, thoughtful, and restrained. It can afford to extend a helping hand to others. It is a weak nation, like a weak person, that must behave with bluster and boasting and rashness and other signs of insecurity. (Jimmy Carter)
Tuesday, November 3, 2020
Appealing to tribe, appealing to fear, pitting one group against another, telling people that order and security will be restored if it weren't for those who don't look like us or don't sound like us or don't pray like we do, that's an old playbook. It's as old as time. And in a healthy democracy it doesn't work. Our antibodies kick in, and people of goodwill from across the political spectrum call out the bigots and the fearmongers, and work to compromise and get things done and promote the better angels of our nature. (Barack Obama)
Saturday, October 31, 2020
Saturday, October 24, 2020
Saturday, October 17, 2020
The Christian alchemists tell us that when in our being we have completed the sacred marriage of opposites, of the male and the female, the sun and the moon, the dark and the light, the conscious and the unconscious, we become a sacred androgyne-child, free of reason's madness and the ego's frivolous gloom, free of all conscious and unconscious barriers and definitions, mysterious and complete as reality itself and one with its mystery in the ground of our perfected being.That deserves some pondering, don't you think?
Saturday, October 10, 2020
Aging narcissists, which is what we're ruled by, are very dangerous people. As death approaches, their hunger for power and to prove their immortality gets more and more hysterical. They're willing to sacrifice more and more people on the altar of their own vanity. It's frightening to look at the majority of politicians and businessmen who rule the world because they are so clearly terrified. Their terror of losing power, and of death, makes them engines of destruction. Through this denial, they're even willing to institutionalize the death of the environment. This is the final paradox of narcissism, that it is willing to go on engineering total destruction in order to keep going and not have to face the shock and pain of truth; it will press the atomic button to keep alive its fiction of invincibility. It is as mad as that.See? Written for our times.
Saturday, October 3, 2020
And this is a book for our times. Even though it was copyrighted in 1994, it was definitely meant for our current generation to read. What is this book, you ask. It's Dialogues with a Modern Mystic by Andrew Harvey and Mark Matousek. You may know Andrew Harvey as one of the foremost writers and speakers on the mystic life, but Mark Matousek is also a deep-thinking modern mystic.
The book takes the form of a series of conversations between the two men on various topics. It starts out with Harvey, primarily, warning of the dark future that faces humanity if we do not return to our hearts and live with compassion, justice, and love. It then touches on several topics, including fear and courage, death and deathlessness, work, visions, humility, grief, and humor. It is a book to read slowly, savor, and contemplate.
I think we need to heed the call within this book. Let it be a guiding light in our path to building a better future for all of us. Highly recommended.
Saturday, September 26, 2020
Saturday, September 19, 2020
Don't be a puppet. Be wise. Be vigilant.
Saturday, September 12, 2020
Saturday, September 5, 2020
I've spent the last several months since savoring the poems in this most unusual book of poetry. Written and/or compiled by Daniel Ladinsky, Love Poems from God features poetry that he created out the writings of twelve mystic writers from various traditions. Which mystic writers? you ask. Let me tell you: Rabia, St. Francis of Assisi, Rumi, Meister Eckhart, St. Thomas Aquinas, Hafiz, St. Catherine of Siena, Kabir, Mira, St. Teresa of Avila, St. John of the Cross, and Tukaram. Both Eastern and Western traditions are featured, although it's interesting to see, when comparing the poems, how the poets often come to similar conclusions or dwell on similar themes.
Daniel Ladinsky is the first to admit that he had fun taking liberties in his translations/adaptations. Some of the poems are earthy, some are cheeky, some are downright naughty. But they all point to the mystic's efforts to describe the sense of unity with the divine within. This is a wonderful book to read and savor as long as you don't read some of the poems in church. Recommended.
Saturday, August 29, 2020
Saturday, August 22, 2020
For someone like me, however, I find that I need to let go of controlled, "yang" breathing techniques at times because I have control-freak tendencies to begin with and these techniques just reinforce that, I believe. I need to balance that with times when I just allow my body to breathe at its own pace and watch that breath. It's a challenge for someone like me to be "yin" and just allow the body to breathe without my interference! Once I start observing my breath, I find that I have to be very careful not to start controlling when the next breath comes. It's a good challenge, though.
Saturday, August 15, 2020
In this one, you need to divide your breaths into four beats. One thing that Wolf stresses over and over again is that as you become more relaxed, your breaths will naturally be longer and slower, so your beats will slow down. That is OK. It's better to have the beats match your breath than to force your breath to match your beats.
In this technique, you assign one internally-heard pitch each of the four beats. Wolf recommends using Pythagorean intervals, so I will describe that here. One such set of intervals is 1-4-5-1, or do-fa-sol-do. If you play an instrument, you could play it as C-F-G-C.
Here's how the technique goes. Breathe in and hear internally (don't sing this out loud) C-C-C-C in four even beats. Hold the breath and count four silent beats. Breathe out and hear internally F-F-F-F in four even beats. Hold the breath and count four silent beats. Breathe in and hear internally G-G-G-G in four even beats. Hold the breath and count four silent beats. Breathe out and hear internally C-C-C-C in four even beats. Hold the breath and count four silent beats. Repeat.
I don't know why, but I find this just complex enough to keep my mind engaged while producing a deep calm at the same time. Perhaps it will help you as well.
Saturday, August 8, 2020
The first combines both simple words and single pitches that one hears in one's head. That means you must be able to "sing" a single note inside your mind without actually singing it out loud. If this seems doable to you, then read on.
With each in-breath, you mentally hold a pitch and sing internally one word, which I will give in a moment. With each out-breath, you listen to external sounds with detachment. Got that? Breathe in and hear a single note in your mind, breathe out and objectively listen to the world around you. You may keep the same pitch with each in-breath if you want, but I like to change it each time. You can decide what works best for you.
Now to add a single word for each in-breath. They are: Calm, Relaxed, Peaceful, and Now.
So, here's how it goes. Breathe in and mentally sing "calm" on a single note. Breathe out and listen with detachment. Breathe in and mentally sing "relaxed" on a single note. Breathe out and listen with detachment. Breathe in and mentally sing "peaceful" on a single note. Breathe out and listen with detachment. Breathe in a mentally sing "now" on a single note. Breathe out and listen with detachment. Repeat.
I like to create a four-note melody that I repeat with each round of those four words. I also find that when I am in stressful situations, I can start mentally singing that four-note melody and it helps me to recover a calmer state. I hope this also helps you as well.
Saturday, August 1, 2020
Written by Richard Wolf, In Tune: Music as the Bridge to Mindfulness could be a valuable resource for a people who would like new and different methods for their meditative practice. Richard Wolf, by the way, is an Emmy Award-winning composer, music producer, and professor at UCLA's school of music.
Of course, I think this book would be best suited for people who have at least some musical training and know what a beat is, what a 4-beat measure is all about, and have some familiarity with intervals (measuring the distance between two pitches). I've had a bit of musical training, so most of this book made sense to me.
First, this is not at all like Anthony de Mello's books on meditation, where he gets right to it and describes one method after another, along with helpful hints and caveats. No. Wolf gently leads the reader from one concept to another, sometimes offering inside looks at his interactions with various famous musicians over his long career. This is a gentle, leisurely book. However, I did find a few of his meditation techniques very helpful and I often come back to them again and again.
A recommended book, especially if you have a little musical training and want some new and unique techniques for your meditation practice.
Saturday, July 25, 2020
Saturday, July 18, 2020
I have a friend who gets almost all of his news from a prominent social media site. Sadly, much of the news that he chooses to click on is fake. They have provocative headlines that are designed to elicit fear, anger or outrage, or greed. One of his favorites are conspiracy theories, which mix fear and outrage. The problem is, whenever he clicks on one of these stories, the website remembers and generates more articles along that vein. So, he clicks on more, and more appear. In a sense, he is creating his own hall of mirrors. The sad thing is that these fake news articles are designed not only to get him to read more like them, but they are also created to influence how he votes, how he views certain ethnic groups, and how he becomes more ingrained in a certain world view. It's very sad.
Stay free of this. Do not click on articles that you can tell are appealing to your lower emotional centers. Check "facts" in these articles with Snopes.com or other fact-checking sites. Be objective.
Similarly, the non-anonymous talking heads on the daily news channels, especially the ones that run 24/7, use your base emotions to continue watching. Anger, fear and outrage are particularly common emotions that they elicit in order to keep you glued to the TV. After all, they are in the business of selling commercial time, and the longer you watch, the more commercials you will see. Of course, I am not saying that you should avoid being informed and watching the news, but be aware of how the different news organizations make you feel. Do you feel angry, afraid, or upset? Do those emotions make it hard for you to pull away from the TV? Or do you feel informed, where the news is presented in a logical, even-handed way? That is probably the better choice for getting your information.
We all make choices in how we stay informed in this world. By making wise choices, we can avoid the chance that we might come under someone's influence through the manipulation of our emotions. Be wise. Stay free.
Saturday, July 11, 2020
First, let's look at how individual people try to influence us to their advantage. We have all received phone calls from scam artists who try to control us by using our emotions to our disadvantage. Scammers call this "getting them under the ether." They say things to elicit the strong emotions that are based in our reptilian brains, getting us out of our logical, objective higher brain. And the emotions they love to use are fear or urgency, anger or outrage, and greed.
For example, a scammer might want to scare you to believe that your computer has been hacked and you only have minutes to take care of it. They are using fear and the pressure of time to hook you into doing what they want, such as providing them with your credit card number. The best thing to do is to take a deep breath and hang up. (Better yet, never answer a number you do not recognize.)
But leaders also do the same thing, don't they? Whether it's religious leaders who scare you with talk of eternal damnation or governmental leaders who vilify a minority ethnic group, saying that they are out to take your job or are a threat to your safety, these leaders are using fear to control you so that you will do what they want. Stop. Take a deep breath. Go back to watching and listening to them objectively. Ask yourself: What do they want from me? Decide for yourself if that's something that is in your best interest and the best interest of those you care about.
Stay free, friends, stay free.
Saturday, July 4, 2020
Saturday, June 27, 2020
I've written about Anthony de Mello before. He was a Jesuit priest, born in India, received his higher education in Great Britain, and prolific writer and teacher. Given his background, he was uniquely able to meld Christian beliefs with Indian meditative practices. This book is the result.
Like many meditation books, he starts with concentration exercises, such as focusing on the breath or body sensations, and advances to practices which he called meditations based on fantasy. By this he meant meditative practices which use the imagination to access spiritual insights, promote relaxation, heal past trauma, and bring peace. For me, these were the most interesting and useful practices.
The last section deals with meditative practices that are strictly Christian in nature. If you are Christian, you will have no issue with this section, but if you are not, you may have difficulty transferring the practices to your own spiritual viewpoint. But no matter, the rest of the book is well worth the money. A highly recommended book for those wanting to deepen their meditations.
Saturday, June 20, 2020
While it is valuable for its historical insights, I think I appreciated most how Dr. Harrington explained Meister Eckhart's spiritual teachings. Meister Eckhart believed that the masses to whom he preached could be taught how to unite with the God within and would sometimes use phrasing that bordered on pantheism and other non-orthodox beliefs. One such statement was, "Therefore I pray to God to make me free of God." He also stressed that the inward state is much more valuable to God than good works. Of course, this eventually brought him unwelcome notice for the religious authorities and he was called in to explain his allegedly heretical statements. I won't ruin the ending for you, but it cost him both his reputation as well as his being officially "forgotten" for many centuries.
I think that what is important about this book is that Dr. Harrington worked to present Eckhart's teachings within the framework of his time and place. As we have seen in the last several decades, several authors have taken some of Eckhart's words and used them to promote their own viewpoint, but Dr. Harrington clearly counteracts that. Meister Eckhart taught important spiritual insights that must be taken within their context and, once understood, can provide useful nuggets for spiritual wisdom in our times.
Saturday, June 13, 2020
The author is a professor of history at Vanderbilt University and an expert on social and religious history in premodern Germany. He provides the reader with a thorough sense of German life in the late 13th and early 14th centuries, the Catholic viewpoint and the political struggles of that time. Within this framework, he zeroes in on the life of a Dominican monk from a small town who had both keen intellectual gifts as well as unique spiritual insights.
Meister Eckhart was clearly a man of enormous potential, as his superiors supported his intellectual pursuits at the Univeristy of Paris, where he eventually earned a Master of religious studies and also taught there. He was also a gifted administrator and his superiors also relied on him to lead at various monasteries where the political winds were particularly treacherous.
However, it is Meister Eckhart's spiritual insights which have made him known, in a negative way toward the end of the life, and somewhat more positively in recent years. A highly recommended book.
Saturday, June 6, 2020
When I looked at the art, I was struck by the simple honesty of the depictions. The renderings were accompanied by brief descriptions of the scene they were portraying. But since I didn't know anything about Guru Nanak's life, they meant little to me. It was more of the energy of the work -- the directness, the simplicity, the quiet wisdom -- that touched me most.
Of course, on our way out, we had to stop by the gift shop and I picked up a biography of Guru Nanak so I could learn more. I finally sat down and read it bit by bit and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was a delightful read and illuminated the life of Guru Nanak as well as his teachings. I learned a lot about Sikhism as well as its founder.
And what is this book, you ask? Let me tell you. It's The First Sikh Spiritual Master: Timeless Wisdom from the Life and Techniques of Guru Nanak by Harish Dhillon. I found myself looking forward to seeing what would happen to Guru Nanak, as his biography read like an adventure story. Of course, I also relished the parts which explained his teachings and beliefs.
If you'd like to learn more about Sikhism and its founder, this is a great book to get. Highly recommended.
Saturday, May 30, 2020
Thursday, May 28, 2020
- Come to your sense of self. It doesn't matter how you do it -- wiggle your toes, stomp your feet, count your breaths, chant, meditate, do a yoga pose -- it doesn't matter, as long as you can come back to your inner self, with its unique emotional landscape.
- Observe your emotions. You may find that there are layers of emotions there; some are weaker and some are stronger; some may feel familiar and some may feel like an ill-fitting, itchy sweater.
- Visualize these emotions as having separate layers. The more familiar ones may be in your core self. Others may feel like they hover on the outer part of your emotional sphere. Do they have colors? Wave shapes? Weight? Notice as much detail about them as you can.
- Inhale, reaffirming the emotions that truly belong to you. The ones nearest your core may feel more stable, familiar, and part of your world outlook. Keep those. Then, exhale, releasing the ones that do not belong to you. Repeat. Repeat again until you feel calmer and more at ease in yourself.
- Do this process as many times per day as you need -- even 19 times, if that's what it takes.
Saturday, May 23, 2020
"A nice definition of an awakened person: A person who no longer marches to the drums of society, a person who dances to the tune of the music that springs up from within."
"What does it mean to love? It means to see a person, a situation, a thing as it really is, not as you imagine it to be."
"It's not reality that matters, but what you're saying to yourself about it."
"The beauty of an action comes not from its having become a habit but from its sensitivity, consciousness, clarity of perception, and accuracy of response."I am so glad I found this book, and am honored to share it with you. It can be world-changing.
Saturday, May 16, 2020
In step one, he asks that you first get in touch with your negative feelings (ones that you may not even be aware of).
In step two, he says that you need to understand that the feeling is in you, not in external reality. He says that no person, event, or circumstance has the power to disturb or hurt you. Think on that a while.
In step three, he says that we must never identify with that feeling, but realize that feelings come and feelings go. Let it pass. There is an eternal "I" which is completely undisturbed by external reality.
In step four, he says that good feelings -- happiness, joy, bliss -- come from inside and have nothing to do with externals. As we change, everything changes.
As I read the book, I couldn't help but see that some of his philosophy has some influences of Buddhism and mindfulness practices. Still, the way he presents his ideas make perfect sense and seem fresh and applicable as he describes them. A fabulous book.
Saturday, May 9, 2020
First, a word about Anthony de Mello. He was born in Bombay, India, in 1931 and became a Jesuit priest and a psychotherapist. His writing shows both a strong mystical leaning as well as a rare insight into the human psychological dilemma. One of the things that I also appreciated about his viewpoint is that he was able to meld Eastern and Christian spirituality with a clear description of human psychology. He spoke and wrote with a rare clarity that took my breath away.
Sadly, he died too soon, at the age of fifty-five, of a heart attack.
Awareness is a compilation of talks de Mello gave at a spirituality conference, put together and edited by an associate, J. Francis Stroud, after de Mello's death. Happily, it reads like you are sitting in the conference room with him, watching as he goes off on tangents, or re-engages his audience with a fitting joke. He speaks to where people are, and not in some nebulous theoretical discourse. It's a pleasure to read.
If you are remotely interested in deepening your spiritual life, read this book. Like, right now. Like, go to your favorite bookstore and order it. Now. It will change your life.
Saturday, May 2, 2020
Like it was a college text or something.
And then I typed those notes up to keep as reference and reminder. That's pretty serious for me.
Even though I don't completely identify as Christian anymore, I found this book spoke to my mystical-leaning heart. In fact, it helped deepen those leanings and lit the way for further journeying along that path. It was a joy to find.
And what is that book? you ask. Well, tune in next week and I'll tell you more.
Saturday, April 25, 2020
Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before. You can fight it, you can do nothing but scream about what you've lost, or you can accept that and try to put together something that's good. (Elizabeth Edwards)
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. (Helen Keller)
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. Never pity yourself. Be a hard master to yourself -- and be lenient to everybody else. (Henry Ward Beecher)
The human capacity for burden is like bamboo -- far more flexible than you'd ever believe at first glance. (Jodi Picoult)Have courage, friends. Peace.
Saturday, April 18, 2020
1. People can react either out of fear or out of love. The former buy guns and stockpile supplies, while the latter express gratitude and compassion to others. Although it's hard at times when things seem so out of control, I try to act out of love as best I can.
2. In times of crisis, people can turn their fear into anger and aggressiveness. This manifests as putting blame on other people or countries, being threatening, or turning inward and ignoring the needs of others. This is an opportunity to pull our fractured nation and world together and work as one. Let's do that.
3. Our leaders show their true values in times of crisis. I've noticed that they either put money and the economy first, or they put people and their wellbeing first. My personal belief is that you can't have an economy without people, but I suppose there is some merit to the idea that if you have a healthy economy, then people can take care of themselves. Still, if both the economy and the people are ailing, let's put people first, shall we?
4. Viruses have no nation, creed, ethnicity, or religion. It is universal, just as the human soul is. I think people are coming to the knowledge that we really are all one.
5. We are living through extraordinary times. Let's be remembered for rising to the occasion and showing our best selves. We can overcome this. We're in this together.
Saturday, April 11, 2020
1. Alone time is essential. Even if I can't be completely alone in the house, I can still hide in a room, a closet, or in my innermost self through meditation. I need this. Every day.
2. Little things can become big things if we let them. I've learned it's necessary for my sanity and for peace between peoples if I lighten up and let things slide a bit. Rather than make a big deal over that irritating mouth sound my Significant Other makes when reading, I can either focus on my breath or I can leave for a while. Fantasizing about silencing those mouth sounds with a pillow is OK as long as I don't act on it.
3. People are reaching out more. I heard from a family member for the first time in a couple of decades and the conversation was quite pleasant. Perhaps this pandemic has put things in perspective for some people. I know it has for me.
4. Gratitude goes a long way. I find things run much more smoothly at home when I say at least five "thankyous" for every "please will you . . ". People like to feel appreciated, not constantly commanded or criticized.
5. On the rare occasions that I go to the store, I make it a point to thank every worker that I see. So often treated as if they are invisible, they are heroes in my book. We both feel better when I take the time to acknowledge that.
Saturday, April 4, 2020
1. Finding toilet paper at the store is like finding a winning lottery ticket. Even if is not my favorite brand, I am filled with gratitude for finding it. Who knew that an everyday item could impart such joy?
2. They say that necessity is the mother of invention. I learned that not being able to find things I usually buy at the grocery store causes me to try new and . . . interesting . . . ingredient combinations.
3. The fur babies are loving having us home more. Having them cuddle on my lap makes me feel better, too. They help ground me and bring me comfort in trying times.
4. Taking time to look at the tree branches swaying in the breeze, to listen to the birds singing, to feel the sun on my face is a result of having the time to do so. These simple pleasures never felt so good.
5. It is possible to watch too much TV news or read too much news reports on the internet. For my sanity, I need to step back and return to the present. Today is a gift to be treasured. Who knows what the future may bring? I may as well enjoy now.
Saturday, March 28, 2020
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness. (Desmond Tutu)
We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon. (Franklin D. Roosevelt)
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope. (Martin Luther)
Saturday, March 21, 2020
Every calamity is to be overcome by endurance. (Virgil)
The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress. (Frederick Douglass)
We all wish to be brave and strong in the face of disaster. We all wish to be looked up to for our endurance and efforts to help others. (Clarissa Pinkola Estes)
Saturday, March 14, 2020
From caring comes courage. (Lao Tzu)
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of mind next to honor. (Aristotle)
We must be bigger than we have been: more courageous, greater in spirit, larger in outlook. We must become members of a new race, overcoming petty prejudice, owing our ultimate allegiance not to nations but to our fellow men within the human community. (Haile Selassie)
Saturday, March 7, 2020
Today's theme is vision.
Where there is no vision, there is no hope. (George Washington Carver)
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. (Carl Jung)
Anything can be changed. Anything can be fixed. Things that are broken can be fixed. And you don't have to be some billionaire or millionaire to do it. You just have to be a person with a vision and the passion to do it, and be willing to fight for it every day. (Dana White)
Saturday, February 29, 2020
I found that, in reading, some of the mystics were well known to me. But I met a few that were unknown or even overlooked by history. It made my heart warm, knowing that some of these mystics, working quietly and often alone, described their experiences for a future that they could never imagine would appreciate them. What a testament to faith and courage.
Saturday, February 22, 2020
McColman is a lay Cistercian, as well as a contemplative writer, speaker, and retreat leader. He writes with sensitivity and clarity, a rare gift given the difficulty of putting such experiences into words.
He focuses on mystics from the Christian tradition (oh, that he would write on mystics from other traditions as well!) and divides them into nine categories of twelve mystics each:
- Wisdom Keepers
- Soul Friends
Friday, February 14, 2020
Saturday, February 8, 2020
May I share two more quotes, which I think pertain to today's push for change? They come from Mahatma Gandhi. We need to become students again of Gandhi's ideology which aims for social change through non-violent (non-resistant) means. His words still ring true in today's climate:
When restraint and courtesy are added to strength, the latter becomes irresistible.and:
The noblest moral law is that we should unremittingly work for the good of mankind.True then, true now.
Saturday, February 1, 2020
Last month I featured a couple of quotes from this book. Here is one more:
A profound understanding of religions allows the destruction of the barriers that separate them. (Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948)I highly recommend this book.
Saturday, January 25, 2020
Saturday, January 18, 2020
Saturday, January 11, 2020
But I would like to remind us all that change is far more than pushing away the stuff you don't like. To do that only breeds resistance, and you know the old saying, "What you resist persists." That's very true whether on the personal level or in societal structures.
It's far better to go around that stuff and aim higher. By that I mean that we need to acknowledge that wrongs, faults, and injustices exist but to hold as our goal the establishment of something better to replace it. We need to have the courage and persistence to fight FOR what we want, not AGAINST what we don't want.
So whether your issue for this year is person, say, weight loss or stopping smoking or gossiping, or whether it is societal or global, say, climate change, plastic pollution, economic inequality, overpopulation (why do so many people ignore this issue, which is at the root of so many other issues we face?), wars, poverty, hunger, illiteracy, and so on, I strongly urge us all to imagine what its preferred opposite might be and to work for that.
Up and at 'em. Keep the faith. Have courage.

Bathroom lights usually are placed above or next to a bathroom mirror, above your vanity or sink. They provide a fairly strong light in front of your face which helps you to see clearly for washing, make-up application and so on. A row of 3-5 light bulbs is ideal for most bathrooms, while 1-light or 2-light fixtures could be placed either side of a mirror. Bath vanity lights shield your eyes from the glare of lightbulbs and also provide ambient light for the whole bathroom.
Informal and comfortable, this relaxed style accentuates an airy and unpretentious living space, evoking the feeling of a permanent beach cottage vacation. Casual Lighting uses clean and simple lines, subtle curves, natural textures, and decorative glass for a subtle elegance that doesn’t overwhelm the senses.
Fixtures closely attached to a wall tend to produce more ambient background light. They might be used to support a more central light fixture or as a less elaborate central light. They can produce strong light near to where they are placed. Wall sconces and bathroom lights can add extra light to one side of a room where you need it.
Bath vanity lights are best used in a bathroom or restroom, above or next to a mirror. However, single or two-light bath lights could be used like a wall-sconce in other rooms such as living rooms, dining rooms, hallways or bedrooms.
The bath light and mirror are most likely placed directly above the vanity in front of the sink. The combination of using the sink while looking in the mirror is common. Since this places light to the side of the room, an overhead light is also recommended.
Attaches to an interior wall. The backplate hides the electrical installation.
An electrician or person with electrical installation knowledge will need to permanently wire the bath light into the building's electrical supply.

"They beat me pretty bad" said Finnegan Lee Elder.
An American student on trial in Italy for the murder of a Rome policeman claims he was kicked, punched and spat on in custody, according to a leaked official transcript from last summer, reports AFP.
Finnegan Lee Elder and fellow Californian student Gabriel Christian Natale-Hjorth could be handed life sentences if convicted of murdering Mario Cerciello Rega, a 35-year-old carabiniere who was stabbed 11 times in Rome last July.
Cerciello Rega and his colleague Andrea Varriale, both dressed in plain-clothes, had gone to investigate a drug deal gone wrong in the capital's upmarket Prati district in the early hours of 26 July 2019.
While in Rome's Regina Coeli prison on 2 August, Elder was recorded secretly during a private conversation with his father and American lawyer. "They beat me pretty bad ... in the [police] station," Elder said in a transcript of the conversation requested by the court, reports AFP.
"They threw me to the ground, kicked me, punched me, stood on me, spit on me" - he said - "They said they would give me 40 years if I didn't give them my phone password."
Elder's claims of police brutality follow the leaking of photographs of Hjorth blindfolded and handcuffed at a police station in Rome.
"The awful truth of what Finnegan was subjected to and endured as a terrified 19-year-old is now being revealed to the world," - Elder's father Ethan told AFP - "Our hearts break every minute of every hour of every day."
Elder, now 20, has admitted to stabbing Cerciello Rega with an 18-cm serrated-edge combat knife but has insisted to investigators that he thought he and his friend were being attacked by drug dealers.
What happened prior to attack
A few hours earlier Elder and Natale-Hjorth had been trying to buy cocaine in the popular night-life area of Trastevere.
A man described as an "intermediary" and identified as Sergio Brugiatelli helped them find a dealer who allegedly sold them crushed aspirin instead of drugs.
In retaliation the students stole Brugiatelli's rucksack, demanding the return of their money plus a gram of cocaine in exchange. However Brugiatelli informed the police of the situation, with undercover officers Cerciello Rega and Varriale going to the designated meeting place in Prati instead of Brugiatelli.
Elder claims that they were jumped from behind by the officers who they believed were criminal associates of Brugiatelli. Varriale has said that he and Cerciello Rega, both unarmed, told the young men they were police, but that Elder pulled out a knife and attacked Cerciello Rega, while Natale-Hjorth wrestled with Varriale.
In the ensuing 32-second brawl Cerciello Rega was stabbed 11 times, later dying from his wounds in nearby S. Spirito hospital.
Elder and Natale-Hjorth fled the scene but were tracked down the next day to a hotel, in the same area as the attack, where police found the military knife hidden behind a ceiling panel.
Contradictory version of events
Varriale initially said that he and Cerciello Rega had been attacked by men of north African descent, as well as claiming that he had been armed. However it later transpired that both officers were unarmed and that they acted without backup, in violation of police procedure.
Shortly after the teens' arrest, a photo showing Natale-Hjorth blindfolded and restrained at a police station was leaked to the Italian media, attracting further controversy to the case.
Separately, defence lawyers for the US students say that transcripts of talks between Elder and his lawyer which were published in Italian media and suggested that he had confessed, were translated badly and appeared to omit parts of their conversation.
Outpouring of public sympathy
Cerciello Rega's murder received widespread attention in Italy where he was portrayed as a hero. He had only just returned to duty from his honeymoon, and massive crowds turned out for his funeral at the same church where he had been married just 43 days before.

Europe River Cruises
What’s more peaceful than floating slowly through idyllic Europe on a beautifully appointed cruise ship? Our river cruises allow you to take in the breathtaking sights in comfort and at a relaxing pace, with a vacation combining a meandering European river cruise and an engaging land tour. YMT now offers river cruise tours throughout Germany, France, Austria, and beyond!
Elegant Danube River Cruise & Tour
Danube River Cruise DetailsDelight in the scenery, spirit, and robust culture of 5 Central European countries as you enjoy a leisurely cruise down the dazzling Danube River. See countless miles of spectacular scenery—vibrant villages, colossal castles, ornate churches, and sophisticated capital cities await!
Enchanting Danube River Cruise & Tour
Danube River Vacation Package Details
Travel down the brilliant blue Danube, experiencing the nature, history, and culture of riverside settlements in Germany, Austria, and Slovakia. Fall in love with intimate villages, sophisticated cities, and the sprawling countryside found on the banks of Europe's second-longest river.
Portugal & The Douro River Valley
Portugal River Cruise Details
The Douro River Valley has been home to a thriving wine industry for over 2,000 years—sail through this stunning region whose history, natural beauty, and sophisticated culinary culture make it one of Europe’s most appealing vacation destinations.
Rendezvous on the Rhône
Rhône River Cruise DetailsSightseeing in Paris followed by a river cruise through the heart of Provence and French wine country, as made famous in the works of Vincent Van Gogh. Sounds wonderful, doesn’t it? This picture-perfect vacation is designed to give travelers a complete experience of France in just 8 nights: Paris, Versailles, Dijon, Lyon, Avignon, and more!
Rhône River Cruise & Flavors of Champagne
Rhône River Cruise Details
The most romantic city in the world. The most exclusive drink. The most beautiful river. This tour and river cruise down the Rhone is a celebration of France, highlighting the nation’s culture, history, scenery, and almost palpable joie de vivre.

Health and safety
Services and conveniences
Accessibility and suitability
Things to do
Media and entertainment
Parking and transportation
|Check in anytime after 13:30, check out anytime before 11:00|
|Cancellation/pre-payment policies vary by room type and provider.|
Fonte Dei Tufi is located at Strada Dei Tufi 61, 2,2 km from the centre of Siena. Orto Botanico dell'Università di Siena is the closest landmark to Fonte Dei Tufi.
Check-in time is 13:30 and check-out time is 11:00 at Fonte Dei Tufi.
Yes, Fonte Dei Tufi offers free Wi-Fi.
Yes, Fonte Dei Tufi offers free parking.
Fonte Dei Tufi is 32,5 km from San Dalmazio San Domino Island. Fonte Dei Tufi is 57,8 km from Florence Peretola.
Yes, Fonte Dei Tufi is a pet-friendly hotel.

Rider AlertsStay up to date on detours, snow routes, service changes and more by signing up for Everett Transit Rider Alerts.
Rules of the RoadTo ensure your ride on Everett Transit is a safe and pleasant experience, please observe the rules of the road.
Riding with AnimalsPets must be kept on your lap or on the floor of the bus; animals may not occupy a customer seat.
Biking ResourcesEvery Everett Transit bus is equipped with a bike rack. Bikes travel free on public transportation on a first-come, first-served basis.
Lost & FoundImportant information about items lost and found aboard Everett Transit buses and Everett Station property.
Safety & SecurityThe safety of our customers and employees is a priority for us. We must all work together to ensure the safety of our community.

Tyler gets me and my concept and doesn’t waste my time looking at locations that he knows aren’t right for me. His thorough knowledge of the geographic area helps me pinpoint the track of future locations.
Tyler has executed relentlessly on the needs of our brands in the NY/NJ/CT Market and our growth over the past nearly 10 years. His knowledge of the market and our requirements is deep and an invaluable asset.
Elisha TwymanDirector of Real Estate
I chose Tyler to broker the expansion of my health clubs after he was recommended to me. He took the time to understand our operations and our vision. We were patiently taken to countless sites and provided valuable competitive and town stats. I highly recommend his talents.
We have been working with Tyler Bennett for just about 10 years and have had wonderful success in finding and securing sites in both central NJ and state Island for our growing company. it's been a wonderful and productive relationship!
Laura ButricoPresident of Rawson Foods
Have no fear as Bill Howard is "The Go-To Guy" to assist you with your realty goals. This was my second 1031 exchange and in the first meeting with Bill, he quickly understood my needs. The numbers were always on the money from the beginning and Bill was always available to take my calls at all times of the day. Quite refreshing from the normal broker experience. My biggest bonus was the low cost and the big return on my money.

Coin Stomper News - We know Crypto.
Username or Email Address *
Lost Your Password?
Email Address *
Confirm Password *
I agree to terms & conditions.
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Username or Email Address
| Sign Up
The Sandbox (SAND)
Origin Protocol (OGN)
Do you know of a coin/token that you think CoinStomper.Com should review? Send us a request for your favorite coin and we would love to take a look! CoinStomper.Com does not do paid reviews/promotions, we give our honest opinion so send us your top coins to review!
Additional Information (optional)
What's the reason you want us to review this coin/token? (optional)
Our guides to the crypto-verse. More will be added as we grow 🙂

Inspiring and building a strong community through music is the core of everything we do. The Columbus Symphony takes its responsibility for our role in the community seriously, and we are committed to be the "National exemplar of a vibrant dynamic orchestra."
Since 1951, the Columbus Symphony has been proud to serve as a cultural cornerstone in central Ohio. We directly serve over 175,000 central Ohioans each season through 200+ performances and programs, with a broader audience of over two million reached through broadcasts, online media, and more. Our musicians, conductors, chorus, youth orchestras, and world-renowned guest artists enrich the lives of local residents through unforgettable musical performances. This community is our stage and is home to our musicians who live, teach, and raise families in central Ohio.
Guided by the artistic vision of Music Director Rossen Milanov, the Columbus Symphony offers diverse programming in Masterworks, Pops, Specials, and Education and Community Engagement.
In the 2021-2022 season, the Columbus Symphony is unveiling a new initiative that outlines a bolstered commitment of extraordinary service to our community through a three-year campaign called "We are here for you.” In a pivotally important time for our orchestra and our community, we believe in making musical opportunities accessible and meaningful.

During half term the show I have been planning all year will be on here in Norwich #FAV18 a small group show by some incredible women. The show comes at parenting and mental health in a very forward approach, this year we have focused on maternal and children’s mental health and the intricacy of this is powerfully represented. Alongside the show is a set of family art workshops and Practitioners seminars, including a The psychology of Domestic abuse and a service user experience seminar.
First up 1stOctober is Anti-Bullying Day, bullying at school, work or from a narcissist has a huge impact on a persons wellbeing and can be a stepping stone to different mental health struggles. I have been a bully, a narcs flying monkey, I was bullied at various schools, older boys than girls my age. In our house, we pick apart bullying behaviour and wonder in what way that person is hurting, and discuss how what they are doing is shitty and how to avoid it or not engage. Finding ways to bolster self-esteem, and not let the bullies words be a script for your inner dialogue. Bullying can be incredibly powerful if your family culture has no emotional vocabulary which is where I was until about 3 years ago.
Emotional Intelligence Month & Dyslexia Month share October. which I find beautiful because I was bullied by my first school teachers getting called “slow coach” and “lazy bones” when age 7. Many schools later, in uni, I had full dyslexia diagnostic, turns out, I have a really poor working memory. I was stunned when asked to read a few short paragraphs and asked questions after each, how little I had retained. One of the fun bits is writing back to front when typing and writing I’ll start a word with its last letter first. or sometimes I swap the first and last letters around and don’t even notice.
Before Dynoboy was born reading occasionally to my siblings was fine, reading out loud at school filled me with dread, sweaty palms and racing pulse, unable to make sense of the word “the” it was uncomfortable for everyone when a temp teacher asked me to read aloud. However, Dynoboy loved books, as soon as he could sit up on his own he was all over them. Enjoying the interaction of being read to. The local libraries are brilliant in Norfolk, it’s there that I got over my inability to read aloud. The repetitive nature of young childrens needs meant I could read some with my eyes closed and did. There did hit a point years later when he learnt to be patient and kind, exhausted bedtime stories with smaller text and longer chapters, that sneaky word THE knotting my tongue again.
In those times I wouldn’t have been able to describe how it felt or why reading to and with loved ones was important. There was very little emotional intelligence radiating from the adults around me growing up. Difficult things where discussed by what someone had done to you, not how it or they made you feel. Events and scripts where verbalised but never emotions. WHICH is really scary come to think about it. so glad I escaped that nightmare!
31st HALOWEEEEEEN! Halloween is like Christmas for me and my siblings, we get more excited and the house is more decorated, we do more things together than we do any other time of year. My theory on why it turned out this way is pretty dark. If I feel up to it I’ll make a video telling a spooky story about a creepy little family that found happy in the strangest places. #ThisIsHalloween most likely in my insta stories. @findingavoice

Existing literature indicates that there is some connection between personality and both academic and work-related performance. The author's intent for the research described herein is to explore this connection for students majoring in actuarial mathematics with regard to their performance on actuarial certification exams. Specifically, using the five-factor model of personality, the author seeks to predict the number of attempts required to pass the first two exams in the process (Exam 1/P - probability; Exam 2/FM - financial mathematics) using measures of the five dimensions of the five-factor model (openness to experience, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness, and emotional stability) through regression analysis. The author also examined the same variables’ effect on a binary passing indicator. The sample consists of 100 actuarial mathematics majors at three universities in southern New England. Although the results are not conclusive, it appears that conscientiousness correlates positively with performance and neuroticism correlates negatively with performance. In the future, the author suggests research with a larger sample size and an examination of non-linear relationships.
Recommended CitationCiaffone, Matthew, "A Multiple Regression Analysis of Personality’s Impact on Actuarial Exam Performance" (2011). Honors Projects in Mathematics. Paper 6.

Deep Space Claw
Kill the Spare
Ratings/Warnings: 1-2nd years (Does fluff count? )
A/N: I think this is sweet; it shows a young Granger-Weasley Family. (Used: Romione/LET'S READ)
“Ron! Can you read Rosie her bedtime story tonight?” Hermione called up the stairs, sitting at her desk, papers surrounding her.
“Which one?” He called back as Rose ran down the hall to jump in bed. At four years old, she was the cutest thing Ron had ever seen, except for Hugo.
“It doesn’t matter! They’re on Rosie’s shelf!” She shouted, before returning to her work. Ron walked into Rose’s room, surprised to see not only Rose, but also Hugo. They were sitting in Rose’s bed, waiting anxiously for their story. He walked over to Rose’s bookshelf and pulled out a random one. Great, it’s the diseased girl. He smiled and sat on the bed across from his children.
“Are you lot ready?” He asked, pretending to be his older brother. “If the time is inconvenient I can come back,” he asked snobbishly, and watched his children giggle.
“No, Uncle Percy! Read us our story!” Rosie said, and Ron immediately gave into her. He couldn’t remember a time when he hadn’t.
“All right. Once upon a time, there was a girl named Cinderella . . .” he started, wondering how far he would make it before he started comparing it to the stories he heard growing up.
“Are they asleep?” Hermione asked, peeking her head into Rose’s room. Ron was tucking Rosie in while balancing a sleeping Hugo. He was smiling.
“Yeah. I’m glad I didn’t have to read the whole thing, because I can never take the endings seriously,” he admitted, handing Hugo over to his wife.
“They’re fairytales. They’re supposed to be magical and far-fetched. It’s why they love them so much,” she told her husband, kissing him briefly before putting Hugo to bed. She would never tell him she already had her fairytale, and that he was her prince. That would make him laugh. Ron never liked fairytales, whereas she loved them. So she went to her prince, who was just looking at his daughter. She was his weak spot, Hermione knew. They sat there a while, talking quietly, looking at their children. It was the one thing they hadn’t made a mess of. It was perfect, and she slept soundly next to Ron that night, until Hugo had a nightmare at three in the morning.
It was just another day in her fairytale.
Deep Space Claw
Kill the Spare
Title: A Sort Of Life
Ratings/Warnings: 1-2nd years/ Mental disorders and mention of violence
Word Count: 792
A/N: I hope you like this, and the style isn't too peculiar for you. It's been in the works a while, so I hope it makes sense. The candy used was 'Love Life'.
A man, with a scar on his cheek, but I think he was a boy quite recently, and I wonder when that change happened. He’s holding my hand--there’s a scar there too, on the smooth white skin, and his other hand is wrinkled, not like his hand at all, veins bursting from it like roots from the ground, and I continue to stare, unable to look away from his two strange hands.
Slips, one of them, the young one, from my old grip and it brushes a lock of light brown hair behind his ears--he has big ears, that stick out, as do his teeth, but he doesn’t look comical. He reminds me of someone, as if he’s a sculpture modelled on another human being.
Once he fell down, tripping over the tray that brings the meals around daily, but that was when he was small, so very small, and the woman who helped him up is now sitting on the other--what’s the word? I can’t remember the word, but it’s there, dancing, teasing on the tip of my tongue. I used to know it well, and it’s warm and it’s comfy and it’s being in someone else’s arms, and never wanting to leave, but now I can’t remember it. I reach forward to bite it, catch it in my mouth, but my teeth don’t snag on the word but on my tongue and I taste the blood.
Blood. Only a little, but once there was once lots of it. The first time I saw a bloody body was in a fight, and one guy had something, another word not quite in focus, something that’s usually safe, and soft, and brought to the skin every few days by one of the men or women in the lime green robes, with the bones and crossed wands across it.
I used my wand to heal his wounds, the skin sewing itself together, and then I pressed my wand to his temple and made him forget what he had done--how could I have done that? At least I didn’t sew his lips together, which is what someone, don’t know who, or when, sometimes it feels like a year, sometimes it feels like more, has done to me. Each word that passes through the stitches is an escape, blissfully uttered as it flies from the confines of my head, into the real world, but mostly it’s not a word at all, but a half-formed, weak thing, like the echo of a scream.
Scream. So loud, so loud, and I can’t get rid of it, clamp my hands to my ears to stop the noise, to pretend that I’m not helpless, to pretend that her body isn’t flying through the air and I’m not powerless to stop it--
Hands on my wrists, pulling my palm from my ear, and I’m staring into her eyes. I’ve stared into these eyes before, many, many times, in many, many places, and the images flash by, the day we met, she’s my boss, I think, I can’t be sure, but I think her a maverick, and she thinks me a stickler for rules, and we shout at each other, and there’s the red scent of danger, as we save each other’s lives, and then I call her infuriatingly spontaneous--what does that mean? I can’t remember what that means, but it must have meant something, to her, that day, because she kissed me.
I try to say it again, yearning with my eyes, to let her know that I don’t know her name, but I know I love her. She seems to know as well, because she reaches forward, her ears sticking out, her teeth overlarge, and presses her lips to my cheek.
I don’t know where we are, as we cradle each other in our arms. The world seems too bright, and the screaming in my head, her screaming I realise, doesn’t stop, but becomes muted.
One hand is being held again by the once-boy, now man. He’s staring at us. I wonder what he’s doing here. What business he has to stare at us so directly, as if his--what’s it called? That beating, pulsing thing inside your body--as if that might be hurting him, but why should it?
He has nothing to do with us.
Every object I set my eyes on explodes with possibility, uncertainty, memories that I can’t remember whether are lived or imagined, words which fail to frame what I feel in my head, but with this woman I have carved a sort of life from the little that remains to me, and that little that is certain, is the love I feel for her.
Deep Space Claw
Kill the Spare
Candy Heart used: Sweet Home
A/N: I have no idea where this came from, Lily, and it’s probably not what you wanted (especially the end) but I hope you enjoy it nevertheless. It’s loosely based on a song, but I won’t tell you which one or else you might guess who I am
By the way, this was rather brutally cut, so I might expand this in the future.
“Long day?” Hannah Abbott says, placing a Butterbeer in front of Neville.
“You could say that,” he replies, grimacing. He usually doesn’t go to the Leaky Cauldron. Too many people. But he needs a drink—badly. And it’s not as busy as it usually is today, which is a first.
He laughs quietly, and when she frowns at him questioningly, he says, “It’s... nothing. I just—it’s... strange, being asked about my troubles by an old schoolmate.” He hadn’t spoken to Hannah properly since—when was it? Sixth year? And then she left because of her mother.
Hannah turns from him for a second, serving another customer. Then she faces him again. “Well, there's always a first time for everything.”
He doesn’t know why he tells her. He hasn’t told Harry, or Ron, or, Merlin forbid, Hermione, so why should he say anything to Hannah Abbott?
But he does. Neville tells her everything, everything about Luna.
They always had to argue, about petty, tiny things, things that didn't even matter. Of course, it always came down to that. They rowed over who went into the bathroom first. Neville would protest about Luna having showers at the oddest hours while he was trying to sleep. Luna would complain about the strong smell of toast in the kitchen. Neville would try tidying up Luna’s mess. Luna would retaliate by arranging everything even more haphazardly than before.
And all those tiny arguments led to an increasing amount of friction between them, and once Neville’s voice became hoarse from yelling, their bickering was replaced with such a deathly quiet that Neville almost preferred the fights.
“You need to talk to her,” Hannah says finally, putting a glass of Firewhisky in front of him as he finishes speaking. “I don't know Luna that well, but I know most people would like an apology if someone’s shouted at them.”
“But she does it as well,” he says hopelessly. “And what gets at me is that we argue about the most stupid things—”
“Don't give up, Neville. You love her, and anyone can see that. Talk to her. Try to make things work.”
“And if they don't?”
“Just try your best.”
He appears outside the door of the flat they share. Tapping the locks with his wand, the door opens with a creak, and he enters quietly.
“I’m home,” he calls.
She does not reply, and he makes his way through the mess strewn on the floor (the flat is so untidy that he can't even see a square inch of carpet) to the living room, trying not to step on anything, which is not an easy feat. She is sitting at the desk, piles of parchment covering every available surface, including the stools and chairs and the arms of the sofa. When he comes in, she does not even acknowledge his presence. She seems so wrapped up in her work that she probably can't even hear him.
“Neville,” she replies quietly, looking up for a millisecond before returning to whatever she’s writing.
Neville stands there, in the mess, waiting for her to say something further. But she does not, and the only sound he hears is the annoying scratch of her quill. The silence stretches on, slowly filling with terseness, and the angry words they had exchanged earlier on in the day simply serve to distance them from one another further.
“Is there a reason why you’ve been standing there for the last five minutes staring at me?” Luna says abruptly now, her eyes still fixed on what she’s writing.
“Aren't we going to even talk about—”
“What’s the point?”
And Neville realises that Luna is right. There is no point of discussing it. It would only add fuel to the already blazing fire.
“But... Luna, we can't go on like this.”
“Like what?” she demands, and this time, she looks up and meets his eyes.
“All we seem to do is argue.”
“No we don’t.”
“Yes we do.”
“All couples argue—”
“Look, you’re doing it now!” Neville points out, and the anger flares up from within him. The fatigue he feels from a long day at Auror training does not help. “Everything I say, you have to disagree with it. We do it all the time. You’re damn near impossible to live with. Yes, I know you think the same about me,” he adds as she opens her mouth to speak. “You—we’re like chalk and cheese, Luna. We don't work together. I love you, damn it, but I just don't think it’s working!”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m saying...” he pauses. What is he saying? What about what Hannah said? “I’m saying that... maybe, maybe we need to take a... break.”
Deep Space Claw
Kill the Spare
Rating/Warnings: 1st/2nd Years — None
Author’s Notes: Oh, the days when Snape was young, innocent, and cared about others more than himself. :/
Severus scanned the area heavily, making sure that Petunia was nowhere in sight. Where Lily was good and wonderful, Petunia was the complete opposite, and he wanted nothing to do with the latter. It was difficult to find time to spend with Lily, so he didn’t want to waste a second squabbling with her surly older sister.
She was on a swing, one of her favourite places in the playground. The day was unseasonably warm for May, so the children who normally gathered in the area were inside, hiding from the heat with their lemonade. It was, because of this, a perfect day for a bit of magic. After he had told her of the laws regarding underage magic, it had taken some doing to convince Lily that she wouldn’t get in trouble for a little bit of minor spell-casting.
He desperately wanted to run to her and announce his presence, but it was not going to improve her confidence in him as a tutor. Instead, he strode from the bushes behind which he had been hiding after arranging his ill-fitting clothing to be as presentable as possible. She saw him fairly quickly and waved animatedly mid-swing.
“Sev, look what I can do!” Lily shouted.
Before Severus could ask what she was going to do, Lily launched herself from the swing when it was at the highest point of its arc. She had done this before with stunning success, but this time was different. He knew her and cared about whether she landed safely. However, she was not done. The muscles in his stomach tightened with worry as she turned head over heels mid-air.
His fears were quelled when she landed on her feet, albeit awkwardly, and bowed dramatically. Her jubilant smile of triumph made him run the rest of the distance, even though he stopped short and asked dully, “Are you all right?”
“I can fly, Sev!” she said, whipping her arms wide as if to show she had wings. “How could I not be fine?”
Though his brain screamed the thousand ways she could’ve been injured, Severus nodded in approval. “Your control is strong. You will be the best witch in the world with a wand and some training.”
“I hope so,” she replied, a slight wobble in her voice. “What if I’m too Muggle? What if my magic isn’t as good as everyone else’s because my parents aren’t witch and wizard?”
Something inside of Severus froze. He knew many things that she didn’t about the acceptance of Muggle-borns in the wizard world, but he almost didn’t have the heart to tell her. Instead, he plucked a twig laden with blossoms from a nearby cherry tree and placed it in her hands. She looked at him with curiosity, but he gestured toward the tiny branch.
“Visualise the cherries. Will them into existence. Don’t let it take no for an answer.”
Nodding solemnly, Lily squeezed her eyes shut and began murmuring quietly to herself. At first, a few of the blooms shrivelled and fell dead into the grass. Severus was glad Lily couldn’t see them, especially when, after half of the flowers had failed, the remaining ones began to develop into tiny green teardrops and finally into rich, plump-looking cherries. He swept the wilted ones away from them with his hand before saying, “Open your eyes.”
Lily looked down at her hands in wonder. “I . . . I did it. I did it!” With a squeak of delight, she dropped the branch in the grass and wrapped her arms around him. Severus was unprepared for her embrace, but as he acclimated to this unaccustomed contact, he hoped that she never lost that spark.

Online business administration degrees can be quite lucrative for those seeking a top job and a lasting career. Professionals trained in business administration learn how to use management, financial, marketing, and entrepreneurial skills to effectively manage a business. Whereas administrative degrees and accounting degrees may be mutually exclusive, an online business administration degree covers important administrative and accounting curriculum, while also incorporating economics and leadership, skills.
Business administration degrees, especially MBAs, are increasingly attractive to employers in various fields. Top executives, chief executives, operations managers, and general managers, for example, are typically educated in advanced business administration. This skill set can be applied to a wide variety of professional environments, from small non-profit organizations to Fortune 500 companies. While online undergraduate degrees are designed to provide a comprehensive basic foundation, many advanced degrees in business administration encourage students to take on a specialty area, such as finance, corporate, or supply-chain management.
Minimum requirements vary in this discipline, however most top executive jobs require a master’s degree, or an online MBA. Completing an online business administration program demonstrates to employers that the student has exceptional education and training in business and finance fundamentals. Depending on the hiring institution, students with additional expertise in public administration, the law, liberal arts, or social services, may find enhanced job opportunities in the public sector.
Graduates of an online business administration degree program may put their skills to good use in a variety of careers. Business administration professionals may be eligible to move into managerial positions for financial organizations, marketing /advertising firms, and human resources departments, among many others. An advanced career as a CEO, CFO, or other top executive typically requires a minimum of a graduate degree in business administration or a related field.

Can't track down your favorite boots?
Converse boots have been discontinued. But never fear! We’ve put together some recommendations for you.
We've made it easy by listing the old favorites next to our new recommended styles. These boots will still fit great, look great and have the same features you have come to depend on.

Last post on Nov 27, 2007 at 5:02 AM
You are in the Prices Paid & Leasing Experiences Archive
What is this discussion about?
Suzuki XL-7, SUV
#11 of 30 Re: Lease question [dashbb]
by kyfdx HOST
Feb 09, 2007 (12:59 pm)
It sounds like a balloon note.. It should be similar to the SmartBuy program, but the details could differ..
You'll want to look at the contract for details on turning the car back in, possible end of contract charges, etc...
Usually, they push balloon notes in states where the tax laws make leasing disadvantageous... Where do you live?
#12 of 30 Re: Lease question [kyfdx]
Feb 09, 2007 (11:31 pm)
You're probably right. I live in Illinois where we're required to pay full sales tax on the entire purchase price (Cap Cost) and not on the difference (Cap Cost - Residual); neither a percentage of monthly payment.
Unless you have a business tax deduction, it does not make much sense to lease in Illinois.
#13 of 30 Re: Lease question [dashbb]
by kyfdx HOST
Feb 10, 2007 (2:35 pm)
I agree... a balloon note or a straight finance is the best way to go...
Unless there is some kind of promotion, you'll usually do better with a straight purchase.. The interest rates on balloon notes is usually fairly high.
#14 of 30 Has anyone purchased a XL-7 lately?
Aug 09, 2007 (3:26 pm)
Tell us about your deal!
#15 of 30 Re: Has anyone purchased a XL-7 lately? [seloo]
Sep 05, 2007 (9:24 am)
Has anyone purchased this car?
#16 of 30 I bought one last week...
Nov 07, 2007 (7:02 am)
I bought a 2007 Suzuki XL7 Luxury AWD with Sunroof on Oct. 30 for my wife, from Prestige Suzuki in Asheville NC. I got if for $22,900 - $1,000 Owners loyalty - Trade in. Thats around $4,700 under MSRP not including the owners loyalty plus they gave me a bit more than KBB value for my trade. To follow the forum rules I cant post the salesman name but if someone wants it, let me know. I have a dealer 10 minutes away from me and I prefered to do business with Prestige wich although is 5 hours away they delivered and took the trade in. My wife loves her new XL7, powerful engine, nice comfy leather seats, sunroof, AWD and all the safety features it includes plus the 7yr/100k warranty. I want to thank all the automotive reporter that negatively criticized this vehicle, without them I would have never gotten it at this price. I paid $22,500 for my base Explorer 11 years ago!!! I am a car enthusiast and I really recomend this SUV for the money.
Edit: I financed with my credit union, no weird balloon financing contracts here.
#17 of 30 Re: I bought one last week... [goaterguy]
Nov 07, 2007 (5:19 pm)
Congrats on your purchase, please break down the deal:
Rebates: (The web site shows $3500 in rebates for a 07)
Extra fees (doc fee, prep, etc...):
Price Paid before TTL:
#18 of 30 Re: I bought one last week...
Nov 08, 2007 (6:35 am)
MRSP: $26,999 + 650 freight = $27,649 (you can get this price from Suzukiauto.com)
Invoice Price: $26,569
Rebates: $2,500 cash - $1,000 owners loyalty -2,249 negotiated discount (Actually the web site shows $2,750 + 1,000 owners loyalty in rebates for a 07 in November)
Extra fees (doc fee, prep, etc...): $169
Price Paid before TTL: $21,900 + $169 - Trade
Hope this helps. Like I said maybe November will get you $250 more because of the rebates. If you want the name of the salesman give me an email address.
#19 of 30 Re: I bought one last week... [goaterguy]
Nov 08, 2007 (10:49 am)
Please reconfirm the option package.
This is what Edmunds shows for a 07 AWD Luxury:
(I could not find 07 prices on the web site)
07 MSRP: 26,849 with shipping
$26,849 - 22,069 = $4780 ($3500 in rebates and $1280 discount)
Roughly, $3780 below invoice.
Do you have a copy of the car's window sticker and invoice from the dealer?
#20 of 30 Re: I bought one last week... [seloo]
Nov 08, 2007 (11:17 am)
You forgot to add the Sunroof which is an $800 option.
It is a Luxury 5 seat AWD WITH Sunroof.
I do have a copy of the invoice and the window sticker but they are at home.
It still $26,849 + 800 = 27,649 - 21,900 = 5,749 (3,500 in rebates and $2,249 discount)+ 169 paperwork
$4,669 below invoice.
I am not including the paperwork as part of the MSRP, if you do, you will have to add it to the $27,649.

Tom Ford Sunglasses $124 Shipped
Sorry, this deal is expired.
Through 2/14, get these Tom Ford Sunglasses for $123.50 after coupon code BradTF5. Even better shipping is free! This is $226 off the retail price and is the lowest price we could find by $55. This deal applies to smoke, smoke gradient, and brown lenses. There is no sales tax (except CO and NY). (Instructions »)

Skin Balancing Freshener
NV skin Skin Balancing Freshener is enhanced with Super Blue
Green Algae, WGP Beta Glucan, and Vitamins A, C, & E to provide
the perfect tonic for normal to oily skin.
The perfect partner to our facial cleansers, this sea mineral rich
formula contains vital nutrients and amino acids to replenish and
nourish after cleansing. This soothing alcohol free freshener contains
organic apple cider to naturally and safely re-balance the skin's
delicate pH and it makes a great wake-up call for tired, stressed
out skin. Formulated with a multi-vitamin complex and aloe vera
gel, NV Skin Balancing Freshener conditions, repairs, and
defends against harsh environmental factors.
NV skin products include NO animal ingredients and involved
NO animal testing. We care about the rest of the natural world as
much as we care about your skin.
Use morning and evening, after cleansing, to protect your skin and
to restore its moisture barrier. Pour a small amount into your cupped
palm and pat gently onto your face and neck. Follow with our Vital
Moisture Face Crème.

Sign up now!
AventuraBoca RatonBonita SpringsBoynton BeachBrooksvilleCoconut CreekCoral GablesDavieDeerfield BchDelray BeachFort LauderdaleFt LauderdaleGainesvilleHollywoodMiamiNaplesParklandPlantationSarasotaWeston
Positive Person, always on never off. Love to laugh and enjoy a good joke. I work very hard and not looking to retire anytime soon. Lov...
jazzie47 is a 65yr-old single woman in Tamarac, Florida
Copyright © 2010 Spark Networks® USA, LLC. All rights reserved.
Spark Networks USA, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Spark Networks, Inc., a NYSE Amex Company (LOV).
Spark Networks USA, LLC DOES NOT CONDUCT BACKGROUND CHECKS ON THE MEMBERS OR SUBSCRIBERS OF THIS WEBSITE.

Flacco begins post-Super Bowl whirlwind
Baltimore Ravens QB named Super Bowl MVP
Welcome to celebrity status, Joe Flacco.
He's going to Disney World on Monday. And then to New York for an appearance on "The David Letterman Show" before taking part in the Ravens' Super Bowl victory parade Tuesday morning.
When the whirlwind tour stops, he might have enough time to realize what he just accomplished.
"I got about an hour and a half sleep," Flacco said at a press conference at the New Orleans Convention Center 10 hours after he walked off the Superdome turf. "No it hasn't sunk in. It's just a surreal moment. Hopefully in about a week, we can start to wind down and enjoy it."
The even-tempered Flacco denied surprise that he was the Super Bowl MVP.
"I was surprised I got a car," he said of the 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray.
Flacco, in his fifth season, was presented the Pete Rozelle Trophy as the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl XLVII by commissioner Roger Goodell Monday morning, passing for three touchdowns in the first half as Baltimore built a 21-3 lead in the second quarter.
"It was a dinner we had at a place called Tark's in Baltimore," coach John Harbaugh said of the moment he decided to draft Flacco. "Joe impressed me as a guy who was determined and had a lot to prove. Joe has come up the hard way. ... I just felt like he was a guy who'd do whatever it took to overcome whatever came. And that's proven to be true.
"I think he'll be the same way with his success."
Flacco finished the 2012 playoffs with 11 touchdown passes, tying Joe Montana (1989) and Kurt Warner (2008) for the most by any player in a single postseason.
"I don't think we ever lost faith this is where we were going to be," Flacco said. "This is where we envisioned ourselves."
Management for the Ravens, from owner Steve Biscotti to general manager Ozzie Newsome, calmly insisted in the weeklong buildup to Sunday's game that the contract wouldn't be an issue. If the two sides continue at an impasse in negotiations, Flacco would be retained using the franchise tag. The exact figures for franchise players at every position aren't known until March just before free agency, but the exclusive franchise marker for quarterbacks is projected at $20 million.
"I'm pretty optimistic," Flacco said. "But who knows, there's all types of crazy things that could happen with these things. This is a great organization, great city and I look forward to being here."
Biscotti said he will "trust in Ozzie" that a deal will get done but also pointed out that Peyton Manning was twice given the franchise tag at a similar, salary-cap eating value from the Colts when negotiations didn't lead to a long-term deal.
"Me and Steve have had some good talks over the past few months," Flacco said.
Flacco, who typically avoids the spotlight and the celebrity of being an NFL quarterback, and his wife have a young son. They found out two weeks ago that they are expecting a second child. He said he's still the same guy he was before hoisting the Lombardi Trophy, and looks forward to getting back to normalcy.
He does understand that won't happen any time soon, a realization that hit him in the early morning hours when he finally hit the pillow in an exhausted state but couldn't close his eyes.
"I went to spend some time with the family," Flacco said. "I went to the postgame party. I got to meet Jay-Z and Beyonce ... that was pretty cool, I don't think that would've happened if we had lost the game."
Distributed by Internet Broadcasting and The Sports Xchange. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

Hey guys thought i would post an update on my cabled aran jacket.
Sleeve one is done just about 1/4 way through second sleeve. Then just got to sew it together, do neck and fasten zip onto it.
The tennis elbow is BACK. With a vengeance. Clearly, I'm going to need to take a break from knitting. Sigh. For those of you who have had this and had to cut back - did you survive?

500 Greatest Songs of All Time
Chubby Checker, 'The Twist'
Writer: Hank Ballard
Producer: Karl Mann
Released: Aug. '60, Parkway
39 weeks; No. 1
"The Twist" began as a B side for Ballard and the Midnighters in 1958. But in 1960, former chicken plucker Checker covered it at Dick Clark's suggestion. "Going crazy is what I was looking for — where the music is so good you lose control," Checker said. " 'The Twist' did that."
Appears on: Greatest Hits (Prime Cuts)
blog comments powered by Disqus

POINT PLEASANT, W.Va. — Located just outside this small town is a tourist attraction that evokes memories of days gone by.
The West Virginia State Farm Museum is “dedicated to the preservation of our farm life heritage,” according to the museum’s slogan. Many pieces of farm history — including homes of some of the state’s early residents — are on display there.
Walden Roush founded the farm museum, which is operated by volunteers, in 1976. A former educator, he believed it was necessary to preserve farm life heritage. According to Lloyd Akers, museum director, “Mason County was a huge agricultural community, but the family farm has been declining since the 1970s.”
There are approximately 33 separate buildings that make up the state farm museum. The first museum building, the “Green Building,” houses old artifacts, corn planters and saddles. Also within that structure are Amish stage coaches from the 1970s, a cider press circa 1900, motor plows circa 1940 and an array of other farm memorabilia.
Another building houses a blacksmith shop, formerly owned by Tim Harper. This was transported to the museum in the 1970s. Harper operated the shop in St. Albans near the Coal River. Akers said he remembers visiting that shop as a boy.
The home of George Summers also is part of the museum. According to family tradition, Summers, who was elected to the Virginia Legislature in 1830 and to Congress in 1841, was asked by President Abraham Lincoln to be his running mate when he ran for his second term as president, but Summers declined because of his wife’s illness. The house is divided into two types of construction: half is log and half is plank.
The Mission Ridge One Room School, built in 1870, is another feature at the museum. It is one of the first school houses built after West Virginia gained statehood.
In 1984, a rustic loom house was constructed at the site by the Jeffers Brothers of Southside, W.Va. Several types of looms are on display inside the house. Most of the rugs available for purchase in the Country Store were crafted in the Loom House by volunteers.
The carpenter’s shop played an important role in the late 1800s, and a replica of such a shop exists at the museum. Another feature with a local twist is the Allen Log Cabin, constructed circa 1830 by John Allen and his son William.
Originally located near Proctor, it was last used in the late 1970s. A great deal of effort went into restoring the house to its original state after being disassembled and brought to the museum, Akers said. A spinning wheel and two large hand looms dating back to the 19th century are on display in the house.
The barn of General the horse, one of the world’s largest horses, can be found at the farm museum. John Greene of Milton, W.Va., turned General over to the farm in 1977.
When he was young, General pulled wagons through parades across the country and participated in many shows. According to the Guinness Book of World Records, General, at 2,850 pounds, was the third heaviest horse ever.
He also tied for third place as the tallest horse ever at 6 feet, 6 inches. He was also the largest horse to ever have been mounted. General died on Dec. 17, 1982.
Also on the grounds is a replica of the first Lutheran Church west of the Allegheny Mountains. A group of Lutherans from the Shenandoah Valley moved to New Haven, W.Va., around 1800.
This group organized a congregation in 1806 and originally met in homes. They then met in Daniel Roush’s barn. Roush donated land in 1815 and the old Log Church was built.
At this time, there was a threat of Indian raids, so women and children sat upstairs while men sat downstairs. There was a gun rack where men would store their rifles prior to the service.
Along with a doctor’s office, the newspaper office is a popular attraction for the museum.
Editor George W. Trippett began printing the Point Pleasant Register on March 6, 1882, and continued doing so for 40 years.
Now, the office stands on the grounds of the museum.
An antique barber and beauty shop, post office, veterinary office and military exhibit are also on the grounds. The military display is expanding to honor all those who served to keep America free.
Akers said the museum allows people to “see what their grandparents went through to get where we are today.”
A cow, pig, four donkeys, two horse and two goats are kept at the museum. Many old tractors are on display near the entrance.
For the children, a small playground has been installed to keep them entertained.
The museum is open from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m., Tuesday through Saturday, and from 1 until 5 p.m. on Sunday. It closes for the season on Nov. 15.
Janice, one of two horses, greets visitors to the museum.

First get him to a vet for a drug called simplicef, and possibly allergy testing, then give him Probiotic pearls with his dinner, and mega red krill oil, one a day. Bath him every three days to get the allergens off his skin and coat with sulfadene medicated shampoo. Feed him a grain free high quality dog food such as Kirkland Natures Domain from Costco, or happydogfood that I order online, which is a grain free mix that you add meat to, I mix it with boiling water to slightly cook the hamburger after I mix it. Nuvet is also something to look into.
Oh my! That poor dobby needs a good loving home that he can be bathed inside & petted.
It breaks my heart to hear of humans treating animals like this! Some should just not have Pets & Children when they don't know how or worse... care not to tend to them properly!
My girl Mysteria is by far the hairiest dog I have had in my over 1/2 century of life. Thankfully she loves to be vacuumed, comb, brushed, bathed, blow dried & loved.
She is bathed in the same tub I bathe in & ONLY bathed outside during the Summer. Heck, she is cleaner than many people & Children I have came in contact with. Sly
Your dog has such bad skin that you don't want to pet him but you can't be bothered giving the dog a bath inside??? Then you're certain the shampoo your vet gave you won't be any good? How do you know this???
If you think you hired a good vet; follow their instructions! If not; it is your responsibility to find a good vet for that dog!
Since you're so certain the shampoo won't help; why did you buy it from the vet??? Why didn;t you demand the vet do something more to investigate the problem??
All the suggestions are possibly helpful but you have an animal that is SUFFERING!!! Your dog isn't mildly irritated as described in the responses.
It is your responsibility to get that animal the medical care it needs. To do anything less is animal cruelty and prosecutable in most areas.
You need to find a good vet and get that dog there yesterday!
My German Shepherd had that problem and the vet gave her an injection for allergy. He also told me to feed her only lamb & rice dry dog food and nothing from the table or any treats except lamb and rice treats. He gave me some pills to keep at home in case of a flare-up, and she got an injection about once a year. The injections stopped the itch completely, the food kept her under control for the most part, and if the itching started I gave her a pill. This worked for her and I was very careful not to bathe her too often. When I did bathe her, I used special shampoo for this type of condition. Good luck!
I would change his food, we have a mini pin plus chihuahuas and pins are know for skin problems, we feed Eukanuba since they were puppies and never had any problems and we have never add a thing to their food. Yes its expensive but its worth it in the long run. The stools are also small, no skin problems, save money by not having to add anything to their diet. A good shampoo to start with will help with the problem now, we use the kind the vet sells.
there was a note on a site I went to last night that said animals that have this problem and ear infections,allergies..etc it is a result of the dry dog food and they should eat more of a raw diet
like veggies and fruit and a little bit of raw meat (like a soup bone)
My husband has had Dobermans for most of his life, and offers the following suggestions:
Dobermans should only be bathed once every three months. When you do bathe your dog, use a prescription-grade shampoo from your vet. Adding some olive oil to dry food will help, as well. If the dog is thinner than average, there may be a thyroid problem as well.
Lori in Florida
Thank you for the information. I have had him to the vet vet gave me some medicated shampoo. I don't think it's much good. I cannot bath him yet the weather here is too cold. I brush him regular & de flea him, worm him monthly. I have changed his food so many times. He is now on burgeess.
I am so sad for him I think thats why i we cannot stroke him. It's like white skin. I don't know.
Poor thing! My Basset Hound has the same problem. My vet recommended adding a tablespoon of vegetable oil to his dry dog food once a day and treating him to some scrambled eggs once a week. Perhaps this is something that could be aided with making this simple adjustment to his diet. My dog can't wait for those eggs to cool down enough to eat them! But, as others have said, it's hard to say exactly what is causing the issue without seeing your own vet.
The poor little sweetie! ...They sell this stuff (for humans) called "SCALPICIN"... It comes in a liquid form (& sometimes in a spray bottle) They sell 2 kinds, You want the kind that has hydrocortisone in it... (the other kind has Salicylic acid, & I use it for dandruff)... The SCALPICIN is made for people that have dermatitis or psoriasis. It REALLY HELPS stops itching & it promotes healing too.
A second choice: They sell Benadryl (for itching) in a spray bottle... Just look in the pharmacy area when they sell stuff for sunburn & poison ivy... *If his itching is caused by an allergy, then the Benadryl spray would be my first choice, but if you don't know what's causing it, I'd try with the SCALPICIN first. They also sell many sprays made for sunburn that will numb the area which will stop the itching, but they won't help heal the area like the Scalpicin will...
* One last thing, If you are bathing him & aren't TOTALLY removing the soap from his skin, this might be the problem? To solve this, simply add about a quarter cup of white vinegar or lemon juice to a gallon of water & pour this over him after you've washed & rinsed him... Then after the vinegar or lemon juice rinse had been rubbed around & let set for about a minute, then rinse him again with plain water...
This itching might also be caused by a food allergy, that's what's happening to my daughters cat... & her poor cat has several open sores & is also loosing fur (from the food allergy)... If you have the money, a vet visit might be the way to go... They gave my daughter's cat a cortisone-like shot & that really helped her!
Something is bothering him and he seems quite uncomfortable. He needs to go to his veterinarian -- they'll be able to determine the cause and suggest the course of treatment.
Have you tried giving her/him a bath with moisturizing soap? You may need to visit the Vet to check for a skin/yeast infection.
Add your voice to the conversation. Click here to answer this question.

"Down at Banjo Bore you'll find me sittin'
With a friend who plays the country-style guitar
We'll sing some Charley Pride and share a bottle
When the doors are closed at the Kimberley Hotel Bar
There are many of my people who are sufferin'
Like me beneath the trees at Banjo Bore" - Kevin Gunn, Down By Banjo Bore
The suffering of Australia's indigenous peoples is manifold and runs deep in the traditions of Aboriginal country music - traditions that have been largely hidden and ignored in mainstream musical history. Hence the title of "Buried Country," a trailblazing compilation of Aboriginal country music artists from the 1950s' to the 1990's.
This is an astonishing social document, a testament to the richness and diversity of indigenous country music. Many of the songs have never previously seen the light of day and might have been lost forever were it not for journalist Clinton Walker's painstaking odyssey to document this music with the CD release, its accompanying documentary film and full-color coffee table book.
Walker spent five years traveling Australia, uncovering rare recordings and interviewing Aboriginal artists. The result reveals an abundant generational tradition of bush ballads, stringbands, country-soul, rockabilly, gospel, blues, minstelry and protest music from the outback to the pubs and clubs of inner-city Sydney and Melbourne.
Country music's roots may be in white America, but as a genre it has had a particular resonance for black Australians. For many Aboriginals growing up in remote communities, radio was the only source of music; and in rural Australia, that music was almost exclusively country up to the 1970's.
The Aboriginal songwriters Walker interviewed spoke of their memories of Hank Williams and Jimmie Rodgers crackling through outback transistor radios. Those songs of poverty, struggle, heartache, drinking, prison and loneliness struck a chord for many indigenous musicians.
Stories of hardship, loss, alienation and discrimination emerge from the margins of the songs here. Two tracks from Vic Simms' 1977 album "The Loner," recorded live while he was an inmate in the infamous maximum-security Bathurst Jail, are extraordinary prison songs. The buoyant arrangements and horn sections do not dilute the acid bite of Simms' lyrics: "If you're brown, stick round/If you're white, it's alright/ And if you're black, you get back/Into the shadows."The tragedy of the "stolen generation" - Aboriginal children who were forcibly removed from their families as part of Australia's shameful assimilation policies - is articulated with great potency in songs like Bob Randall's "Brown Skin Baby," which predates Archie Roach's "Took The Children Away" (also included) by almost two decades. Walker describes the song as "the flower in a corner of the dustbin of history" and its power as a lament, with Randall's mournful yodels and deeply affecting lyrics, is undiminished today.
Yet, there is joy in these songs, too. Dougie Young's "Cut A Rug" raucously documents a drinking and dancing spree - no matter that the participants ended up "in the clink" (prison); Tiddas' "In My Kitchen" is an ode to friendship's creature comforts, sung in gorgeous three-part gospel harmonies; and Wilma Reading gets sultry and sexy in the jazz-calypso number "That's How I Go For You."
Australia's best-known Aboriginal singer, Jimmy Little, recently enjoyed a career renaissance, and two of his hits are included. Also featured is former world boxing title-holder Lionel Rose, who recorded two country albums after his retirement from the ring in 1970. The title cut from his autobiographical concept album,"Jackson's Track," is a terrific country raveup, a love song to a country town by a homesick city boy with rollicking fiddle and pedal steel backing.
"Buried Country" is a release of enormous scope and integrity; most importantly, it's consistently great listening

This is Kelz’s first release of 2013, hence he has re-enforced his promise to release nothing but quality and music that anyone with a dream can relate to. “Inhale” (Prod. By BPM) is used to create a vivid painting of his musical journey so far, both good and bad.
The video is followed by a short preview of his next single entitled “Zeus” (Prod. By DymonRed) featuring Lady Leshurr, which is due to be released as part of “The Black Kupid EP 2″.
An exclusive live session with Lucy Spraggan and Kelz TBK
Rihanna “Diamonds” Remix Featuring Kelz TBK and Suzy
First single from Kelz’s 2nd EP, entitled “The Black Kupid 2″ to be released in 2013.
Kingdom Come is an exhilarating raw track with Incisive lyrics and an uplifting chorus, a compelling, captivating, convergence of contemporary british Hip-Hop and Drum ‘n’ Bass.

As soon as "Fresh Prince" Will Smith arrived at his buttoned-down private school, he began breaking the rules - starting by flipping his conservative uniform blazer inside out to reveal a funky-fab paisley liner that distinguished him in a sea of prep school blue.
Years later, crisp khakis and starched tartans have migrated from the exclusive uniform of private academies to fill public school hallways. And like Smith before them, students are looking for ways to stand out and punch up their school standard issues.
This fall, trendy wedge shoes, colorful tights and versatile scarves pair with a growing body of style-conscious uniform designs to let girls express themselves while sticking to school dress codes.
Boys, meanwhile, can play around with different belt designs and layering - slipping a short sleeved polo shirt over a button down, for instance - to add a unique twist to conservative duds.
Uniform-inspired style is a design favorite that frequently pops up on runways: Veronique Branquinho's Fall 2008 line, for example, features V-neck, drop-waist nylon dresses paired with turtlenecks and faux leather leggings in an edgy ode to school girls.
About 14 percent of school principals surveyed by the National Center for Education Statistics reported that their students wore uniforms in the 2005-06 school year. Those who push for the requirement are more interested in student performance than style, and argue students who aren't busy comparing designer labels are more likely to get higher marks.
It's not all bad news for the fashion-conscious student though, according to Larry Plitnick, executive vice president of sales at L.T. Apparel. Their French Toast brand is a go-to label for uniforms.
Gone are the one-dimensional uniforms of the past he says, replaced with a widening array of styles as companies respond to a growing market.
"Over the last five years we've started to see more and more creativity come into the uniform business," Plitnick says. "We've been able to be more creative - the customer is definitely buying into it (and) the schools are accepting."
It's translated into flourishes like cell phone pant pockets for boys; the company also is taking a cue from the runways and making pant silhouettes slimmer.
"In jumpers, we're able to put a little buckle treatment and belt treatment - nothing ostentatious but nice looking," says Plitnick, who adds the subtle changes go a long way to making girls' uniforms more feminine and attractive.
Perhaps the biggest change from years past, though, is the array of uniform pieces.
Where in the '90s, options for girls were primarily skirts or jumpers, Plitnick says skorts have taken off as a more comfortable alternative. Now stores are benefiting as parents buy more pieces, and students have more to mix and match, he says.
J.C. Penney's has responded this season with a skimmer uniform pant for girls, a length midway between Bermuda and cropped pants that punches things up, says Karolyn Wangstad, vice president of trend for the department store chain.
For students who want more than a subtle change in buckles or skirt styles though, insiders say the trick is transforming low-key accessories into unique style statements.
"One of the key accessory trends this season is scarves," says Lece Lohr, Tween Brands' co-president of Justice, a chain store that will also sell the Limited Too brand clothing next year.
"The girls are actually coming in and buying two or three," she says. "She can double wrap them, she can knot them - she can really have a lot of fun."
Shoes with wedge heels are replacing ballet flats this fall as a must-have.
"You have to have a new shape, and the wedge really is that shape," Lohr says. "They work with a lot of different silhouettes, they look great with skirts."
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal ©2013. All Rights Reserved.

Below, check out a video featuring the making of DEFIANCE Part IV: Cultures, Makeup & Languages. Get a behind-the-scenes look at what makes up the different races of Defiance which premieres April 2013 on Syfy.
SyFy's new innovative serial drama DEFIANCE, is coming from the minds behind Battlestar Galactica and Farscape. Drifting through a terramorphed American landscape, the mysterious Nolan settles in a border town where aliens and humans fight against the fragility of peace. Tune in weekly as the citizens of Defiance thrive in this hostile world, and see how their struggles impact your war in the high-octane multi-platform MMO shooter from Trion Worlds! Get a sneak peek at the series below!
More Articles by This Author...
DETROIT, GRIMLY HANDSOME Tie for Best New American Play at 2013 Obie Awards - All the Winners!
Seth MacFarlane Will Not Host 2014 OSCARS
Rooney Mara is the Face for New Calvin Klein Scent
BWW Reviews: LEGENDS At 30 Is Still Lots of Fun
iWatch Update: Apple Looking Into 1.5 OLED Screens?
BWW Blog: Leah Edwards - Practice. Perform. Repeat
BWW Reviews: John Cranko's ONEGIN at American Ballet Theatre
VIDEO: Must Watch - Mel Brooks AMERICAN MASTERS on PBS May 20!

Over the course of this Thanksgiving Advent adventure, I’ve talked about a number of things associated with writing, and how they’ve affected my life. I haven’t talked about writing itself, however. So I’d like to focus on that for today, independent of all the trappings, benefits and side effects. Because the fact of the matter is that even if I never became a professional writer, or became a financially successful writer, or even had more people than my immediate circle of friends ever read anything I wrote, I would still write. I would still be a writer.
I would still be a writer for the simple reason that I find the act of writing extremely pleasurable. There is something lovely about sitting down to a blank screen (or blank page, if you want to get old school) and filling it with words. There is likewise a fantastic feeling that comes from taking what are unformed and chaotic thoughts in one’s head and giving them form and structure with words. People often note that ideas and thoughts which seem deep and meaningful inside their head seem banal or pointless when they’re written out, but allow me to suggest the problem is not that that these ideas were reduced when they were translated into words; instead, they were revealed. Your brain lies to you about the awesomeness of your thoughts. Words are the friend that says “Dude. Stop hitting the bong.” On the other hand, if you have a fantastic idea in your head, and it’s still fantastic when you put it into words, you know what? It may in fact be fantastic.
This organizing and structuring that comes through writing comes in handy for me, because it means that I have an outlet to express thoughts I have that run deeper than “I have to take out the trash.” My wife understands this perfectly well; on more than one occasion, after I’ve completely fumbled expressing something to her, she’s said to me “you need to go write that out.” And I do and then I actually have a way to express that idea, so that the next time I try to verbalize it, I have a framework and a method that doesn’t involve increasingly wild hand gestures and the use of the phrase “you know?” every five or six words. Writing makes me a better verbal communicator, funny as that sounds. For which I suspect my wife, who has to live with me, is grateful.
Another reason writing is pleasurable is that I am good at it, and it feels good to do things you are good at. When I was young, I was a good writer — “good” being highly conditional on context, mind you, and I could have benefited from my own list of tips for teenage writers — and especially when you’re young, doing something you know you can do well (and possibly better than almost anyone else you know) means a lot to you and your concept of yourself as a person. You may be goofy or short or socially awkward or pocked with strategically embarrassing zits or whatever — but you can make words do things, things other people can’t, and that’s a hell of a thing when you’re fourteen and you’re trying to find a place in the world and to have it all make some sort of sense.
As I got older another aspect of the joy of writing came to the fore: the enjoyment of the craftsmanship of it, of the appreciation of a turn of phrase, or the right word, or the presentation of a concept just so, that could make an idea pop or turn a sentence from a merely functional string of words conveying meaning into something that stuck into a reader’s brain like a piton driven into a cliff wall. It’s the meta-awareness of a thing you’re doing and how you’re doing it and how it’s working, and the realization of your own competence with it, brought on by a combination of talent, practice and the occasional out of the blue taser jolt of inspiration.
And through all of this is the pleasure of the flow of words that comes when you are caught up in the act of writing, when everything you know about writing and everything you think about it and everything it might have earned you (or that you want it to earn for you) slip off to the side and it’s just you laying out the words, one after the other, into an inevitable sequence. It’s the same thing a musician gets in the middle of an epic jam session, or a painter when the image emerges out of the paint or the actor who has subsumed himself in the moment, no longer thinking about his character because the character is there.
This state of being has been described from a psychological point of view, but conceptualizing it and feeling it are of course two entirely different things. It feels like a gift from the universe to you. And maybe it is. I’m not of the opinion that you have to be good at what you’re doing in order to experience this sort of flow, although it may help. What’s important is that you’re so far into the thing you’re doing that in that moment, everything else doesn’t matter. I’ve gotten this feeling from other things, but where I get it the most is when I’m writing.
It’s a relationship with words, essentially. I have one and it manifests itself through my fingers, usually onto a computer screen but occasionally with pen and paper. It’s a relationship in which I feel defined, in no small part because in the act of writing I have been able to define myself, to myself and to others.
Independent of anything else writing has done for me — and it’s done a lot — this aspect of it has been extraordinarily important to me, and I’m thankful for it, and the pleasure it’s given me. And ultimately it’s why I write, why I keep writing, and why, if everything else that writing ever did for me went away (and it might), I would still do it.

1 - 10 of 55 results by "Kittipong Thongsombat"
Most searched keywords
national downs experts push for skills training | google glass | asean anti-corruption youth camp | nuclear | water and flood | yahoo | yingluck shinawatra | bangkok is world book capital | capital consultants ltd thailand | prime minister
1. news | 21 May 2013
» Three more Asian Tour events will be played in Thailand in the second half of the year.
2. news | 21 May 2013
» Pornanong Phatlum came in second at the Mobile Bay LPGA Classic in Alabama on Sunday for her best finish on the tour.
3. news | 19 May 2013
» As a large number of local fans are fed up with 'farcical' international Muay Thai bouts, former world boxing heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe has promised that his debut in the Kingdom's martial art will be...
4. news | 18 May 2013
» Wichanee Meechai won the third Singha-SAT Thai LPGA Championship at Panya Indra Golf Club yesterday.
5. news | 16 May 2013
» Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat is paired with defending champion Nicolas Colsaerts and Branden Grace in the group stage of the Volvo World Match Play Championship in Bulgaria this week.
6. news | 15 May 2013
» Former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe arrived in Thailand on Monday night for his Muay Thai debut in Pattaya next month.
7. news | 15 May 2013
» The Asian Tour's delay in announcing the schedule for the second half of the year has frustrated its members.
8. news | 14 May 2013
» Thai teenager Ratchanok Intanon's bid to become the world's top badminton player has received a boost with her club Banthongyod getting financial support from Singha Corporation.
9. news | 14 May 2013
» Thailand's golfer Ariya Jutanugarn on Monday rose from No.18 to No.16 in the world rankings and earned an invitation to this week's Mobile Bay Classic.
10. news | 13 May 2013
» CHACHOENGSAO : Veteran Prayad Marksaeng came back from two strokes behind to win the title by a shot after his stunning final-round 62 at the All Thailand Tour's Singha Bangkok Open.

After her mother, father and brother died within five years of one another, Bonnie Raitt put her music aside. The seven years since her last studio album, "Souls Alike," represent the only extended pause in a career that began with her first contracted gig in 1969, when she earned $75 for playing in Philadelphia's Pennypack Park.
She eventually returned to the studio with producer Joe Henry, a singer-songwriter known for his earthy stamp on records by veterans such as Solomon Burke and Bettye LaVette. Four songs from those sessions, elegiac ballads that include two Bob Dylan covers, landed on Ms. Raitt's new album, "Slipstream," due April 10. She rounded out the album with her own productions, many of them designed to stoke the energy of live audiences (a tour begins in May). "Ain't Gonna Let You Go" was hastily rearranged around a fuzzed-out John Lee Hooker riff because it "wasn't sounding tough enough," says Ms. Raitt. Her singing adds an ache to the reggae lilt of Gerry Rafferty's "Right Down the Line."
Credit: Library and Archives, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum
The stardom that came after her "Nick of Time" album swept the 1990 Grammys marks a clear dividing line in her career, but there have been constants in her music. She still cites the influence of the rawboned sound of Mississippi Fred McDowell, Sippie Wallace and other greats whom she first met and performed with as a young woman, a Radcliffe dropout-turned-blues singer. There's also the tangy sound of her familiar slide guitar tone, usually produced by her brown Fender Stratocaster and an old tube amplifier. "Then you just hang your hand on the guitar and it's like having an extension of your voice. You can roar and cry and whisper. It's very versatile and really personal," she says.
Recently Ms. Raitt, 62, spoke about how she chooses songs to record and why the piano is her go-to instrument at home. Below, an edited transcript.
The Wall Street Journal: As you're looking for songs to record, do you have an organizing system?
Ms. Raitt: For the first the 30 years or so, I took all comers. Cassettes, cassettes, cassettes piled in big boxes. I'd take a shoe box full of them in the car. I'd know whether it was something for me by the time we'd get halfway through the first verse or chorus. In all those years I never was able to find or record a song from an unprofessional person sending me a tape. Now, everyone can make a CD and you can't distinguish. The old CD player in the kitchen gets the most use now. Pop 'em in, pop 'em out. It's a lot of research. I ask friends and other people in the same artistic gene pool. My house looks like a hurricane usually for a year before I make a record. I wish I had an assistant that had the same taste, but it's just me.
Did you ever wish songwriting was a bigger part of your identity?
No, it didn't even occur to me. I had higher standards than the stuff I could come up with. When you're starting with Randy [Newman] and Jackson [Browne] and John Prine and Mose Allison, the bar is raised pretty high. I grew up with a dad [Broadway star John Raitt] who sang other people's music, and I loved Aretha and Ray Charles, who were primarily interpreters of other writers. When you find a song that you love, you just have to do it—why would I try to match it? When I wrote more of the songs in the '90s—"Nick of Time" and other songs I was surprised I came up with—it was because nobody else was saying what I wanted to say.
"Down by You" is the only song you co-wrote on the new album. What did you want to say with that?
That was about someone I know, who will remain nameless, who complains all the time. It's so clear to me that people don't take responsibility for the reactions they cause. That can sound like a self-help admonition, but this song was rocking so hard that I had to put something to it that had some bite. My friend Randall Bramblett came up with the second part of the first verse: "Step out on the track in the pouring rain and when you get run over you blame the train."
It would have been more lucrative if you wrote all your own songs.
You got that right. It hasn't bugged me except when I happen to look at how much I have to pay out for publishing. But I'm sure I would have been considered a more significant artist if I was a singer-songwriter. It's just not the way I roll. I love being a curator and a musicologist. People write me letters and thank me for turning them on to Fred McDowell and Sippie Wallace, and that's partly my job this time around.
When you lost your mother, father and brother, was it your instinct to put your grief into music?
The last thing I wanted to do was think of a new project. I wanted to go to a concert and not think about sitting in. I really admire Rosanne [Cash] and others who have been able to write beautiful tribute songs to people they miss. I don't rule that out. But for me I wanted to put that whole agenda aside.
What about privately? Does it comfort you to pick up the guitar?
No. I tend to be freer on the piano. I never took guitar lessons, so my reach exceeds my grasp—what I hear in my head I don't always know how to play. But I love to play over something else. I'm not a self-starter. I get kind of bored with the same three folk chords that I know.
You're in the same age range, roughly speaking, as some of your blues mentors were when you met them.
I learned from records. They didn't show me chords. The blues people I was lucky enough to hang out with taught me more about life and drinking and relationships and racism. I definitely learned to drink from hanging around with a bunch of guys in their 60s. I sounded like a little bird soprano, but I wanted to sound like Memphis Minnie and Etta James, so I learned to smoke and drink and try to get older really fast. It seemed to be working there for a few years. [Ms. Raitt has been sober since 1987.] I'm honored when young people say they've gone to school on slide guitar with my records. But people get their influence from my live shows and records and YouTube, not me personally. I walk around with a hat on. People don't know it's me.
Write to John Jurgensen at email@example.com

Press Release – Fellowship of Baptist Churches in Papua
Press Release: Fellowship of Baptist Churches in Papua 1 November 2012 “Indonesian Security Forces Must STOP Committing Crimes Against Humanity in Papua” The Central Body for the Fellowship of Baptist Churches are very concerned about Indonesian security …
Fellowship of Baptist Churches in Papua
1 November 2012
“Indonesian Security Forces Must STOP Committing Crimes Against Humanity in Papua”
The Central Body for the Fellowship of Baptist Churches are very concerned about Indonesian security forces towards God’s people in Papua. The cause for this concern came after General Kelly Kwalik killed in Timika on December 16, 2009 by Joint TIM – TNI, Indonesian Police, BRIMOB and Detachment 88, and Musa Mako Tabuni, Chairman of the West Papua National Committee (KNPB) were killed by Detachment 88 on June 14, 2012 at Waena, Jayapura, Papuans are confronted with strange and uncivilised events such as a bomb discoveries, bombings, and the arrest of Papuan civilians on suspicion of possessing ammunition throughout the entirety of Papua.
• The bombing of the parliament Jayawijaya building on 1 September 2012 at 02:15 WIT by OTK;
• the throwing of bombs at the Jayawijaya police station traffic on 18 September 2012 at 20:55 WIT;
• the discovery of a bomb in Timika, Friday, October 19, 2012,
• the discovery of three bombs in Manokwari on October 9, 2012.
• Explosion of three homemade bombs in Sorong on Sunday, October 28, 2012 at 22.00.
As of October 30, 2012 there has been the discovery of 7.62 calibre ammunition in as many as 9 points, 5 TJ 5.6 bullets in as much as 121 points, 5.6 servant bullets in 20 points and the arrest of four youths known by the initials DIH (26), a resident of Organda, YP (28), a resident Sampan Timika, AK (24) a woman, a resident of Organda, and YJW (27) a Karubaga citizen. (Cenderwasih Pos News, Wednesday, October 31, 2012).
On Wednesday, October 31, 2012 and the Papua Regional Police arrested a civilian with the initials OG (27) for the alleged possession of Jayapura PTC ammunition.
From the whole combination of “scenarios” and engineered changes that feature indigenous Papuans as owners of ammunition and bomber gives the VERY clear impression of a SYSTEMATIC STRATEGY being applied by the Government of the Republic of Indonesia through the power of the security apparatus with multiple objectives, agenda and targets, namely:
• A systematic effort to thwart the Papuan demands to work towards a peace dialogue;
• Systematic efforts to destroy and criminalize peaceful struggle for self-determination rights (the right to self-determination) of the people of Papua;
• A systematic effort to make the peaceful struggle for independence of Papuans become known as “terrorists”, so that the international community does not support the struggle of the people of Papua, and the Indonesian security forces instead become supported with funding from the Government of the United States and Australia, which has been instrumental in training and sponsorship of Detachment 88 to fight against “terrorists” in Indonesia.
All ammunition and bombs which have been found and detonated were not owned and operated by indigenous Papuans, but there are several false owners, suppliers and urgers of young Papuans to give truth to the “justification” that those involved in the struggle of the people of Papua are in fact criminals and “terrorists”.
• The entire Papuan society, migrants and indigenous Papuans, do not easily believe that the bombs which were detonated and found, and ammunition recovered from the hands of indigenous Papuans is not true. because the struggle to find justice and political rights for the people of Papua is found through peace, which has already been shown to be true, and not through violence, which would only be a backwards change.
• The security forces of the Republic of Indonesia must stop committing crimes against humanity by an engineered situation of bombs and ammunition discovery at the houses of indigenous Papuans.
• The Government of the Republic of Indonesia immediately open a space for an unconditional peace dialogue between the Government of Indonesia and the Papuans, mediated by a neutral third party, as a political solution to the Special Autonomy has FAILED to answer the complexity of the issue of Papua. Peaceful dialogue with the following conditions:
- Immediately release all political prisoners such as Filep Karma, Forkorus Yaboisembut and friends unconditionally.
- Immediate withdrawal of all non-organic troops, which are not balanced by the number of indigenous Papuans.
- The Government of the Republic of Indonesia immediately allow access for foreign journalists and humanitarian workers to visit Papua.
- The Government of the Republic of Indonesia immediately inviting and allow the United Nation Special Rapporteur to visit Papua.
The Central Body for the Fellowship of Baptist Churches in Papua,
Sofyan Yoman Socratez

We've swooned over Pandora's new iPhone application, LOL'd at the chat application from AIM, and poked our friends with the new Facebook application. But as we continue to dig deeper into the growing catalog of iPhone applications one thing is clear: there are some stinkers in the mix. Sure, they might we well-coded (or not), but who needs them? We've put together a list of 10 absolutely absurd new iPhone apps.
The release of a tool capable of unlocking first-generation iPhones for use on unofficial carriers as well as allowing full read/write access to the filesystem--thereby enabling installation of unofficial, "jailbreak" applications--is imminent.
The iPhone Dev team has posted a screenshot, seen below, of an iPhone running OS 2.0 with both the App Store (Apple's third-party application solution) and Installer.app (the unofficial third-party application solution) running side-by-side. The iPhone is also unlocked, per the MTS carrier logo -- MTS is an unsupported wireless carrier.
Another screenshot shows the tool "BootNeuter" loaded under iPhone … Read more
Loopt was one of the first companies to strut its stuff in an onstage demo at Apple's World Wide Developer Conference in June, and Sam Altman, the CEO of the location-aware social networking app, said the iPhone version is "the best version of Loopt we've ever created."
Thanks to an early release of iTunes 7.7 (for Mac and Windows) and the App Store, that version of Loopt is available--for free--for anyone willing to risk the unofficial firmware upgrade today or the official Friday upgrade.
I've done the former, and Loopt's … Read more
When Apple launched its App Store on Thursday, I checked to see if I could find anything from Redmond.
There were applications from Salesforce.com and Oracle, but nothing from Microsoft. The company has made some noise about wanting to be on the iPhone, particularly with Silverlight, but it doesn't appear the software maker has anything imminent.
"I'm not aware of anything," said Scott Horn, a general manager in Microsoft's mobile communications business. Microsoft has said that it was looking at Apple's software developer kit and I wouldn't be surprised if some business … Read more
Although Apple has not yet updated the iTunes Store front page to link directly to the desktop version of the iPhone App Store, it can still be accessed with a little trickery. To access the desktop App Store, follow these steps:Download and install iTunes 7.7, if you haven't already Click on the iTunes Store in the left-hand panel Search for current iPhone application, such as Super Monkey Ball Click small gray arrow next to Super Monkey Ball in the search results to go to the app's download page In the top navigation bar in iTunes, click &… Read more
Fulfilling a feature available previously with jailbreak applications, AOL is offering a free instant-messaging client, available through the AppStore, for the iPhone. In our brief testing, the client was a snap to configure, and worked well, but exhibited a few freezes.
When the AIM application is first launched, you are presented with options to use either the AOL instant messaging service or MobileMe. Once you've made your selection, however, we couldn't find an easy way to go back and configure another account.
With so much fairy dust in the air over Apple's day-early release of the App Store and iTunes 7.7 (for Windows and Mac), it's easy to get caught up in the excitement. And we are excited. Being the intrepid reviewers we are, we're taking the unofficial iPhone 2.0 firmware for a ride to test out some of these apps. Be forewarned that the firmware has not yet been Apple-approved for wide release and cannot be vouched for.
More than 500 applications are already clustered in the App Store, many of them tiny apps and widgets … Read more
Looks like some big-media deal-making went into this one.
Users can browse their Photobucket albums, as well as upload images from the iPhone to the service with a single click. The application costs $4.99.
But Photobucket had a more interesting announcement on Thursday, namely a multiyear partnership with Ask.com, the search engine owned by new-media conglomerate InterActiveCorp.
Through the deal, Photobucket will use exclusively Ask.com search for its … Read more
Now that Apple has officially launched the App Store, everyone seems excited about the possibility of expanding the functionality of their favorite cell phone and doing more with the same old hardware. I can't fault them for feeling that way, but I don't see any reason to spend money on it.
Undoubtedly, Steve Jobs will come out in January at Macworld and discuss how well the App Store is performing, thanks to strong iPhone app sales and even a few iPod touch sales thrown in for good measure. He'll discuss the benefits of using the App store and why we should all buy up "some of the best applications in the world."
It makes sense -- Apple has a vested interest in the success of the App store and certainly wants to see you buy more software than download for free because it gets a piece of the pie on all profits.
But as for me, I don't see any reason to spend money in the App store and I definitely won't. It's not that I'm protesting anything or trying to stand my ground, it's just that I think there will be so many great free apps in the store that I won't even need to worry about paying for software.
It may sound a bit radical, but trust me, I don't think you'll be spending too much money in there either.… Read more
The feature is now available as a download in the new iPhone applications store, which went live on Thursday morning. With the free, one-megabyte application installed, an iPod Touch or iPhone can use a Wi-Fi connection to control and search through an iTunes library remotely, flip around on an Apple TV, and control AirTunes speakers.
Most new Apple products already come with remote-control devices that perform the same functions, but using the iPhone download conveniently renders them … Read more

|One of their lunch wagons!|
|And another lunch wagon!|
|Signature item...Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet!|
|Restaurant menu (December 2011)|
I got Elena's signature dish: the Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet ($7.50). Patented and trademarked in the State of Hawaii, this massive omelet has chunks of pork adobo and flavorful, golden-brown fried rice inside a bunch of eggs. I didn't ask how many eggs are used, but I wouldn't be surprised if they used close to a dozen. I could probably still tackle one of these myself, but because I'm a great son, I split it with my dad.
|Two HALF orders of the Pork Adobo Fried Rice Omelet|
|Yum! See the fried rice and pork adobo inside?|
The vinegar in the juicy, tender pork adobo was wonderfully neutralized. I'm guessing the pork fat also flavored that fried rice to make it a bit richer in flavor. My dad put ketchup on his omelet, but I didn't need any condiments. No condiment shall get in the way of these amazing flavors!
Elena's Restaurant also has an all-you-can-eat buffet. For $9.99, you can get their pork adobo fried rice omelet, along with other amazing Filipino foods like Pancit (noodles), Lechon (chopped crispy pork), Pinakbet (pork with Filipino vegetables), and Gisantes (pork and peas).
|That's a hearty and delicious omelet....|
|I'll eat the entire tray, thanks|

with Matt Astifan
This Workshop Will Be Held On Thursday, May 2nd from 5:30-10pm at the Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Vancouver Downtown
Tickets Only $47...
It Is 100% LIVE And WILL NOT BE RECORDED.
Attendance Is Very Limited.
Copyright 2013 Web Friendly
email: firstname.lastname@example.org | phone: 604-763-4042 | twitter: @WebFriendly
"Facebook just made it easier to get... MORE Fans, MORE Engagement & MORE Conversions! And I'm going to show you how."
- Matt Astifan
Attention: Small Business Owners, Entrepreneurs, Social Media Experts & Students: Here’s How To Take Advantage Of The New Facebook Timeline For Brand Pages - And Get More Customers With Facebook ...Starting Immediately!
BONUS: Get 60 Days Free ($59.98 value) Of Contest Domination Pro When You Attend Facebook For Brands
Facebook for Brand attendees who are new to Contest Domination can enjoy 60 days free of Contest Domination Pro
(And I'll show you exactly how I use it!)

Posts Tagged ‘Grace Ross’
It’s not often you get to see Howard Beale, the character from the movie “Network,” played out in real life. It’s one thing to be on the campaign trail and be told by conspiracy theorists to look at things like the book “The Creature From Jekyll Island” (about the Federal Reserve) or to find out why attorneys are not lawyers. It’s quite another to see someone come to a Ways & Means hearing and speak the truth about the manipulation of social services at the expense of the people they’re purported to serve, as well as taxpayers.
Enter Grace Ross, recent candidate for Governor, who was unable to get enough signatures to primary Deval Patrick. A self-proclaimed “activist for social justice,” I had no idea what to expect in her testimony on Friday, March 4th, in the last hour of the last day of a state-wide tour of budget hearings. Because her time was limited to 3 minutes, she presented a simple chart showing state revenue sources, from highest to lowest. Again, due to time constraints, she wanted to make sure we were aware of the fact that food stamps (now called “S.N.A.P.”) and Unemployment Insurance were the two largest generators of income to Massachusetts – and that’s beating a Lottery that is ranked 1st in the nation, reaping over $4B annually. She even reiterated that the sales tax increase was a mistake… gasp! Read the rest of this entry »

Going to France was a treat. Not just because PBP is a wonderful adventure, but because I love visiting France. In August, Paris loses some of its urban edge, and people become more relaxed. The city organizes Paris Plages (“Beach in Paris”): For a few weeks, sand is trucked in, and a freeway along the Seine are transformed into a beach. The square in front of the Hôtel de Ville (courthouse) becomes another beach with volleyball nets. It’s a lovely way to celebrate summer!
Another major change in Paris has been the Velib bike rental program. With more than 20,000 bicycles available at over 1000 stations, it has revolutionized how Parisiens get around. The operation is impressive. It includes mechanics who make rounds and fix bikes that need repairs.
After Paris-Brest-Paris, we had a get-together of Bicycle Quarterly readers and others at the historic starting place of PBP, the café Aux Trois Obus. It was nice to meet readers from all over the world in person, and go for a ride to the Alex Singer shop afterward.
Then I spent a week in France to visit friends and to research upcoming articles for Bicycle Quarterly. For these trips, I combined the TGV high-speed trains with the leisurely pace of my bike.
Riding in France is a different experience from the U.S. Thousands of years of human history are evident in the landscape. As I left Viviers, my friend Richard pointed out the Roman bridge at the edge of town, which dates to the 3rd century A.D. The bridge still is used to get to the fields on the other side of the river.
If you plan your trip with the help of the excellent Michelin 1:200,000 maps, you can cross most of France on little roads with almost no traffic. I rode 190 km in one day across the Ardèche and Cevennes Mountains. During this time, I cycled less than 15 km on roads that had a white centerline. Most roads looked like this:
These roads lead to quaint villages, with cobbled streets and beautiful buildings. Little restaurants tempted me to stop, and fortunately I was not in a rush. Ordering a crèpe at lunch-time took 20 minutes, but the food was so good that it was worth the wait.
Just before returning to Seattle, I was able to realize my long-held dream of riding the Raid Pyrénéen, a 720 km Randonée Permanente from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean, via the great cols (mountain passes) of the Pyrenees. It was a true adventure! I will publish a full report soon in Bicycle Quarterly.

- Animals & Pets
- Careers & Professions
- Charity / Non-Profit
- Food & Drink
- Funny & Humorous
- Hobbies & Recreation
Skreened is the best place to shop for and print custom t-shirts and other sweatshop-free clothing and gifts online.
Customize the style and colors of thousands of unique designs in our marketplace or print your own design on any style, size and color of item you want. Each Skreened order is printed on-demand to your specifications.
Skreened offers a growing variety of merchandise including t-shirts from American Apparel and Anvil brands as well as completely custom hoodies, kids t-shirts, tote bags, baby one pieces, and more!
Make your own personalized gifts on Skreened using our awesome design tool—add text, photos & other images, or even our awesome art elements from GoMedia to create awesome custom clothing.
Skreened also offers free online shops where you can upload and sell your own cool products for profit.
Founded in 2006, Skreened is the leader in ethical and socially responsible on-demand printing.

I'm down four pounds - which feels great.
But I've also been sick for three days - which doesn't. Going to the doctor today.
I thought it was the after effects of my massage on Friday - lots of dizziness and lightheadedness - some vomiting. But three days is a bit much. So I'm going to go get checked out.
I'll update you all tomorrow.
But the good news is I'm nearly half way to my 15 pound goal!
MAIN STREET AWAITS!

Mobile Site You Are Here >
Billy Andrews >
1976 Game Log
News: s-r blog:Follow us on Twitter to Win a Free Baseball-Reference.com Play Index Subscription
William Doughty Andrews Jr.
Height: 6-0 Weight: 220 lbs.
Born: June 14, 1945 in Clinton, LA
College: SE Louisiana
Drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 13th round (333rd overall) of the 1967 NFL Draft.
Weighted Career AV (100-95-...): 43 (2047th overall since 1950)
Let people know you like this site. Sponsor this page for $5. Your message will replace this ad.
1976 Game Log:
Regular Season · Playoffs
Automatic Player Linking / Statistical Sharing Tool / Basic Player Linking
A Sports Reference Site:
About PFR |
Found a bug or have a suggestion?
Privacy Statement |
Conditions & Terms of Service |
Use of Data
Partner With: FantasyPlayers.com.

by Staff Writers
Srinagar, India (AFP) March 5, 2013
Heavy snow has killed nearly 25,000 pashmina goats that graze high in the Indian Himalayas, threatening supplies of top-end cashmere wool used to make luxury scarves, an official said on Tuesday.
Thousands of nomads rear the animals in the inhospitable terrain of India's northwestern region of Ladakh, a high-altitude desert bordering China that is renowned for its dramatic landscape of towering mountains and arid plains.
Around 50 tonnes of some of the best raw pashmina wool in the world are produced there each year with the fibres then sent to neighbouring Kashmir where they are woven into scarves and shawls which sell for up to 800 dollars apiece.
This year, an estimated 25,000 goats have starved to death in the Changthang region because their fodder is buried under unusually heavy snow, said Rigzin Spalbar, who heads the Ladakh Hill Development Council, the autonomous governing body of the region.
"All the land access routes are blocked with snow and a week earlier we requested the government to airdrop fodder and supplements for the surviving goats," Spalbar told AFP by phone.
"It took me seven days on foot to reach a fringe of the area and I saw dead pashmina goats lying all around," Spalbar said, explaining that the only contact with the nomads is through satellite phones.
Another 175,000 goats are at risk of perishing as their food is inaccessible beneath about 90 centimetres (three feet) of ice after one of the biggest snowfalls in nearly fifty years, he said.
At 17,000 feet (5,200 metres), Changthang receives almost no rain during summer and usually about five centimetres of snow in an average winter. Temperatures can drop to minus 50 degrees Celsius (minus 58 degrees Fahrenheit).
"We are totally helpless and are trying to organise fodder in compact form from the army in Leh," he said, referring to the biggest town in Buddhist-majority Ladakh.
In recent years, due to a lack of supplies from Ladakh, weavers in Kashmir have begun importing raw pashmina from China and Mongolia to meet ever-increasing demand for their products.
Demand for the highest-quality wool has risen worldwide and in India following tighter restrictions on the illegal trade in shahtoosh, the "king of wools", which comes from a rare species of Tibetan antelope.
Pashmina goats in Ladakh have been threatened in the past by a shortage of grass in summer months because of locusts, with the spraying of insecticides prevented in the environmentally sensitive area.
Scientists at the Sher-i-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology in Srinagar, the main city of Kashmir, announced a breakthrough last year when they succeeded in cloning a pashmina goat.
The goat, produced with the help of World Bank money, was named Noori, an Arabic word for light.
Scientists say they hope to produce another one this year.
Apart from the pashmina goats in Ladakh, Spalbar said another 100,000 sheep, cows and wild yaks were also at risk of perishing because of the snowfall.
Farming Today - Suppliers and Technology
|The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2012 - Space Media Network. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA Portal Reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement,agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement|

The Dasara Gold Card, which confers a slew of privileges to the buyers during Dasara festivities, was released by the Minister for Panchayat Raj and Rural Development, Shobha Karandlaje, here on Tuesday.
She also launched the Dasara website on the occasion.
The 1,000 gold cards, priced at Rs. 6,000 each, will be on sale within the next few days. They can also be purchased online.
Benefits conferred on the card-holders include free admission for two persons to places of tourist interest in Mysore and free admission to venues of cultural programmes, apart from discounts at specified rates at various outlets on purchase of select artefacts and rebate on room rent and restaurant charges in participating hotels.
The gold cards will also be on sale at premium hotels and in the Tourism Department offices.
Ms. Karandlaje said Sri Sri Ravishankar of the Art of Living Foundation had been invited to inaugurate the Dasara festivities atop the Chamundi Hills on September 19. The list of cultural events to be held at the Mysore Palace was ready, while the schedule for Yuva Dasara and other events were in the final stages of completion, she added.
The default page of the website www.mysoredasara.com opens in Kannada. The contents can also be viewed in English and 35 other languages including Hindi, Arabic, Croatian, German, Indonesian, Portuguese, Czech, Greek, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian, Russian, Spanish, Chinese, Dutch, French and Polish.
Live streaming of the events has been planned this year also as there was good response for it last year. More than 2.5 lakh people from 76 countries had watched online the unfolding spectacle during Jamboo Savari.
Ms. Karandlaje expressed confidence that A(H1N1) influenza would not have any major impact on the festivities, and added that all precautionary measures including facilities to screen and isolate persons with symptoms of the flu were in place.
Deputy Commissioner P. Manivannan said the district administration had urged the government to establish a permanent facility to detect communicable diseases.
Keywords: Dasara Gold Card, Dasara festivities, Minister for Panchayat Raj and Rural Development, Shobha Karandlaje, Dasara website, Sri Sri Ravishankar, Art of Living Foundation, Chamundi Hills, www.mysoredasara.com

Release: April 14, 2011
Director: Rodrigo Dorfman
Writer: Unknown or Not Available
Cast: Unknown or Not Available
Ranked #15,330 of 16,367
More/Detailed InformationView all news reports, if any, filed under One Night in Kernersville
Trailers & Clips
Other Films from Unknown
Ace Ventura Jr., Almost Related, Beautiful, Bitch Slap, Blood Night, Burma VJ, Control Alt Delete, Fissure, Gap, Little Red Truck, Made for Each Other, Monsters From The Id, National Lampoon's Bag Boy, Numb, St. Nick, Stingray Sam, SubHysteria, The Graduates, The Junkyard Willie Movie: Lost in Transit, War of the Dead (Stone's War)
Sponsors Like Trailers!
Are You a Trailer Addict?
Trailer Addict has setup TA, Trailers Anoymous. Feel free to contact us at with your scoops, comments or advertising inquiries at the following email address.

My first class is VERY SOON: Saturday, January 16, 10-4pm ($60 plus $25 class materials fee). The class is Metalworks I, for beginners or others who want to learn the techniques. We will be cutting copper and brass sheet metal with sheers to fashion a pendant and earrings. We'll use a dapping block to shape or dome the metal, a disc cutter to make discs out of it, texture it with metal stamps, hammers and other materials, rivet it and finally color and antique it using a torch and liver of sulfur. This is a fun, noisy and tension relieving class! Come join the party. Call Star's at 703-938-7018 to sign up.

Stanford Cardinal quarterback Andrew Luck is regarded as the best quarterback prospect since either John Elway or Peyton Manning, depending on who you talk to. He is the consensus No. 1 pick in the upcoming NFL Draft, and some teams down on their fortune this year may have a chance at claiming him with the top overall pick very soon.
Of course, teams who are playing horribly right now (Miami Dolphins, Indianapolis Colts) may find themselves with an unenthusiastic Luck come draft day. There has been speculation as to whether or not Luck and his father Oliver, who serves as athletic director at West Virginia University, will force a trade if he doesn't like the organization he gets picked by.
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning can provide some perspective on that. Manning was the consensus No. 1 pick in 2003, and he forced his way out of San Diego by telling the Chargers that he would not play for them. The Chargers picked him anyways with the first overall pick, and the Giants pulled off a trade shortly thereafter to bring Manning to New York.
According to an ESPN report, Manning had this to say when asked if he holds any regrets about his draft-related decision: "No, I don't have any regrets- I've enjoyed being here, enjoyed how everything worked out on the draft day, and, you know, I'm happy being a Giant and happy with what I've done here."
That's something that Luck should take into account as teams continue their "Suck for Luck" campaigns. Controlling one's NFL destiny may be reproachable by the standards of some fans, but it's also an important decision that could determine one's happiness for years to come. It could potentially make the difference between all-time great and also-played.
Manning was later asked what he would tell Luck if he decides to control his NFL destination like Manning did. Eager to be rid of the question, Manning responded, "I'll talk about it if it happens, if he calls me."
Luck doesn't need to call Manning when the time comes. If Luck feels as strongly about whichever team gets the first draft pick as Manning did about the Chargers, then forcing his way out may be the best move. The noble form of action here may be to stick it out and rise to the occasion, but that might come with a cost. If Luck decides to play for a franchise that he doesn't believe in, he may find himself facing the regrets that Manning never had to.
All of that is far off in the distance, though. For now, Luck will continue focusing his energy on Stanford's hunt for the BCS National Championship while ignoring the ongoing ‘Suck for Luck' campaign.

Total War creator, The Creative Assembly, has announced the development of the latest in the line of acclaimed RTS games, Shogun 2. While the Total War franchise has a 10-year history and is fairly well-known for its AI, Â this blurb from their web site has spread through the web like an overturned ink well:
Featuring a brand new AI system inspired by the scriptures that influenced Japanese warfare, the millennia old Chinese â€śArt of Warâ€ť, the Creative Assembly brings the wisdom of Master Sun Tsu to Shogun 2: Total War. Analysing this ancient text enabled the Creative Assembly to implement easy to understand yet deep strategical gameplay.
Sun Tzu‘s “The Art of War” has been a staple reference tome since he penned it (or brushed it… or whatever) in the 6th century B.C. It’s hard to find many legends that have made it for over 20 centuries. Its applications have been adapted in various ways to go beyond war to arenas such as business and politics. Suffice to say that “The Art of War” lives on as “things that just make sense”.
The problem I have here is that this seems to be more of a marketing gimmick than anything. After all, most of what Sun Tzu wrote should, in various forms, already be in game AI anyway. Â To say Sun Tzu’s ideas are unique to him and would never have been considered without his wisdom is similar to saying that no one thought that killing was a bad idea until Moses wandered down the hill with “Thou Shalt Not Kill” on a big ol’ rock. No one stood around saying, “Gee… ya think?” Likewise, Sun Tzu’s advice about “knowing your enemy” is hardly an earth-shattering revelation.
|Certainly, there is plenty of game AI out there that could have benefited from a quick read of a summary of Art of War.|
Certainly, there is plenty of game AI out there that could have benefited from a quick read of a summary of Art of War. Things like “staying in cover and waiting for the enemy to attack you” come to mind. Of course, in the game world, we call that “camping” (as an individual) or “turtling” (as a group). I can imagine a spirited argument as to whether a camping/turtling AI is necessarily What Our Players Wantâ„˘, however. It certainly beats the old “Doom model” of “walk straight towards the enemy”.
And what about the Sun Tzu concept of letting your two enemies beat the snot out of each other before you jump in? (I believe there are translations that yielded “dog shit” rather than “snot” but the meaning is still clear.) If you are in an RTS and one enemy just sits and waits for the other one whack you around a little bit, it’s going to look broken. On the other hand, I admit to doing that in free-for-all Starcraft matches… because it is a brutal tactic!
|The problem I have with their claim is that we already do use many of his concepts in game AI.|
The problem I have with their claim, however, is that there are many concepts in the Art of War that we already do use in game AI. By looking at Sun Tzu’s chapter headings (or whatever he called them) we can see some of his general ideas:
For ease of reference, I pillage the following list from Wikipedia:
- Laying Plans/The Calculations
- Waging War/The Challenge
- Attack by Stratagem/The Plan of Attack
- Tactical Dispositions/Positioning
- Weak Points & Strong/Illusion and Reality
- Maneuvering/Engaging The Force
- Variation in Tactics/The Nine Variations
- The Army on the March/Moving The Force
- The Attack by Fire/Fiery Attack
- The Use of Spies/The Use of Intelligence
Going into more detail on each of them, we can find many analogues to existing AI practices:
Laying Plans/The Calculations explores the five fundamental factors (and seven elements) that define a successful outcome (the Way, seasons, terrain, leadership, and management). By thinking, assessing and comparing these points you can calculate a victory, deviation from them will ensure failure. Remember that war is a very grave matter of state.
It almost seems to easy to cite planning techniques here because “plans” is in the title. I’ll go a step further then and point out that the practice of collecting information and assessing the relative merits of the selection, you can determine potential outcomes or select correct paths of action. This is a common technique in AI decision-making calculations. Even the lowly min/max procedure is, in essence simply comparing various potential paths through the state space.
Waging War/The Challenge explains how to understand the economy of war and how success requires making the winning play, which in turn, requires limiting the cost of competition and conflict.
This one speaks even more to the min/max approach. The phrase “limiting the cost of competition and conflict” expresses the inherent economic calculations that min/max is based on. That is, I need to get the most bang for my buck.
Attack by Stratagem/The Plan of Attack defines the source of strength as unity, not size, and the five ingredients that you need to succeed in any war. In order of importance attack: Strategy, Alliances, Army, lastly Cities.
Any coordinating aspects to the AI forces falls under this category. For example, the hierarchical structure of units into squads and ultimately armies is part of that “unity” aspect. Very few RTS games send units into battle as soon as they are created. They also don’t go off and do their own thing. If you have 100 units going to 100 places, you aren’t going to have the strength of 100 units working as a collection. Â This has been a staple of RTS games since their inception.
Tactical Dispositions/Positioning explains the importance of defending existing positions until you can advance them and how you must recognize opportunities, not try to create them.
|Even simply including cover points in a shooter game can be thought of as “defending existing positions”.|
Even simply including cover points in a shooter game can be thought of as “defending existing positions”. More importantly, individual or squad tactics that do leapfrogging, cover-to-cover, movement is something that has been addressed in various ways for a number of years. Not only in FPS games do we see this (e.g. F.E.A.R.), but even in some of the work that Chris Jurney did originally in Company of Heroes. Simply telling a squad to advance to a point didn’t mean they would continue on mindless of their peril. Even while not under fire, they would do a general cover-to-cover movement. When engaged in combat, however, there was a very obvious and concerted effort to move up only when the opportunity presented itself.
This point can be worked in reverse as well. The enemies in Halo 3, as explained by DamiĂˇn Isla in his various lectures on the subject, defend a point until they can no longer reasonably do so and then fall back to the next defensible point. This is a similar concept to the “advance” model above.
Suffice to say, whether it be advancing opportunistically or retreating prudently, this is something that game AI is already doing.
Energy/Directing explains the use of creativity and timing in building your momentum.
This one is a little more vague simply because of the brevity of the summary on Wikipedia. However, we are all well aware of how some games have diverged from the simple and stale “aggro” models that were the norm 10-15 years ago.
Weak Points & Strong/Illusion and Reality explains how your opportunities come from the openings in the environment caused by the relative weakness of your enemy in a given area.
|Identifying the disposition of the enemy screams of influence mapping…|
Identifying the disposition of the enemy screams of influence mappingâ€”something that we have been using in RTS games for quite some time. Even some FPS and RPG titles have begun using it. Influence maps have been around for a long time and their construction and usage are well documented in books and papers. Not only do they use the disposition of forces as suggested above, but many of them have been constructed to incorporate environmental features as Mr. Tzu (Mr. Sun?) entreats us to do.
Maneuvering/Engaging The Force explains the dangers of direct conflict and how to win those confrontations when they are forced upon you.
Again, this one is a bit vague. Not sure where to go there.
Variation in Tactics/The Nine Variations focuses on the need for flexibility in your responses. It explains how to respond to shifting circumstances successfully.
This is an issue that game AI has not dealt with well in the past. If you managed to disrupt a build order for an RTS opponent, for example, it might get confused. Also AI was not always terribly adaptive to changing circumstances. To put it in simple rock-paper-scissors terms, if you kept playing rock over and over, the AI wouldn’t catch on and play paper exclusively. In fact, it might still occasionally play scissors despite the guaranteed loss to your rock.
Lately, however, game AI has been far more adaptive to situations. The use of planners, behavior trees, and robust rule-based systems, for example, has allowed for far more flexibility than the more brittle FSMs allowed for. It is much harder to paint an AI into a corner from which it doesn’t know how to extricate itself. (Often, with the FSM architecture, the AI wouldn’t even realize it was painted into a corner at all and continue on blissfully unaware.)
The Army on the March/Moving The Force describes the different situations inf them.
[editorial comment on the above bullet point: WTF?]
I’m not sure to what the above refers, but there has been a long history of movement-based algorithms. Whether it be solo pathfinding, group movement, group formations, or local steering rules, this is an area that is constantly being polished.
The Attack by Fire/Fiery Attack explains the use of weapons generally and the use of the environment as a weapon specifically. It examines the five targets for attack, the five types of environmental attack, and the appropriate responses to such attack.
For all intents and purposes, fire was the only “special attack” that they had in 600 BC. It was their BFG, I suppose. Extrapolated out, this is merely a way of describing when and how to go beyond the typical melee and missile attacks. While not perfect, actions like spell-casting decisions in an RPG are not terribly complicated to make. Also, by tagging environmental objects, we can allow the AI to reason about their uses. One excellent example is how the agents in F.E.A.R. would toss over a couch to create a cover point. That’s using the environment to your advantage through a special (not typical) action.
The Use of Spies/The Use of Intelligence focuses on the importance of developing good information sources, specifically the five types of sources and how to manage them.
The interesting point here is that, given that our AI already has the game world at its e-fingertips, we haven’t had to accurately simulate the gathering of intelligence information. That has changed in recent years as the technology has allowed us to burn more resources on the problem. We now regularly simulate the AI piercing the Fog of War through scouts, etc. It is only a matter of time and tech before we get even more detailed in this area. Additionally, we will soon be able to model the AI’s belief of what we, the player, know of its disposition. This allows for intentional misdirection and subterfuge on the part of the AI. Now that will be fun!
|Claiming to use Sun Tzu’s “Art of War” makes for good “back of the box” reading…|
Anyway, the point of all of this is that, while claiming to use Sun Tzu’s “Art of War” makes for good “back of the box” reading, much of what he wrote of we as game AI programmers do already. Is there merit in reading his work to garner a new appreciation of how to think? Sure. Is it the miraculous godsend that it seems to be? Not likely.
In the mean time, marketing fluff aside, I look forward to seeing how it all plays out (so to speak) in the latest Total War installment. (Looks like I might get a peek at E3 next week anyway.)

Although chosen above the rest, she considered herself surrounded by greatness. The six McDuffie County schools' Teachers of the Year were honored Monday evening at a special banquet. Melissa Welch was named the 2009 McDuffie County Teacher of the Year.
Even before the top teacher was announced, Mrs. Welch was recognizing many others in the profession at the banquet, including those in the audience.
"It is an honor to be Teacher of the Year, but we are all Teachers of the Year," she said. "The first thing I felt was a complete sense of unworthiness, because I am surrounded by so many that are more fitting than I am. ... I don't think there was any competitiveness between us. At least I never felt that way."
In his welcome speech, Board of Education member Rick McCorkle said he noticed the Teachers of the Year had one thing in common.
"They don't have their own agendas," he said. "It's all about loving the kids and loving what they do. ... We want to thank them. ... and honor them."
The other Teachers of the Year for each school are: Jessie Morlan of Thomson High, Peggy Carter of Dearing Elementary, Khrista Kent of Norris Elementary, Patricia Connor of Thomson Middle and Leigh Smith of Thomson Elementary.
Mrs. Welch was given the award in front of approximately 150 of her colleagues, their families and school system administrators during the annual banquet at Belle Meade Country Club. The Georgia Teacher of the Year program is sponsored by the Georgia Department of Education, and recognizes outstanding public school teachers.
"When I was a teacher, I always wanted to be one of you, but I guess I never cut the mustard," quipped McDuffie Assistant Superintendent Barry O'Neill. "So I am jealous. Not that I didn't get where you are, but that I'm not a teacher. You are the infantry. You work where the rubber meets the road. You're the ones getting the job done."
Mrs. Welch has been a teacher getting the job done for 11 years. She teaches kindergarten at Maxwell Elementary, where she just made history as that school's first county Teacher of the Year.
"Every day in Mrs. Welch's class, kindergarten becomes a magical journey for five year olds who are establishing their own lifetime love of learning. She inspires and motivates all of her students," said Maxwell Elementary Principal Mychele Rhodes.
Married to Jeff for 20 years, and with three children, Elizabeth, Hannah and Jesse, Mrs. Welch is experienced in the school system both as a teacher and a parent. Last year, she took a brief break in her career to home school her youngest child, whom she felt was getting behind in his academics. But midway through the year, she and Jesse both felt led to return to the classroom. Mrs. Welch publicly thanked Thomson Middle School, and it's Teacher of the Year, Patricia Connor, "because Jesse is flying high, now."
"I genuinely believe we must build meaningful and lasting friendships with our parents," Mrs. Welch wrote in her application essay. "With (the parents') support and confidence in our schools, we stand a greater chance at succeeding with our students both academically as well as behaviorally."
As part of the Teacher of the Year process, each teacher had to write essay responses to eight questions ranging from personal teaching philosophy to the issues facing education.
McDuffie Education Federal Programs Director Beth Newton said a panel of three judges who are education administrators from outside the county read the essays and interviewed each teacher before choosing a finalist. Dr. Newton said the judges' exact words regarding Mrs. Welch were that "her passion came through."
Mrs. Welch will represent McDuffie County at the state level for Georgia Teacher of the Year, which will be announced in the spring.

- In equity markets, most indices give up their early gains and are currently trading in a downward trend, with Nikkei 225 experiencing the biggest losses compared with its Asian counterparties, driven down by technology and telecommunications sectors. Softbank (9984 JT) is one of the laggard after we heard that cleanwire plans to ask the Federal Communications Commission to block Sprint Nextel's takeover of the Co. and the merger between Softbank and Sprint.
Print 00:50, 07 Jan 2013 - Asian News - Source: Newswires
RANsquawk provides audio news and commentary for over 15,000 professional traders and brokers worldwide. Services include:

|Johnson has four Phoenix wins and the No. 5 has two recent wins (Getty)|
Last week's restrictor-plate race at Daytona didn't offer the best data with the new EFI system because cars are propelled more by the draft than by themselves. This week at Phoenix it will be every driver for themselves with their crew chief at the computer dissecting every piece of data that comes through their computer in nearly the same fashion they do in Formula-one.
Instead of a crew chief asking their driver "what's wrong" with a driver speculating, the crew chief will now be able to know and pinpoint issues quicker. These next few races will be important for every team to figure out how they're going maximize all that data to their advantage.
Some of the expected bonuses of EFI is less blown engines and a more accurate figure on fuel mileage. Some of the drama of wondering whether a car can make the final few laps will be taken out of the equation, but will also intensify at the same time as teams are sure to push the limits more so than in the past. Is the computer smarter here, or weighing a gas can after each pit stop to see exactly how much fuel got into the car?
Even without speculating that Hendrick may have the advantage here like they did in 2007 when the 'Car of Tomorrow' was introduced, they are collectively pretty stout at Phoenix as is.
Jimmie Johnson has a track best career average of 5.4 in 17 starts that include four wins. He's never finished worse than 15th and has only finished worse than seventh 3 times. Johnson has had a lot of time reflect on not winning his sixth straight title last season and when looking back on 2011, Phoenix is the type of track he knows he can improve upon from last year.
Jeff Gordon is a two-time winner at Phoenix. Unlike most of the other tracks where he did most of his damage during his glory years in the 90's, he captured his only two wins on the track in 2007 and in this race last season.
Kasey Kahne gets to jump into the No. 5 Hendrick car that Mark Martin drove to a Phoenix victory in 2009, a car Kyle Busch also won at Phoenix with in 2005. Kahne looks to be one of the surprises of the 2012 season and this will be our first real opportunity to see what he can do with the Hendrick horsepower under the hood. In the fall race last season, Kahne did the amazing by taking a lame duck Red Bull Racing team to the winners circle. It was Kahne's only win of 2012.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. has gone 130 races without a win, but Phoenix could be a place we see the streak end. He's a two-time winner on the track (2003-04) and be the major beneficiary of having the Hendrick edge in his corner.
The top Ford of the race figures to be Carl Edwards who has had the best car in the last three Phoenix races, but has claimed only one victory. The last time NASCAR made some changes, Roush Racing took a long time to catch up. It's debatable whether it will happen again, but it does take some of the shine off of what Edwards has done recently at Phoenix. It's likely odds on Edwards will too low to back as most sports books will use those last three races as a reference when posting their numbers.
Top 5 Finish Position:
1) #48 Jimmie Johnson (7/1)
2) #24 Jeff Gordon (8/1)
3) #99 Carl Edwards (7/1)
4) #5 Kasey Kahne (14/1)
5) #88 Dale Earnhardt Jr (25/1)
Gaughan to a GREAT Car
While Danica Patrick won't make a Sprint Cup appearance again until May, Las Vegans will make up for the void with their own favorite son, Brendan Gaughan, who will run race No. 2, 3, 4 and 5 beginning this week in Phoenix. Kurt and Kyle Busch are loved in Las Vegas as well, but Brendan has a special relationship with the locals because of his family ties (Father Michael and Grandfather Jackie) that have been so good to Las Vegans over the last six decades.
When Brendan got his first shot at Cup racing, he didn't really have a chance to succeed as an afterthought third-string program run by Roger Penske during lean years. His current run will see him in Richard Childress cars with chassis' leftovers from the departure of Clint Bowyer as well as a cars used by Jeff Burton and Kevin Harvick.
His return to the Cup series during the Las Vegas race in two weeks will be one of the bigger underlying stories of the weekend. Here's to hoping, and wishing, Gaughan the best of performances the next few weeks in the spotlight of Cup racing.

This innovative text sheds light on how people work -- why they sometimes function well and, at other times, behave in ways that are self-defeating or destructive. The author presents her groundbreaking research on adaptive and maladaptive cognitive-motivational patterns and shows:
* How these patterns originate in people's self-theories
* Their consequences for the person -- for achievement, social relationships, and emotional well-being
* Their consequences for society, from issues of human potential to stereotyping and intergroup relations
* The experiences that create them
This outstanding text is a must-read for researchers in social psychology, child development, and education, and is appropriate for both graduate and senior undergraduate students in these areas.

Studies estimate that if a pandemic becomes a reality, approximately 25-40% of employees may report to work from home due to illness or concerns with infection. For this reason several telework laws were enacted for federal, state and local governments to deploy effective strategies to ensure availability of personnel resources during an emergency. A Remote Access Plan becomes critical for supporting different types of employees and the applications to which they may need access. This is true for addressing any type of crisis, whether recovering from a natural disaster, such as a hurricane, or dealing with a man-made event such as a public-transit strike. A remote access plan should be implemented in advance, at least in terms of the infrastructure, and include the ability to securely, simply and easily deploy services to end-users on an as-needed basis. When natural disasters and unexpected events occur, it is absolutely vital that organizations respond quickly to maintain their customer service, minimize disruption to their organization, and protect their opportunities.
This service provides diverse, cost-effective backup for data applications, quick deployment for remote locations, temporary locations or mobile workers and consistent network connectivity. As part of a disaster preparedness program, AT&T can provide the ability for organizations to connect to network resources when wireline solutions are not available or are being restored, reducing the costs associated with downtime..
When disaster strikes, you to connect your laptops to the information you need like Email or business applications from virtually anywhere, even when a Wi-Fi hotspot is not available. LaptopConnect simply and conveniently enables wireless workflow with flexible laptop connection options, enhanced speeds, extensive coverage of the AT&T wireless network and the efficiency of the AT&T Communication Manager Software. You can select the wireless data plan you need and get a predictable rate plan with no hidden costs.
Few organizations could function without Email, and it provides a critical coordination tool during an outage. With wireless Email solutions from AT&T, customers can access work and personal Email with a wide array of devices ranging from BlackBerry® to Microsoft® enabled handsets and iPhone. AT&T’s solutions are easy to implement and scalable to meet an organization’s growing needs.
Integrate wireline and wireless access as an extension of existing enterprise infrastructures. Whether the end-user is a remote worker, a traveling user or an extended member within your business model, Remote Access Services provide access to corporate information and applications when displaced due to an unplanned event or on the fly.
The ability to collect and share information between the field and the office is making mobile workers more productive, streamlining asset management, improving worker safety and ultimately providing better customer service. And in the event of a natural or manmade disaster, having information readily accessible and up to date will greatly aid in assessment, cleanup and rebuilding efforts when you know precisely where assets are located. The three primary applications offered with AT&T’s Line of Business (LOB) mobile solutions are Field Service Automation (FSA), Sales Force Automation (SFA) and Fleet Management.

Do you have any other style for collared blouse?I don't like the style of both
I think the first one looks good with thin girls. It needs someone who can carry it. Not really for everybody.
i like the first one too..i agree! it looks good with thin, long legged and sexy girls..
I love to wear collared blouses but I agree with ellenjoy25 I don't like the style, Can you give us another style?
I dont like the blouse,I like the shorts

The Calumet Outdoors Series Connects People to the Many Natural Areas in the Region
Photo: Laura Milkert
The Calumet Outdoors Series is a collection of free guided hikes and kayak/canoe events offered throughout 2011 in northwest Indiana and southeast Chicago. A collaboration between various Calumet organizations, the hikes and paddling events are focused on the natural assets and offerings of the Calumet Region. ECCo scientists will be leading several interpretive hikes throughout the program, including an upcoming bird hike led by Doug Stotz at Beaubien Woods on Saturday, June 18th at 9:00 am. Whether you're a novice or avid paddler, or want to get out your hiking shoes and see another part of the Chicago Wilderness by foot, come connect to the vast and globally rare ecology of the region in a fun way.
Jennifer Maxwell, Calumet Initiative Project Director/WRD Environmental Consultant for Chicago Department of the Environment, and Mark Bouman, Professor of Geography at Chicago State University, talk about the natural history and future plans for Hegewisch Marsh. Photos: Laura Milkert

Norton Avenue may soon be a little friendlier to pedestrians, at least on the Roosevelt Park side.
The Roosevelt Park Downtown Development Authority discussed the possibility of installing a sidewalk on the north side of Norton Avenue from Maple Grove Road to Wickham Drive. The south side of Norton belongs to Norton Shores and there is already a sidewalk on the north side from Henry Street to Maple Grove.
At this stage, the city will request proposals for sidewalk designs from engineering firms, Roosevelt Park City Manager Anthony Chandler said. The engineers will figure out how to move some of the trees on Norton and how to make the sidewalk comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, he said.
“This is not a very big project, so I don’t think it will be very expensive in terms of the engineering requirements,” he said.
After an engineering firm draws up a plan and determines its approximate cost, the plan will go out for bids, Chandler said. The city will decide if it can lay the entire sidewalk at once or if it needs to split up the project to avoid straining its budget.
People often walk in the street or on the grass in that area of Norton, Chandler said.
“We definitely thought it would be a worthy project,” he said.

College of Charleston (26-13) at South Carolina State (11-21)
Tuesday, April 10 • 1 p.m. (doubleheader)
GLANCING AT THE COUGARS
The Cougars storm into the game as winners of nine straight as well as 16 of their last 18 contests. Over the nine-game win streak, the Cougars are batting .314 as a team and outscoring their opponents 55-8.
CofC is coming off a three-game sweep of Furman in which the Cougars didn't allow the Paladins a single run. The Cougars swept the doubleheader with a pair of 4-0 wins and then outlasted Furman for a 1-0 win in the series finale.
Stephanie Saylors (Easley, S.C.) was just named the Southern Conference Pitcher of the week for a league-best third time this season. In her 14 innings of work last week, Saylors sat down 15 hitters on strikes and only allowed six hits as she kept the Paladins completely off the scoreboard for a 0.00 ERA.
Saylors has now thrown complete games in her last 10 consecutive outings and has only allowed four total runs in her last 49 innings of work.
Her consistency has anchored the CofC pitching corps which now boasts the best team ERA in the SoCon at 1.95. The Cougars are second in the league in fielding percentage (.961) and third in batting average (.283).
On the season, Ashton Jarrett (Hanahan, S.C.) is leading the Cougars with a .337 batting average. She's shown her speed this season with team highs in bunt singles (11) and stolen bases (10).
Jarrett is second on the team to Carly Corthell (Reno, Nev.) in sacrifice bunts this season. The Cougars have been effective in executing the sacrifice bunt and have 52 this season, 20 more than the next closest team in the league. Corthell has laid down 10 sacrifice bunts herself which is a SoCon best as well.
Kelsey Hodgson (Woodstock, Ga.) leads the team in RBIs this season with a total of 24. She paces five other Cougars with double-digit RBI figures. Hodgson has also hit a team-high seven home runs. She and Lizzy Vaughn (Placerville, Calif.) both have three triples on the season which ties for a league high.
Seven different Cougars have already hit home runs this season.
SCOUTING THE BULLDOGS
SC State claims an 11-21 record on the season and is amidst a seven-game losing streak presently. The Bulldogs have won just three times in their last 13 tries.
SC State most recently was swept in a three-game Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference series to Bethune-Cookman last weekend.
The Bulldogs struggled to produce any offense and managed just 10 hits for two runs while allowing 24 runs for the Wildcats over the weekend.
Tiffany Harris leads the Bulldogs with her .345 batting average this season. She is one of four hitters over .300 in the lineup and joined by Mikala Johnson (.337), Kindrea McNeil (.333) and Arzine Lee (.322).
The Bulldog pitching staff combines for a 4.61 ERA this season. Vianney Gomez has shouldered the bulk of the innings and has a 4.18 ERA and 6-16 record after 135.2 innings pitched.
The Cougars lead the all-time series by a 33-2 margin with the last loss to the Bulldogs going back to 2003.
The teams met once this season at Patriots Point and the Cougars swept the doubleheader by 5-3 and 6-1 counts with a combined 25 hits between the two games.
Saylors and Hope Klicker (Walla Walla, Wash.) picked up wins in the pitching circle.
Amanda Lonergan (Pembroke Pines, Fla.) went 3-for-3 in the first game with an RBI and a double. Kristy Giragosian (Charlotte, N.C.) had a pair of RBIs in the second game by way of her first career home run and an executed squeeze bunt.
The Cougars return to action when they head to Statesboro, Ga., for a pivotal three-game SoCon series against first-place Georgia Southern. The squads will play a Saturday doubleheader beginning at 3 p.m. and then the single-game Sunday finale at 1 p.m.

Anger mounts against Australian radio station over royal hoax after nurse's death
LONDON (AP) — The British hospital that fell victim to a prank call from two Australian DJs asking questions about the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge condemned the hoax on Saturday, as the radio station behind the prank tried to defend itself against rising anger a day after the nurse who took the call was found dead.
The body of Jacintha Saldanha, 46, was found early Friday at nurses' housing provided by the London hospital where Prince William's wife, the former Kate Middleton, was being treated for acute morning sickness this week.
Police have made no connection between her death and the prank call, but people from London to Sydney have been making the assumption she died because of the stress.
The DJs have apologized for the hoax and taken the show off the air, but station 2day FM was forced to yank its Facebook page after it received thousands of angry comments and complaints have reportedly flooded into Australia's media regulator.
Rhys Holleran, CEO of 2DayFM's parent company Southern Cross Austereo, said the hosts were shocked and devastated by news of Saldanha's death.
"This is a tragic event that could not have been reasonably foreseen and we're deeply saddened by it," Holleran said during a news conference in Melbourne on Saturday. "I spoke to both presenters early this morning and it's fair to say they're completely shattered."
Greig and Christian have been offered counseling, Holleran said.
"These people aren't machines, they're human beings," he said. "We're all affected by this."
Holleran would not say who came up with the idea for the call, only that "these things are often done collaboratively." He said 2DayFM would work with authorities, but was confident the station hadn't broken any laws.
Lord Glenarthur, the chairman of King Edward VII's Hospital, wrote the chairman of the radio station's owner, saying the consequence of the prank "was the humiliation of two dedicated and caring nurses who were simply doing their job tending to their patients." Continued...
"The longer term consequence has been reported around the world and is, frankly, tragic beyond words," he wrote in the letter.
Police released a grainy photo of Saldanha on Saturday. A native of India, she had lived in Bristol in southwestern England with her family for the past nine years, Scotland Yard confirmed.
Police said her death is being treated as "unexplained," though they said they didn't find anything suspicious. A coroner will make a determination on the cause next week.
Flowers were left outside the hospital's nurses' building. Attached to the red, white and blue flowers, a note read: "Dear Jacintha, our thoughts are with you and your family. From all your fellow nurses, we bless your soul. God bless."
Britain's Press Association reported she had a partner, Benedict Barboza, and a teenage son and daughter. In a statement, Saldanha's family said they were "deeply saddened" by the death and asked for privacy.
"She was a lovely, lovely person who always spoke to you when you saw her in the street," neighbor Mary Atwell told the agency. "She fitted in well around here, they all did. They've lived here for at least 10 years and were very quiet and pleasant."
During the call, a woman using the often-mimicked voice of Britain's monarch asked about the duchess' health. She was told by the second nurse who took the call from Saldanha that the duchess, the former Kate Middleton, "hasn't had any retching with me and she's been sleeping on and off."
The Australian Communications and Media Authority, which regulates radio broadcasting, says it has received complaints about the prank and is discussing the matter with the Sydney-based station, though it has not yet begun an investigation.
The station has a history of controversy, including a series of "Heartless Hotline" shows in which disadvantage people were offered a prize that could be taken away from them by listeners.
St. James's Palace, the office of the duchess and her husband Prince William, expressed sadness at Saldanha's death, but insisted it had not complained about the hoax. King Edward VII's Hospital said it did not reprimand Saldanha, nor had plans to discipline her.
Location, ST | website.com
National News Videos
- Operation Weed Whacker: Delco men charged in nationwide pot ring (5022)
- Middletown man charged with helping hide evidence in Lanco killing (3773)
- Interboro board: Super’s services coming to a close (3045)
- Nick Foles upstages Michael Vick at Eagles practice (With Video) (2984)
- Yeadon native charged with killing husband in N.J. being investigated for 1993 death of prior husband (2111)
- Brett Favre jersey will be retired, Packers CEO says (1776)
- Missing Montco college student found safe (1724)
- Eagles' Jackson needs action to back talk (34)
- Interim Interboro superintendent is in hot water over bad language (With Video) (14)
- Former Springfield High wrestler charged with sex assault on boy (11)
- Primary 2013: Challenger pulls upset in Yeadon (6)
- Boys lacrosse: Joey Granahan’s effort preserves win for Garnet Valley in district tournament (6)
- Havertown resident one of three men to be ordained a priest on Saturday (With Video) (5)
Recent Activity on Facebook
Phil Heron uses this site to turn back the curtain a bit on the great mystery involved in creating a newspaper and his other general thoughts on life and the news.
Your daily wake up call with updated traffic, weather and few fun things to get you through the morning.
Presenting Chester City's news and views to Delco Times web visitors who want to know more of what's going on in the City besides the stories they read in the paper.
Promotes family friendly events and activities held in and around Delco on a weekly basis.
Cliff Wilson served as chairman of the Delaware County Democratic Party for 16 years (1994-2010). He will write on politics and other issues he feels strongly about.
Offers timely health advice for pets, behavioral tricks of the trade, follow-up success stories, and more. Updated regularly by ACDC's all-volunteer staff that includes long-time foster parents and pet owners who have years of experience.
Kent Davidson covers local politics, events, and goings-on in the borough of Media, PA.

Serious about outdoor adventure? Put the experts in your camp with Outdoor Research—designing and testing bivy sacks, jackets, gaiters, mittens, ditty bags and other professional-grade gear for camping, hiking, skiing and mountaineering since 1980.
Still can't find what you're looking for? Contact us for further assistance.
About Outdoor Research
If you're planning an outdoor expedition, from camping & hiking to snowboarding, you need Outdoor Research in your camp. Founded in the wake of a 1980 medical airlift out of Alaska's Denali National Park, Outdoor Research continues to make smart, practical and safety-oriented gear today.
Outdoor Research has earned the respect of professional guides since its inception. Find out why when you put their women's hats, women's jackets, women's gaiters and women's gloves and mittens to the test. Same goes for men's jackets, men's gaiters, men's hats, and men's gloves and mittens.
When you're outdoors, the little things mean a lot. Things like high-quality Outdoor Research ski gloves, hats and socks can make all the difference between an uncomfortable skiing adventure and a blissful wilderness experience.
Want to keep little ones' hands and heads warm, too? Check out the full line of Outdoor Research kids' mittens, gloves and balaclavas.
The company is deservedly famous for its bivy sacks and other ultralight shelters that will shave pounds from your pack but keep you dry in a downpour.
At REI you'll find top-rated and top-selling gear and clothing from Outdoor Research, plus plenty of sale & clearance deals and bargains.

We supported The Badger Trust's legal challenge of a badger cull in England and we are disappointed it was not successful, but the fight still goes on.
The Badger Trust has lost its Court of Appeal challenge to government proposals to kill thousands of wild badgers in England.
It clears the way for the start of culls in parts of Gloucestershire and Somerset.
RSPCA Chief Executive Gavin Grant, pictured above, said:
We are bitterly disappointed that the UK Government in England is ploughing on with plans to kill badgers but the fight is not over yet.
Stop the Cull campaign
The RSPCA, League Against Cruel Sports, Humane Society International (UK), Save Me (run by rock guitarist Brian May, pictured below), have joined together to form the Stop the Cull campaign.
The coalition of charities and a host of local campaign groups held a rally in Bristol yesterday in protest of the planned cull.
At the rally, Gavin Grant commented:
We joined Brian May, a coalition of charities and crowds of protestors at a public rally to put a stop to this cull as the start date draws near.
This ongoing Stop the Cull campaign is rapidly gaining momentum and public support – as we have seen by the number of people turning up today. It is time the government listened.
It needs to look at the science and the results achieved in Wales and change their policy to one of vaccination – let’s cure and not kill.
Scientific studies have shown that culling would be of little help in reducing bovine tuberculosis (bovine TB) in cattle and even suggest that it could make things worse in some areas.
The Stop the Cull campaign is pushing for the government to rethink their policy and implement a vaccination programme, along with increased levels of testing, improved farm biosecurity and stricter controls on the movement of cattle rather than culling 70 per cent of the badger population, the vast majority of which are disease free.
The Welsh government, using the same scientific evidence as Defra, has begun a five year vaccination programme of badgers in Wales.
Take action now

Renewing Physical Materials -- Books, DVDs, CDs, etc.
If items are not on hold for another customer, you may renew up to 5 times. Each renewal is for 3 weeks. If there is a request for the item by another customer, the 'Renewals Left' count will change to 0, and the renewal check box will not be avaialble. If all outstanding requests for the title have been filled, the display will change back to allow you to renew and show the correct number of renewals that you have.
Note: The items on this list should be listed according to due date. Items with the nearest due date will be listed at the top.
Renewing Electronic Media Materials -- eBooks, eAduioBooks, eMusic, eVideio, etc.
Electronic Media materials cannot be renewed. However, you may request them again and check them out if available.

Protest march through Croydon against Beddington Lane incinerator
Campaigners marched through town in protest against an incinerator, planned for the border of Sutton and Croydon, which would burn more than 200,000 tonnes of waste a year.
Organised by group Stop the Incinerator, around 100 protestors marched from Croydon University Hospital on Sunday May 13 to Croydon Town Hall, Katharine Street to highlight anger over plans for an incinerator on Beddington Lane.
Marching along London Road and North End, the group laid a wreath outside the town hall before holding rallying speeches at Queens Gardens.
Shasha Khan, a member of Croydon Green Party and Stop the Incinerator, said: “We laid the wreathe as a symbol to the death of democracy. It seems our council would rather serve the interests of corporations than its public.”
A full planning application for the incinerator is expected from waste management company Viridor in June.
The company was chosen to handle waste from Croydon, Kingston, Sutton and Merton by the South London Waste Partnership (SLWP), made up of members from each area’s council, at the end of last year.
Mr Khan added: “There were people from Sutton Merton and Croydon there. This is not a political matter – the ruling party in each council has given this the go-ahead because they are thinking about costs and the increasing price of landfill.
"We would like to see Conservative counsellors from Croydon step forward and join us to protest this plan.”
Coun Phil Thomas, cabinet member for environment and highways at Croydon Council and chairman of the SLWP , said: “The organisers of the march must have been disappointed by the turnout, most people were either Labour of Green Party members and the remainder of the people are those who like to go on marches."
He accused campaigners of spreading misinformation about the potential impact of an incinerator.
He said: “All they are interested in is scare-mongering.
“There are 400 plus facilities of this kind across Europe and the UK. Can they find anywhere in the world where they have cause any health problems?”

“It’s good that in Argentina there is a little bit of everything. There is the white and nearly all sorts of red ones. But, there is something important: every country must have its personality, and Malbec is the characteristic red wine in Argentina. This is a key for a winemaking country. Never anybody could say that Malbec isn’t good in Argentina; even not all of them are the same quality. We also may make Merlot, Tempranillo, Cabernet or Syrah, but the base of Argentine will always be Malbec”
Although Malbec seems to have found the ideal terroir to express its full varietal prowess in Argentina, its birthplace is France. There, this grape is known as Cot or Auxerroir and is mainly grown in the Cahors region. Due to its intense color and dark tones, French Malbec wines were dubbed “the black wines of Cahors”. However, it never achieved greatness in Europe.
Undoubtedly, soil an climate conditions in Argentina are more favourable than in its homeland, which is the reason why Malbec has become Argentina’s signature wine and its most planted red grape.
In Argentina, from Malbec come profound, full-bodied and structured wines. Plum is one of the characteristics of this variety. Aromas of black fruits, ripe cherry, red fruits, anise and violet during its youth evolve into aromas of cinnamon and touches of vanilla with ageing.
Mendoza hosts many Malbec types that suit the diversity of soil-climate combinations. It is possible to discover different and distinctive personalities resulting from the different types of soil they grow in. In order to develop its full potential, Malbec requires a wide variation of day and night time temperatures. Higher altitude terroirs yield wines with optimum acidity, lots of colors and sweet and abundant tannins, wines capable of aging wonderfully in barrels. Every country always has some wines that are a local myth. Here, this variety is Malbec.
Because of its uniqueness and the qualities that achieves in the soils of Mendoza, Malbec is the emblematic variety of Argentina and an important reference point of wines worldwide. Its grape stocks are versatile, thus it’s possible to make young wines, pink, sparkling wines and also some sort of wine to be aged in barrels during long periods. Its color is basically intense red, with shades of purple and blue, especially when they are young. We may recognize it for its fragrances that recall the smell of very mature plums or the marmalades of blackberry or cherry, when it’s young we can be impressed for a kind of harshness, if older; it will be a mature wine of deep complexity.
Its romance with wood will bring to our minds the aroma of chocolate, vanilla, leather and coffee. We may be sure that we are tasting Malbec when we feel a generous dark wine that is at the same time equilibrated and passionate. It is undoubtedly ours and we like to grind it to the world. It’s time to discover it and taste it personally.
National types of Malbec could be divided into three principal groups. We will give you some gastronomic combinations for each one.
-Young Malbec. It has an elegant fruity expression and touches of typical flowers like violet, joyful and middle aftertaste. This sort of red wine, which regularly doesn’t have any oak, matches with appetizers and all sort of snacks (with sausages and some cheese varieties), simple recipes (pizzas), meats in barbecue, pasta with tasty fishes from river, like those of the Litoral Zone.
- Malbec Rosé. Perfect to start lunch, an informal party or picnic and go on enjoying it in recipes with avocado, salty fishes (sardine, anchovies), liver with onions, chicken, turkey, marine rice, « paella » and food made with rabbit.
- Malbec aged slightly in wood (three or four months) enough time for strong bodied wine, even they don’t have the complexity taste of those that lied in cellar for a long time. The risotto with mashes, different ways of preparing the Patagonia lamb or lamb that comes from the « pampas » zone and meats with sausages are a good proposal to join this wine.
- Great Malbec. With not less than ten months ageing. Meals include hatchery and wild game (deer, wild boar, hare, pheasant, quail) and native wild meat (rhea, guanaco, flame) is enhanced with these red ripe, structured and complex.

Get $10 off a $30 or more purchase at Bath & Body Works with coupon code TENSHIP. This coupon code is valid until November 21, 2011. They have a few sales going on right now that you could pair with this coupon:
- Wallflowers and Scentportables 4 for $20 or 6 for $24.
- Wallflowers 2-pack refills $6. See how to reuse wallflowers.
- Signature Collection Body Care Buy 3, Get 2 Free.
Bath & Body Works also has a lot of more natural items to choose from, so be sure to look around and find a good deal. Let us know what you get!

In a ceremony commemorating Jordan's independence day, Taher al-Masri, head of the country's senate, spoke of the "state of two united banks," London-based al-Quds al-Arabi reported on Wednesday.
This is a rare and surprising statement, which may be interpreted as granting legitimization to the viewpoint that the Palestinian residents of the West Bank are part of the Hashemite Kingdom.
Speaking before an audience of some 1,000 people, including the royal family and Kind Abdullah II, al-Masri spoke of "the two united banks, with the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan emerging on both banks of the holy river."
After the outbreak of the First Intifada
in 1987, Jordan's late King Hussein renounced all territorial claims over the West Bank. Jordan repeatedly emphasized that it is a separate entity from the West Bank, and that a solution to the Palestinian problem will not take place in its borders.
Since then, Jordanian officials have not only abstained from making such statements, but have also expressed fury any time Israeli elements make similar claims such as "Jordan is the Palestinian state."
The Jordanians were outraged last year when Knesset Member Arieh Eldad (National Union) submitted a bill calling for two states for two peoples on either side of the Jordan River. Amman protested to the Israeli ambassador in Jordan, and parliament members called on the government to cut ties with Israel.
There are also those that may interpret al-Masri's comments as more than a claim to responsibility over the Palestinians, but also as territorial ambitions in the West bank. Jordan's official stance rejects any such claims in light of its peace agreement with Israel.

A place for me to be me. 23 y/o Canadian Oasis & Noel Gallagher fan who enjoys 80s-neon-retro-vintage, Zelda, Learning & Rainbows,
I enjoy words, people and how they function (both together and respectively) and i'm as honest as they come.
Cruise around and see what tickles my fancy - any questions, ANY questions.... Ask away! :)

April 4, 2011
One year later
April 10, 2010. It's been almost a year since D.J. Humphries received offer No. 1. That came from Clemson at last year's spring game. The Tigers led following that visit. Fast forward one year later and the now five-star recruit has 44 offers. Where do the Tigers stand now? What message is he getting from Dabo Swinney and Danny Pearman? And will he be in town any time soon?
...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now for a FREE Trial

This transcript is automatically generated
-- -- Today and house this for Christmas present bank up America's Merrill Lynch brokerage unit looking to save money by cutting broker compensation different that before.
But not -- CEO Brian morning Hannah has his way Charlie Gasparino on the CEO -- the lake city.
We -- when events.
It is pretty unusual to be cutting -- conversation that generally doesn't happens typically now there's a lot of competition for brokers so firms that -- -- but here's what we know recently inside Merrill Lynch's.
Brokerage Obama run by a guy named John -- this used to be the biggest brokerage apartment in the world -- Stanley as -- -- that given the Smith Barney.
Acquisition but it still considered Merrill -- is still considered the premiere brokerage -- brokers department.
On Wall Street John feel recently in an effort to save money -- every Wall Street -- is saving.
So looking to cut cause he came in and it's a -- pretty unusual.
He put out a new grade a propose a new grid that would drastically east reduce broker compensation.
His agency think everybody.
-- the did the rumor on Wall Street for years now.
Is that Brian Moran and hated the brokers write the CEO Bank of America -- -- Merrill Lynch unit hedging by his predecessor -- Ken Lewis.
But charter brokerage unit.
There's lots of talk.
Blew out Sally -- -- so we can essentially.
Remembered Sally went to to keep the broker compensation -- so you can basically put brokers on some sort of salary and the other thing something that they would really hate anyway.
It looks like it's not even -- He came to their defense and -- -- agency sort of -- morning came in and mixed the proposal from from John appeal to -- address we wrote lower broker compensation what did he do that.
Well in his words according people with them.
Direct knowledge of the situation.
Is that he wants to continue to probe pope's brokers for Morgan Stanley hi has its own problems as you know Morgan Stanley's technology problems.
These brokers -- brokers teams are leaving Morgan Stanley because of that.
So in order -- sort of capitalize on that.
Morning McCain to rescue said no they put out a new grade through the late last at least until -- artists are safe -- out.
The payment rate this is something different brokers and -- paid bonuses -- they may get some bonuses for what they're paid is on commissions and production.
And has agreed to tell you how much of that money that you produce so you wanna buy stock how what percentage of that -- -- keep.
That brokerage gravy is basically the same as was last year.
Is not been drastically -- and it's not -- reload this time Chris bright morning and it basically says you can't do it particularly as we hearing.
Another essentially at war I -- it is one of the biggest behind the scenes battles on Wall Street is the battle to poach brokers now why does anybody care out there well.
I do cover the weeds of Wall Street its interest in lot of reviewers work almost but only that.
Remember your broker can switch firms at any time you have a broker Merrill may go to Morgan this is some of the things that are going -- But now these guys out there might look and say well at least Merrill is keeping that -- structure in place I mean -- -- but their their compensation structure that may lure some top talent derelict and -- in that would hurt Morgan -- -- particularly if you're a stockholder Morgan Stanley would you worried about.
James Gorman the CEOs made it pretty clear their business model is based on the brokers producing more becoming a bigger part of -- -- Not taken too much for -- brokers dealing with small investors if those brokers are leaving to Merrill Lynch and other places.
And this is one reason why they might that brokerage greed is going to be the same for awhile well guess what that's gonna hurt Morgan Stanley stock price we take a look at those.
Put -- both pretty ugly stuff although I'd certainly -- they've been great performers problem.
I would Tiffany for recently did a great performs a new -- -- -- will start at 2012 that was when everybody don't don't look good look at the in the.
Can you look at that a little closer.
OK let's sit -- August.
That's when we had the right right yeah but -- since January to April that was a nice run up to -- -- but it came back down again -- as you remember the days Charlie we're down at the New York Stock Exchange.
Companies like Harry -- used to set up pop up stores so that these guys could get their bonuses and literally walk.
Right to the pop up stores on the floor action like you actually don't remember that that was in 1998.
The heyday really it.
That was well they hate the other broker was the floor broker you're talking about then get those guys I believe that was later -- Let me gathering of over 99 was right before -- -- don't have the New York Stock Exchange.
Business exclusive keeping compensation -- place at Merrill thanks to prime -- him.
Brokerage compensation corporate compensation -- everybody else get -- this you start.
But at a.

Read your email with ease from within your web browser.
SSH to BigW.org
Connect encrypted to BigW.org from anywhere in the world with
web access. Requires a Java-compatible browser. You will note
that this is buggy, fairly slow, and the screen may not update correctly.
Big W Help File
Covers basic Unix commands, how to use e-mail,
set up a Web page, and more.
Web Log Statistics
You can now monitor the traffic of your web sites online.
The History of BigW

Magnolia Pictures // 2008 // 119 Minutes // Rated R
Reviewed by Judge David Johnson // May 14th, 2010
How can you go wrong with a movie about a Tsunami warrior? Watch and learn.
These days some of the most unique and exciting action films have been coming out of Thailand. This latest release has the former covered, but the latter is MIA.
I'm going to do my best with the synopsis, because The Legend of the Tsunami Warrior is surprisingly convoluted for a movie that is essentially about a guy who talks to fish.
Here's what we know: there's a princess who rules over a pretty awesome city, which can only be attacked by sea. An evil prince teams up with an evil pirate named Black Raven to launch a full-scale assault and assume the throne. Everyone is after a magic super cannon. And before the great battle concludes a man will ride a giant stingray and attack pirates with whales.
The only Tsunami this Warrior created for me was a tidal wave of disappointment. I may not be completely off the Thai actioner bandwagon, but an overproduced headache like this film does little to convince me to stay on board.
To be fair, Tsunami Warrior shouldn't be categorized with the Ong Bak franchise or bad-ass weirdness like Fireball; this is a fantasy action movie, with the emphasis on the fantasy. You've got dueling wizards and CGI attack fish and aquatic spell-casting and loads of wirework. Grounded martial arts, this is not. Which is fine of course, if the fantasy detailed here wasn't so 1) convoluted or 2) goofy.
The filmmakers have worked extraordinarily hard to craft a deep mythology, utilizing opening title cards, extensive doses of exposition delivered by wise, old men with wrinkly bosoms and flashbacks. But it's all sizzle and gristle, amounting to a basic clichéd story about a Chosen One and his journey to achieve his full potential (i.e., swimming) and an aggressor fighting against an innocent city ruled by an attractive princess. Those two hours of runtime have to be filled with something, though, and that something just hurts my brain.
I could get past the nonsense storyline if there was some kick-ass action to be the award for my efforts. Well there's not and that's my biggest gripe with Tsunami Warrior. The melee-to-mythology ratio is grossly out of whack, with only a small amount of action scenes showing up to break the monotonous stranglehold of the tedious narrative. An assault on the pirate's hideout has some meat to it, but the over-reliance on wirework hurts the effect, a sword fight early on is well-staged but boring in its choreography and the big smackdown at the end is a middling visual effect cluster-F, capped by a ludicrous finale with whales (even though it was made clear that our hero can only talk to "fish").
Good Blu-ray, though. The 1.78:1 transfer is clean and sharp and as much as the overdone production design struck me as too busy, it does look pretty awesome in high-def. The believability of the visual effects takes a hit in the enhanced resolution, however, especially the naval battle finale, where the individual ships look like something lifted from a Metal Gear cut-scene. Audio comes courtesy of a pair of 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio tracks (Thai and English) and both are effective, though as the rule of thumb goes, opt for the original language track with the subtitles; the dubbing here is as corny as one would expect. Two extras: behind-the-scenes footage and a decent making-of featurette.
I hate to dump on the Thai action movie establishment, but Tsunami Warrior is washed up. Also, the movie is rated R, but it's a very, very soft R.
Guilty. Glub glub.
Review content copyright © 2010 David Johnson; Site layout and review format copyright © 1998 - 2013 HipClick Designs LLC
Scales of Justice
Studio: Magnolia Pictures
* 1.78:1 Non-Anamorphic (1080p)
* DTS HD 5.1 Master Audio (English)
* DTS HD 5.1 Master Audio (Thai)
* English (SDH)
Running Time: 119 Minutes
Release Year: 2008
MPAA Rating: Rated R

Is money important in a partner? It depends who you ask
It's a long-held stereotype that women want a husband who can buy them diamonds and fancy cars, while men just want a wife who takes care of all the household chores.
But research for thinkmoney, carried out by Opinium Research, suggests that the stereotypes may be all wrong. When people were asked what they look for in a potential partner, a good sense of humour came on top all round - and a high salary didn't even figure in the top five.
67% of those attracted to women said a good sense of humour is one of the attributes they look for in a partner, while 73% of people attracted to men said the same.
Intelligence also ranked highly - 2nd for those attracted to women, and 3rd for those attracted to men.
A high salary, on the other hand, ranked just 9th for both men and women. 4% of people attracted to women and 6% of people attracted to men considered this a priority.
So have we been getting it wrong all along? Well, it depends who you believe. Although people gave the answers above about themselves, a high salary ranked much more highly when people were asked what they think other men and women desire in a partner.
16% of men thought other men look for a partner with a big salary - 7th on the leaderboard. And some 37% of women believe other women look for a partner with a high salary - 2nd only to good looks (51%).
Either men and women don't trust their friends, or they just don't like to admit how much they'd like a partner who earns lots of money!
Amongst other interesting findings, the research found that just 11% of men prioritise good cooking when looking for a partner. And just 8% of women think that being well-dressed is an important feature in a man.
Search for a job
Search for a car
Search for a house
Weather for Eastbourne
Sunday 19 May 2013
Temperature: 9 C to 14 C
Wind Speed: 13 mph
Wind direction: North east
Temperature: 11 C to 15 C
Wind Speed: 14 mph
Wind direction: North west

Studiocare Professional Audio Ltd
Unit 9, Century Buildings, Summers Road, Brunswick Business Park
|Mon - Fri :||09:30-17:30|
|Sat - Sun :||Closed|
With many years of experience in professional audio supply, Studiocare offers an extensive range of services including hire, installations, sales and service.
Studiocare is well equipped to cater for all sizes of event, both indoor and outdoor. Studiocare provides bespoke sound and lighting for intimate weddings through to festival sized systems for large-scale outdoor concerts and roadshows.
Of particular note, Studiocare is proud to supply PA systems for many of the Cancer Research UK Race for Life events across the North-West and Midlands.
Studiocare is a member of the Funktion One Rental Network and stocks a wide range of Funktion One systems for hire.
Studiocare’s engineers have tried and tested many of the speakers and amplifiers on the market over the years. Studiocare is confident clients will not be disappointed with its hire range which includes Funktion One, d&b audiotechnik, Martin Audio, JBL, Fohhn, MC2, Lab Gruppen and Crown. Studiocare also stocks for hire XTA, BSS, Drawmer, Yamaha, TC Electronics and DBX amongst others. Studiocare's Martin Lighting equipment for hire includes the Atomic Strobe, Raptor and Wizard Extreme.
Studiocare is perfectly placed to service the demands of the UK club and festival markets, holding the country’s largest hire stock of Pioneer Pro DJ equipment including the CDJ2000, DJM900 Nexus and DJM2000. With their reputation for reliability and service, many of the UK’s leading promoters, venues and DJs have come to trust and rely on Studiocare's first rate hire service. Studiocare hire equipment can be found at events such as Global Gathering, Creamfields, Glastonbury Festival and Lake of Stars.
Recent customer reviewsView all 23 Reviews
|A fantastic service, everything delivered and collected with great efficiency and great value for money to top things off!|
|Christian Balistrari - Putney|
|Nice guys, genuinely interested in what I was doing.|
|Our organisation (South Liverpool Domestic Abuse Services) hired a PA system from Studiocare for an event we were hosting in Liverpool city centre. This was organised fairly late in the day and I found all the staff I spoke to at Studiocare extremely helpful and very professional. They explained all the equipment options very clearly. On the day they arrived as expected and there were no issues. I would definitely recommend them. I have only graded them as satisfactory in terms of value for money because I'm not familiar with how much equipment such as this normally costs - we went to them on recommendation. However, I would say customer service is everything and they were great.|
|Firts class service. Prompt and professional - would recommend to anyone in the music industry.|
Company response : Many thanks for the DJM909 hire for the Scratch Perverts. I hope we can help you again soon :)
|I hired decks and a mixer from Studio Care. |
Despite the late booking and pick up, the team accomadated what I needed and when I needed it. Excellent customer service and support.
|I hired a couple of top class pieces of outboard and a mic, both were delivered and collected conveniently. The staff were friendly, enthusiastic and helpful. |
I will definitely be using their services again.
Company response : Thank you David. We hope to hear from you again soon.
|Couldn't of asked for anymore from Studiocare when renting x2 CDJ 2000's. |
Really helpful service and I will be using them again.
|Fast friendly service and the kit was in good condition. We will be using them again for our event hire kit and happy to recommend to anyone... Especially if you're looking for a rare mixer needed next day! Thanks for the help.|
|An outstanding service with exceptional value. I wouldnt use anyone else.|
|Jonathan Mcinally - Liverpool|
|I have worked with Studiocare for 4 years now.. |
they provide me with every possible combinations of equipment for the pickiest of riders.
i will never buy another piece of equipment!
knowledgeable and friendly guys.. they always meet my requirements..
now they have funktion 1 too.. they have everything.

I think she would feel more at home in Iran than in America. She can attend the executions of gays there in person! Pose with the corpses as they're left hanging from street lamps and make it her Facebook profile pic.
Well this is just something that people believe. Respect it. Gays want respect about their sexuality, but too many of them don't want to respect Christian beliefs so instead they make a mockery out of them.
I will NEVER respect intolerance and hatred. NEVER. Gays die every day around the world because of people like this woman. I don't give two ****s if it's written in some irrelevant, outdated book, I don't give two ****s if it's your religion or belief. If you can't tell wrong from right then you are completely deluded and I will not stop until you have no power and cannot act upon your intolerance or influence other people to do the same. I won't put a gun to your head and force you to like gay people, but over my dead body will I let you preach hatred to the world.
And there's a difference between accepting homosexuality as OK and being afraid of it. The word homophobia is thrown around as if to say these people are "afraid" of gay people. There are people who are Christian, Non-Christian, whatever who agree that homosexuality is wrong. And I just think people need to respect that.
Homophobia does not imply fear, just because it has "phobia" in it does not mean that it is associated with fear.
And those people are ****ing deluded, backwards and idiotic. You can't pass judgement on something over which there is no choice. That would be like saying "black people are wrong". Guess what, a lot of people did say that. And they enslaved black people, and killed them. I guess we should respect that too.

Delegate forms have been mailed to the clubs. You may check here to see if your club delegate form has been received by Central Office. A PDF file of the delegate form is available if the original has been misplaced.
NOTE: Delegate Forms MUST be postmarked no later than Wednesday, May 1, 2013.
The delegate fee is $30.00 per club.
CFA ANNUAL AWARDS BANQUET
The CFA Annual Awards Banquet will be held on Saturday, June 29th, 2013 in conjunction with the CFA Annual Meeting. The cocktail hour, with a cash bar, will be from 4:30 p.m. to 6:00 p.m., and dinner will be served at 6:00 p.m. There will be a Celebration Party and Dance following the awards presentation.
The following CFA Breed Councils have scheduled a breakfast meeting: American Shorthair and Siamese.
The Winn Foundation Symposium will have a cash bar, and light refreshments.
The 35th Annual Winn Feline Symposium:

I have document library named Pages where all my pages are there. Every page of this library has rating control. The rating Column of the library shows stars for pages which confirms that the ratings ...
(I'm using SharePoint 2010) I have a Pages library on which I attached a custom "AnEvent" content type who inherits from the Article Page content type. The "AnEvent" content type contains a start ...
publishingWeb.PagesList.EnableModeration = false; publishingWeb.PagesList.EnableVersioning = true; publishingWeb.PagesList.MajorVersionLimit = 10; publishingWeb.PagesList.EnableMinorVersions = false; ...
I'm currently working on moving our current website from Dreamweaver to SharePoint, and I have a requirement to have an .htm file at the root of my SP2010 site. The reason is that we have software ...

MEMPHIS, TN (abc24.com) - The feds are investigating what's believed to be a tax scam operating in northern Mississippi. It's all about people claiming they bought fuel efficient cars to get bigger income tax refunds. Those under investigation may never have bought a fuel efficient car, or even a car.
The criminal division of the Internal Revenue Service is trying to get to the bottom of what is going on in Holly Springs, Mississippi.
Holly Springs Police Chief William Hollowell says one woman has cashed at least six checks from the federal government, totaling more than $6,000, since July. The money is believed to be IRS tax credits for fuel efficient cars. The checks, all made out to different people, all went to the same apartment.
No one answered the door at that apartment, but neighbors have never heard of the people whose names were on the checks even though they are supposed to live next door.
Truth is this is a low income government housing complex. Many people don't have cars or have older cars. Residents say if brand new fuel efficient cars were in the parking lot they'd know it.
Hollowell says the checks were cashed at the Holly Springs Walmart. Store security discovered what was going on and called police.
Police are taking their findings and turning them over to IRS Criminal Investigations.
Investigators are still trying to figure out how many checks were cashed and how many people are involved. Truth is this could be one person stealing people's identities to cash in, or the people issued the checks could be in on it.

Toshiba Satellite A505-S6040 TruBrite 16.0-Inch Laptop (Black/Silver)February 9th, 2010 | Posted by in Toshiba
Toshiba Satellite A505-S6040 TruBrite 16.0-Inch Laptop (Black/Silver) for Sale
For all you want to see, hear and experience, the Satellite A505 laptop delivers serious style, luxurious entertainment and punched up performance across a broad, brilliant HD TruBrite display. Tap into major horsepower for fast multi-tasking, innovative A/V advancements to amplify your media, plus a suite of user-inspired features to keep you more mobile, productive and creative. Or break free, wirelessly, as you connect, browse, share and chat face-to-face—better than ever. Unlike others in its class, this PC rocks premium components and a glam look, yet won’t slam your pocketbook. Yes, it’s a great big high-def world out there. And the Satellite A505 laptop let’s you roll with it.
- 2.8GHz Intel Core i7-720QM Processor
- 6GB 204-Pin DDR3 SO-DIMM Memory
- 500GB Serial ATA Hard Disk Drive (7200RPM); Slot-loading DVD SuperMulti Drive with Labelflash
- 16″ CCFL (16:9) 1366×768 Display; NVIDIA GeForce GT 330M Graphics
- Window 7 Home Premium 64-bit
Toshiba Satellite A505: 16-Inch Screen for Mobile HD Entertainment
Replace your desktop PC with the Toshiba Satellite A505-S6040, which features a 16-inch diagonal HD TruBrite widescreen LED-backlit display, touchpad with multi-touch control, and a dual-layer DVD±RW drive that burns CDs and offers Labelflash print functionality. The bright 16-inch LCD (1366 x 768) offers a true 16:9 aspect ratio and 720p native high-definition resolution, and the A505 is great for using as a media center with the touch-sensitive media keys placed above the keyboard. And it’s sure to stand out in the crowd thanks to the stunning Fusion Finish in Quantum Black.
The A505′s brilliant high-gloss Fusion finish in Quantum Black is sure to turn heads.
The 16-inch A505 has a 104-key keyboard (with 10-key pad) and lighted, touch-sensitive multimedia controls (see larger image).
Thanks to the built-in webcam and Toshiba Face Recognition software on this machine, you’ll enjoy a more convenient way to communicate, log on or share your laptop among the family. Other high-tech features include a power-saving Eco Utility to help reduce power consumption based on your needs, USB Sleep-and-Charge port, and a hard drive impact sensor that protects your data.
Pre-installed with the Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium operating system (64-bit version), you’ll be able to easily create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. Windows 7 is the easiest, fastest, and most engaging version of Windows yet. Better ways to find and manage files, like Jump Lists and improved taskbar previews, help you speed through everyday tasks. Windows 7 is designed for faster and more reliable performance, so your PC just works the way you want it to.
- 16-inch widescreen TruBrite HD LED-Backlit display not only renders stunning visuals, but it’s more environmentally friendly as it uses less power (1366 x 768 resolution, 16:9 aspect ratio).
1.6 GHz Intel Core i7-720QM processor (with Turbo Boost Technology up to 2.80 GHz) delivers maximum processing power in response to peak demands. Intel’s Turbo Boost technology maximizes speed for demanding applications, dynamically accelerating performance to match your workload–providing more performance when you need it the most. It also comes equipped with Intel HD Graphics–an advanced video engine that delivers smooth, high-quality HD video playback, and advanced 3D capabilities, providing an ideal graphics solution for everyday computing.
- 500 GB Serial ATA hard drive (5400 RPM) with an impact sensor that helps safeguard your data by “parking” the hard drive heads in the event of a drop or sudden movement.
- 6 GB of RAM (DDR3; 1066 MHz; upgradeable to 8 GB)
- NVIDIA GeForce GT 330M with 1 GB of dedicated DDR3 video memory (up to 2747 MB of total available graphics memory) provides up to 10 times the performance of integrated graphics with amazing visuals and Windows 7 compatibility. Let your GPU do the work for video playback with NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology–helping extend battery life, reducing fan noise, and freeing the CPU for multitasking.
- 8x SuperMulti DVD drive with double layer support and Labelflash printing, which enables you to personalize your discs and keep them looking attractive and organized with direct-to-disc laser printing.
- 1.3 megapixel webcam with Face Recognition capabilities for added security. And if you’re using one laptop for several users–say for the whole family or for a small business–Toshiba Face Recognition lets you switch profiles with one simple look.
- Harman Kardon stereo speakers bring an added dimension to music, movies and gaming with rich, immersive virtual surround sound.
- Dolby Sound Room combines a suite of technologies to deliver truly stunning virtual surround listening from your two laptop speakers, or on headphones for a more immersive private performance. You’ll savor super-realistic dialogue and explosions, along with deeper, fatter bass and brighter treble tones.
- Wireless-N Wi-Fi networking (802.11b/g/n) for greater speed and range.
- Fast Ethernet (10/100)
- 5-in-1 memory card reader compatible with Secure Digital, Secure Digital High Capacity, Memory Stick, Memory Stick PRO, Multi Media Card, xD Picture Card
- ExpressCard (34/54) slot lets you take advantage of thinner, faster, and lighter expansion cards for even more advanced wireless, networking, storage, and security features.
- Four total USB ports with one eSATA/USB combo port that also features Sleep and Charge capabilities, allowing you to charge your mobile phone and other devices even when the notebook is asleep or off.
- HDMI-CEC audio/video output lets you control additional media players with just a single remote. A standard analog VGA video output is also included.
- Enjoy proactive PC health–without the worry. For your peace mind, this laptop comes with an innovative PC Health Monitor that constantly keeps tabs on things like your machine’s power usage, temperature and hard drive–so you won’t have to.
Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. And you can watch shows for free when and where you want with Internet TV on Windows Media Center. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.
- Get more features with Windows Anytime Upgrade. It’s the best way to add features to Windows 7, takes as few as ten minutes, requires no software or downloads, and you’ll keep your existing programs, files, and settings. Windows will walk you through the simple upgrade process.
- Pre-loaded software includes Microsoft Works SE 9.0 for word processing and spreadsheet work. Enjoy a 60-day trial version of Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007.
- 6-cell (5200 mAh) battery
- Dimensions: 15.1 x 10.2 x 1.61 inches (WxDxH)
- Weight: 6.48 pounds
- Warranty: One-year limited hardware warranty
- Energy Star 5.0 certified
- Gold EPEAT designation for meeting standards to help reduce its environmental impact.
- RoHS compliant effectively reducing the environmental impact by restricting the use of lead, mercury and certain other hazardous substances
What’s in the Box
This package contains the Toshiba Satellite A505-S6040 notebook PC, rechargeable lithium-ion battery, AC adapter, and operating instructions.
It also comes with the following software: Norton Internet Security 2010 (30-day trial), Toshiba PC Health Monitor, Microsoft Works, Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 Edition (60-day trial), Windows Media Player, Corel DVD Movie Factory, Google Toolbar, Google Picasa, PowerCinema, WildTangent Orb Game Console
Toshiba Satellite A505-S6040 TruBrite 16.0-Inch Laptop (Black/Silver) Customer Review

Commerce Department to Work with ICANN and VeriSign to Enhance the Security and Stability of the Internet's Domain Name and Addressing System
WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) announced today that the two agencies are working with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) and VeriSign on an initiative to enhance the security and stability of the Internet. The parties are working on an interim approach to deployment, by year's end, of a security technology -- Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) -- at the authoritative root zone (i.e., the address book) of the Internet. There will be further consultations with the Internet technical community as the testing and implementation plans are developed.
The Domain Name and Addressing System (DNS) is a critical component of the Internet infrastructure. The DNS associates user-friendly domain names (e.g., www.commerce.gov) with the numeric network addresses (e.g., 18.104.22.168) required to deliver information on the Internet, making the Internet easier for the public to navigate. The accuracy, integrity, and availability of the data supplied by the DNS are essential to the operation of any system or service that uses the Internet. Over the years, vulnerabilities have been identified in the DNS protocol that threaten the authenticity and integrity of the DNS data. Many of these vulnerabilities are mitigated by DNSSEC, which is a suite of Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) specifications for securing information provided by the DNS.
"The Internet is an ever-increasing means of communications and commerce, and this success is due in part to the Internet domain name and addressing system," said Acting NTIA Administrator Anna M. Gomez. "The Administration is committed to preserving the stability and security of the DNS, and today's announcement supports this commitment."
"NIST has been an active participant within the international community in developing the DNSSEC protocols and has collaborated with various U.S. agencies in deploying DNSSEC within the .gov domain," said Cita M. Furlani, director of NIST's Information Technology Laboratory. "Signing the root will significantly speed up the global deployment of DNSSEC and enhance the security of the Internet."
The NTIA in the U.S. Department of Commerce serves as the executive branch agency principally responsible for advising the President on communications and information policies. For more information about the NTIA, visit www.ntia.doc.gov.
As a non-regulatory agency, NIST promotes U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science, standards and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve our quality of life. For more information visit, www.nist.gov.
# # #

Southern cities get air link - Bangkok Post
Writer: ACHADTAYA CHUENNIRAN
Published: 21/09/2009 at 12:00 AM
Newspaper section: News
PHUKET : The major southern cities of Phuket and Hat Yai are receiving a new air link, offering an alternative to what is now a seven-hour bus journey. New airline Happy Air is poised to launch the Phuket-Hat Yai service on Oct 26. The travel time between the two locations will be 40 minutes. Happy Air sales and marketing manager Patcharapol Sonthipan said the airline had secured aviation permits from the Department of Aviation. He said Happy Air was positioning itself as a premium-service airline which was targetting tourists and business travellers. The airline also plans to fly to the Malaysian resort island of Langkawi.
Mr Patcharapol said the air service would provide faster alternative for travellers travelling between Phuket and Hat Yai, the commercial district of Songkhla. Mr Patcharapol said the Phuket-based airline would operate two twin turboprop SAAB 340A aircraft, with 34 seats. The planes are leased from a Swedish company. Happy Air will offer daily flights between Phuket and Hat Yai and three times a week between Phuket and Langkawi. The Phuket-Langkawi flights will also begin in late October.

Ensure your barbeque never run out of gas again
Never eat raw snags again with a gas bottle gauge for just $19! Hook it on to any standard 9kg bottle and it gets an exact reader of how much gas you have left! Includes delivery to your door!
- Ensure your barbeque never run out of gas thanks to a trusty gas bottle gauge!
- Don’t pay $39, today it’s yours for only $19
- Thanks to the power of scales, this nifty device will weigh your bottle and provide you with a quick and accurate indication of how much gas you have left
- All you need to do is connect the hook to the top of your bottle and lift!
- Perfect for your standard 9kg bottle
- That’s not to mention delivery to your door that is also yours at no extra cost!
Buy as many as you like!
Karno is a 100% owned Australian business which sources quality products that meet the demographics and demands of online websites.
- Buy as many as you like
- You will be required to give your shipping details to Cudo at time of checkout
- Cannot ship to PO box addresses
- Please allow up to 42 days for delivery from 27th September
- Delivery is Australia-wide only
- Not redeemable for cash
Not valid with any other offer

Welcome to LCHS Department of Health and Physical Education!!
Our department dedicates itself to offering appropriate educational experiences and activities.The experiences are designed to enhance moral, intellectual, emotional, social and physical growth in the students. Activities utilized in class are created to help students acquire self-esteem & self-discipline, encourage honesty & differences, and develop skills for personal fitness, recreational games and physical/health well-being.
Locations: ALL Physical Education classes are in Activity as of April 24
Mr. Holmes 10th grade is in Family Life Education [starting 5-06-13]
Last Modified on May 6, 2013
Loudoun County High School • 415 Dry Mill Road SW Leesburg, VA 20175 • P:(571) 252-2000 • F: (571) 252-2001

Anyone except the expectant couple — though Miss Manners might disagree. Formal etiquette says that someone who's not a relative must throw the shower to avoid having it look as though the family is asking for presents.
Our advice? Ignore traditional rules. Any relative, close friend, or close co-worker should feel perfectly okay about planning a baby shower.
Most baby showers happen before the baby is born. Any time after conception is fine, but a shower makes for a welcome diversion toward the end of pregnancy. Besides, it just doesn't seem real if the expectant mom isn't sporting a big belly.
When setting a date for the party, consult with the parents-to-be first. They may be able to warn you about scheduling conflicts. You may have to accommodate the schedules of grandparents, for example, even if they aren't the guests of honor. Nothing is worse than planning a party and sending out invitations (see below), only to find out that the most important people can't make it.
If you decide to schedule a shower for after the baby is born, that's fine, too. Then guests can bring gifts specific to the baby's sex. And with a baby as the centerpiece, you'll have a surefire icebreaker and conversation topic.
If you're hosting the shower, you may have some ideas about the guest list. It's best to consult with the guest or guests of honor before finalizing your list, though, to avoid leaving out someone important or inviting someone the mom (or dad) would rather not include.
Although many baby showers still follow the "for women only" tradition, baby showers for both women and men are growing in popularity. It all depends on what sort of gathering you're planning.
If the shower is for a second or subsequent baby (these babies deserve a celebration, too!), the guest list is usually made up of close friends and family and anyone else from the expectant parents' wider circle of friends.
Another party-planning consideration: Think long and hard before choosing to throw a surprise party. If your guest of honor doesn't like surprises, you may be putting her in an awkward position. Besides, if you let the future parents in on the arrangements, you can be confident that they'll be pleased with the outcome.

For years now I've been thinking about going forth and ordaining. I've already renounced most of my possessions; my lifestyle is very simple and clutter free. And I don't see myself having a problem giving up everything else, like my computer, my iPod, or my hair. I don't have a girlfriend, kids, or a big social life. I don't fit in most social circles because I don't like partaking in idle chatter or reckless behavior. I was this way even before I started calling myself a "Buddhist."
But the one thing that stops me from completely letting go is fear...
- I fear that I may miss my parents.
- I fear that I may lose the handful of friends that I have.
- I fear that I may miss out on career opportunities (even though they'll likely only lead to more dukkha and frustration)
- And I especially fear the future.
A side of me really wishes I could get over this hindrance because I know being free of it would lead to a greater happiness, and I could be more productive, and help spread the Dhamma and Metta to others. But I don't know...
What are your thoughts?

Monday-Friday 8:30-5*, Saturday (By Appt.), *(Evenings by Appt.)
About This Insurance Agent
Liberty Mutual offers a wide range of cost-effective insurance products I can tailor to meet your individual needs. I attended California State University, Sacramento and majored in Humanities. I am married with 2 children. At Liberty Mutual we are committed to offering affordable insurance programs to help you lead a safer more secure life. Email me or phone me to learn more about our complete coverage plans designed to protect you, your home, and your automobile.

You do not appear to have Adobe Flash installed.
You are not logged in. If you sign up for an account,
you can gain additional voting power over time, allowing your vote to have an even
greater impact on submission scores!
Gay or funny?
I'm officially scared
This is aweful
You could be a great artist if you didn't make this hateful $#*!.
i liked the banana part!
Holly S awesome!!!!
Ok this was funnier than hell!!!! Goddamn Steve you are great at this stuff. Keep it up.
OMFG! LOLZ! XD
The 8-bit spring
Ninja Action 2: Katzenfleisch
Mak has a parasite and needs to get rid of it.
newgrounds.com — Your #1 online entertainment & artist community! All your base are belong to us.

Dehumanation- Fair Hill, MD Metal / Black Metal / Death Metal
Members: Matthew Kelly
Bio: Dehumanation: Black-death metal with menacing industrial overtones. Dehumanation is a one-man band created by Matthew Kelly. Originally conceived in 1995 as a punk-industrial crossover project, the focus of the music shifted sharply towards metal when the industrial genre became saturated with “c... See Full BioMore Info
StatusCheck the store for two new downloads and one physical CD release.
SongsPlay All | Queue All | Share All
Thanks for the support! Aleister FAUST's official Website: www.deathmetal.it Facebook: www.facebook.com/faustpgd MySpace: www.myspace.com/faustband2 Reverbnation:...
Good stuff here Matt!! Check out TANTRUM @ reverbnation.com/tantrumental when you've got a few seconds!
Hails,greetings from Paraguay lml
Much respect for you and your music. Katatura - Technical Death Metal for your Head.
Chained And Desperate
Complete CHAOS !!!!
make 2013 a break out year!
Be the first to ask Dehumanation a question!
Song Plays 1,580
Video Plays 72
Total Fans 1,588
ReverbNation Fans 222
Facebook Likes 317
Twitter Followers 62
MySpace Friends 987
Widget Impressions 8,609

- About - Who is Lynn?
- Beginner's - Start Here
- Family History Writing Challenge
- The Corner Store
- Writing Your Family History
- Helpful Research Tips
- Irish Genealogy for Beginners
- Old Fashioned Recipe Collection
- The Family History Blog to Book Project
- Tools for the Family History Writer
- Mind Mapping for Genealogists
- 2013 Genealogy Conferences
- Advertise Here
8 Tips and A Tool for Self-Editing Your Family History Blog
When you write a book you have the luxury of completing all your writing and revisions upfront and then pay a professional editor to help you fine tune it before you head to publishing. In the world of blogging you hit publish each and every week, sometimes several times a week with little time and attention for edits.
Each time we click publish, we want to present ourselves in a professional light. Yet each and every week we are faced with deadlines, schedules and life’s chaos. Our weekly posts can sometimes be done in a rather rushed and hap-hazard manner.
Regardless of whether you are following the family history blog to book project, or writing a how-to genealogy blog, editing your blog posts shouldn't be a quick once over. We are all guilty of not taking time when it comes to the editing process.
While spell check is a wonderful thing it shouldn't be your only method of editing your blog posts. Below are some tips and tools to help you edit your blog posts in a more organized fashion. After reading over the tips be sure to download the Peer and Self-Editing Worksheet, a tool to help you identify any weaknesses in your blog posts before you hit publish.
8 Tips to Self-Editing Your Family History Blog Posts
1. Walk Away – Give your post time to sit. After having written and revised my blog post several times, I walk away from it. Sometimes for a few hours, sometimes for the remainder of the day but never any longer than a day. This time away helps me to come back to it with a fresh perspective, a clear head and this in turn allows me to see my message more clearly and recognize any errors.
2. Read it Out Loud – several times, first looking at it from a story perspective. Does it follow a natural progression, is the story clear. Read it slowly and out loud making sure you say every word. Often we know the post so well we tend to read the sentence without really seeing the words. If I stumble over a sentence that's usually a signal to me that perhaps that sentence needs some attention.
3. Remove Unnecessary Words – this is a biggy for me. I also find the more I work on this the more I am aware of it in my initial writing. Say what you need to say in as few words as possible.
4. Read It Out Loud Again- I can't stress this enough. This time around focusing on complete sentences grammar and punctuation.
5. Complete A Grammar Edit - Are you using everyday language? Is your punctuation correct? I keep The Little Red Writing Book close by for easy look ups and a refresher for structure, style and grammar.
6. A Peer Edit - If I have the time or I'm finding a post particularly challenging, I'll ask a friend or family member to review my post. A second set of eyes is always best for editing but not always practical in blogging. Find yourself a blogging buddy who will exchange peer edits.
7. Don’t Sweat It – If you catch an error after hitting publish or a reader picks up on an error go back in and correct it and move on. Don't beat yourself up about it.
8. Use The Peer and Self-Editing Worksheet - Print this worksheet off and keep it handy when you are self-editing your blog posts or better yet send it to friend, a fellow blogger and ask them to be a peer editor.
Do you have any tips or tricks for self-editing your blog posts? Share them in comments.

Stonington — Pequot Trail near Wheeler Drive is still closed tonight following an afternoon accident but police expect the road will be open by this morning.
While more than 800 customers were without power in Pawcatuck Monday afternoon after a car struck a utility pole at the eastern end of Pequot Trail, that number was reduced to 50 to night. CL&P crews are still on the scene tonight repairing the pole and downed power lines.
Just past 12:30 p.m. a car driven by an elderly local man heading east on Pequot Trail went off the side of the road and struck the pole before coming to rest on a small stone wall. The crash took down numerous power lines along Pequot Trail and Wheeler Drive.
The man, who was conscious and alert after the crash, told police on the scene that he had taken his eyes off the road for a second.
He was trapped in the car and had to be extricated by Pawcatuck firefighters just before 1 p.m. He was then taken to Westerly Hospital to be treated for minor injuries.
The crash cut off power to the police station which operated for some time on emergency generators. Police did not release his name Monday.

Calexico On World Cafe
Originally published on Fri March 29, 2013 2:33 pm
It's not easy to pin a single genre on Calexico. Joey Burns and John Convertino's band blends Americana, Tejano and indie rock music. Burns and Convertino began recording under the name — borrowed from the California border town — in 1996 in Tucson, Ariz., and have released several well-received albums, including this year's Algiers.
In this edition of World Cafe, Calexico visits with David Dye for an interview and four-song set. For this occasion, Burns and Convertino are joined by band members Jacob Valenzuela, Martin Wenk, Jairo Zavala, Sergio Mendoza and Ryan Alfred.
This World Cafe segment was originally aired on November 22, 2012.

|a children's mummer's parade, as on the Fourth of July, with prizes for the best costumes.|
|the offspring of a zebra and a donkey.|
microtubule mi·cro·tu·bule (mī'krō-t&oomacr;'by&oomacr;l, -ty&oomacr;-)
Any of the proteinaceous cylindrical hollow structures that are distributed throughout the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells, providing structural support and assisting in cellular locomotion and transport.
|microtubule (mī'krō-t'byl) Pronunciation Key
Any of the tube-shaped protein structures that help eukaryotic cells maintain their shape and assist in forming the cell spindle during cell division. Microtubules and actin filaments are the main components of the cell's supporting matrix or cytoskeleton.

For this week’s food news roundup, I thought I’d serve up a few
ideas for food-inspired day trips this weekend.
Lavender on the Tongue
As part of this year’s Sequim Lavender festivals, a new one
called Lavender Farm Faire has been added, an it includes a
program with food, crafts and cooking demonstrations at
Carrie Blake Park (click for a Google map). The festival
started Friday, but goes through Sunday.
Five cooking demonstrations will happen Sunday, though Sunshine
Lavender and Herb Farm will host several a day today and Saturday.
Among what’s cooking will be a four-course meal made by Cedarbook
Lavender and Herb Farm with a spring green and asparagus salad with
cranberry lavender vinaigrette, roasted red potatoes with Herbs de
Provence (with lavender, of course), grilled flank steak with
lavender pepper marinade and sautéed pears with lavender honey.
Farms also will offer lavender-laced (and non-lavender) foods
throughout the fair. The wine and beer garden also will offer a
taste of Olympic Cellars’ lavender infused wine Mélange Nouveau.
Purple Haze restaurant will have a variety of food and lavender
cocktails (margaritas and cosmopolitans).
For more information, visit sequimlavenderfarms.org.
Bite of Seattle
Across the water on the other side of Kitsap this weekend is the
annual Bite of
Seattle at the Seattle Center.
For those who’ve in the past grown tired of going and getting
filled up on only one giant plate of taste (or bursting at the
seems when you try to top off two plates with a
Shishkaberry), this year’s festival requires participating
restaurants to have actual bite-sized portions for $3.75, the
Seattle Weekly reports.
Over at the Fisher Building, local celebrity chefs will offer
near-hourly demonstrations for
The Bite Cooks portion of the festival. And in the Alki
courtyard, for $10, you can get into
The Alley, hosted by Tom Douglas for tastes from both
established and new Seattle restaurants. Most proceeds from the
Alley benefit Food Lifeline, so you can feed your soul a little as
Vashon Island is home to a festival more than a century old
(though it apparently has had several names over the years). The
Festival has a variety of vendors, like those you’d see at a
variety of small-town festivals, including booths with strawberry
shortcakes, smoothies, and chocolate-dipped strawberries. The
weekend festival also includes what I’ve decided should be a
requisite at any festival, an early morning pancake breakfast (with
strawberries!). A shuttle leaves every 30 minutes from the ferry
terminal. It’s $1 each way.
Pike Place Chef Demos
On Sunday, Pike Place Market hosts another of its
Sunday chef demonstrations with Burce Naftalay of Le Gourmand
at noon and Seth Caswell of emmer & rye at 2 p.m. Next Sunday
is the second annual “Master of the Market” cooking
Note on next weekend
lineup for Bremerton’s Summer Brewfest on July 23 was announced
this week. The event will include 24 breweries, including Kitsap’s
half dozen commercial breweries.
The same day (or maybe before) also is supposed to mark the
opening of Bremerton’s Toro
Lounge on Pacific Avenue.
And lastly, as I just mentioned earlier this afternoon, Sunday
will be the inaugural
Sunday farmers market in Bremerton.
Just a note
I apparently missed this when it went online in late May, but
Bremerton’s Blackberry fest apparently got
a nod from New York Magazine, which compiled a list of 50 food
destinations in 50 states. They recommended the blackberry slugs
and had this to say in general, “devotees can head to a three-day
orgy of blackberry consumption: the Bremerton Blackberry Festival,
held along the boardwalk in downtown Bremerton — a smallish Navy
town southwest of Bainbridge Island on Puget Sound.” I pity the
poor New Yorkers who’ll take the ferry from Seattle to Bainbridge
and drive 50 minutes to Bremerton. Hopefully someone at the
terminal will point them the right way.
Share on Facebook

If you want to see what a Catholic newspaper should be like, check out this article in The Catholic Herald, the UK’s best Catholic weekly.
Here is a great story.
Preamble: Keep in mind as you read that NCR in the USA touted a piece by Notre Dame’s dissident liberal columnist Richard McBrien which ran down Eucharistic adoration.
Now here is the photo and article from The Catholic Herald about a great initiative at St. Patrick’s on Soho Square in a trouble area of central London. Fr. Sherbrooke is pastor there. I have visited St. Patrick‘s a couple times during my stays in London.
My emphases and comments.
St Patrick’s prayer line greets its 50,000th caller
5 March 2010
Eight years ago the historic St Patrick’s church in Soho Square, London, instituted an "SOS prayerline" service to offer prayer and support to those who call on the telephone.
Two weeks ago the prayerline recorded its 50,000th telephone call since it opened on May 13 2003. To mark the occasion Archbishop Vincent Nichols of Westminster came to pray, meet some of the volunteers and offer his blessing for the future of the prayerline.
The telephone sits in a chapel where the Blessed Sacrament is exposed from seven o’clock to 11 every evening, 365 days a year. [Fantastic.] The lay volunteers who answer the calls give their time generously to this simple but effective service.
There have been many occasions over the years when callers have phoned to say "thank you" as a result of prayers answered.
Monica O’Shea works on the St Patrick’s appeal for restoration of the historic Soho church.
She said: "They receive a call and the caller requests a prayer. Then usually the volunteer prays with the caller over the phone." Often callers ring up to express their gratitude and to ask how to donate so that the work can go on.
All the prayers that have ever been received are recorded in a special book. They are kept in perpetuity and callers’ petitions are regularly prayed for.
Fr Alexander Sherbrooke, the parish priest, [...], said: "It is a service that offers only prayer. It does not give counsel or information and simply endeavours to use the telephone as a means of bringing callers closer to the source of mercy.
"At the heart of our parish life is the celebration of Holy Mass and the daily Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament from which flows all the various parish activities and makes the church a spiritual oasis in what is probably the busiest part of one of the busiest cities in the world."
The appeal for the restoration and expansion of St Patrick’s has so far raised £2.7 million and efforts to raise funds continue. In addition to the restoring of the church, a redevelopment is planned to provide a kitchen and cafeteria to give meals for homeless people, a safe house programme for addicts and better rooms for the church fertility advice clinic and the School of Evangelisation. [Would that such leadership could be implemented so effectively also at the level of dioceses.]
It was the first church in England since the Reformation to be dedicated to St Patrick and was one of the first churches established after the Catholic Relief Acts of 1778 and 1791.
Fr Arthur O’Leary, an Irish Franciscan, directed the consecration of the chapel in 1792. The church houses relics of St Oliver Plunkett, one of the Tyburn Martyrs. During the 20th century Archbishop Fulton Sheen, the television evangelist, regularly celebrated Mass at St Patrick’s, preached from its neo-Renaissance pulpit and stayed in the parish house on visits to Britain. The church has also survived Hitler’s attempt to destroy London: during the Blitz, on the night of November 19 1940, a bomb pierced the roof of the church but failed to explode.
During the restoration works the SOS prayerline will continue daily from 7pm to 11pm. In mid-March, however, the church itself will close for 12 months and Masses have been relocated to various churches in the vicinity.
The weekday 12.45pm Mass will be in the day chapel in St Patrick’s presbytery. The Saturday 6pm Mass will be at the French Protestant church and the Sunday 11am and 5pm Masses at the House of St Barnabas.
The Sunday Chinese Mass [St. Patrick's is right on the edge of London's Chinatown.] will be at 2.15pm at Our Lady of the Assumption and St Gregory in Warwick Street. The Sunday Spanish Mass at 6pm moves to Notre Dame de France in Leicester Place as does the Saturday 4pm Portuguese Mass.
For SOS prayerline telephone 020 7434 9211.

brickmar at EARTHCOM.NET
Fri Aug 15 11:27:05 CDT 1997
> Basically, the self is without activity and is the substratum. The
> desires etc which seem to occur is not of the self and so on. This
> should be kept in mind while doing the japa. I have seen two versions of
> the mantra, namely kAmokAR^ishhIt.h manyurakar^ishhIn.h and also
> kAmokAR^ishhIt.h manyurakAR^ishhIn namonamaH.
> Also note that this does not mean that we can do whatever we please and
> attribute it to kAma :-). The aham is the Atman and not the ego.
Note, too, that if you do whatever you please the Atman is doing that as
well, and that effort is a distraction from what is. In other words, the
atman resisting the atman can be a whirlpool on the stream leading to
More information about the Advaita-l mailing list

Rosie O'Donnell has been savagely attacked by talking heads on major news networks and others simply for exercising her first amendment right to ask questions about 9/11, questions that are shared by the majority of family members of the victims.
A relentless campaign on behalf of anti-American haters of free speech is underway to force ABC to fire O'Donnell from her position as host of The View. This petition was created to show that a significant and vocal number of Americans recognize and support Rosie O'Donnell's stance in displaying the highest form of patriotism - asking questions of government and demanding the truth about what really happened on 9/11.
Calls for Rosie to be fired, censored, and in one case even executed , came after Rosie simply raised the question of what caused WTC Building 7 to collapse on September 11.
WTC 7 was a 47-story building in the WTC complex that was not hit by a plane yet collapsed in a perfect symmetrical implosion at freefall speed in the late afternoon of September 11.
If the collapse of the building was an accident, why were ground zero personnel, firefighters and police told to vacate the area surrounding Building 7 in advance because the structure was to be brought down?
If the collapse did not involve the use of demolition charges, why did NYPD officer Craig Bartmer report bombs tearing down the building as he ran away from it?
Why did WTC complex leaseholder Larry Silverstein admit on a 2002 PBS documentary that WTC 7 was deliberately pulled? To "pull" is industry jargon for controlled demolition. Why has NIST changed its explanation for the collapse of Building 7 on several different occasions and why to this day has it still not come to a conclusion ?
How can fire damage have caused the building (which had been structurally reinforced) to collapse in freefall when photos taken immediately before it fell show limited fires confined sporadically to just eight floors? Why did news networks like CNN and BBC report the collapse of WTC 7 over 20 minutes before the building actually fell?
Why are news networks like Fox, CNN and MSNBC so eager to throw out ad hominem insults and employ smear tactics against Rosie O'Donnell simply for raising these kind of questions yet universally refuse to debate the cold hard facts surrounding Building 7?
Why are enemies of free speech attempting to have Rosie O'Donnell thrown off the air simply for discussing this issue?
Show your support for Rosie's stance, for the survival of free speech in America and for a full investigation of what really happened on 9/11 by signing this petition. Send a message to those that wish to create a chilling atmosphere of intimidation that their anti-American assault on the bill of rights and the first amendment will be repelled by a substantial and sustained counter-attack.
CLICK ON THE BANNER TO BUY TERRORSTORM IN HARD COPY

KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WVLT) -- Nearly all flights are on time at McGhee Tyson. One 5:30 a.m. United flight was delayed for an hour.
If your flight is delayed, how to get in touch with your airline, or what's on the menu for lunch, Knoxville's McGhee Tyson Airport has the answer. Just in time for holiday travel, the airport released a new app for iPhone and iPad users
“For 75 years, McGhee Tyson Airport has served the East Tennessee traveling public with a focus on providing quality customer service,” said Howard Vogel, Chairman of the Metropolitan Knoxville Airport Authority’s Board of Commissioners. “In a time when lines are longer and more people are traveling by air, the airport’s new app can save our guests precious time – time that can be better spent with family and friends.”
The iPhone app features current flight information; airline contact numbers and websites; parking rates; food and beverage options; and directions to McGhee Tyson Airport.
To download the free app, visit Apple’s iTunes App Store anytime, anywhere. It’s that simple.

7 surprising global warming deniers: Architects
In 50 years, long after we have realized that global warming was a hoax, we will still be spending money on warfare, subsidies to polluting corporations, oil, consumerism, etc etc, along with money on cleaning up rivers & oceans, cleaning up air pollution, saving forests, saving species, protecting the earth for future generations, preserving precious natural resources, reducing our addiction to oil and the dangers of oil-laden countries. Nothing will have changed.
I've seen this Republican trick to tease environmentalist because the winters are so much colder, therefore it cannot be global WARMING. I'm fine with it if we call it climate change however it is applicable to the particular season. One thing is certain: We get extremes on either end: hot Summers, chilly Winters!
Check der Bilderberger website. After so many years and still no warming the are now warning of global cooling. Seriously.
Besides that: I been to Europe long time, and live in Australia, Neither warming nor rising sea levels neither there nor here.
It's not at all surprising that mouth-breathing morons like Trump, Nugent and Inhofe deny global warming. Are they ever right about anything?
Last summer it was "global warming", then when harsh winter came, the name changed to "climate change/shift", now summer is back, we're again calling it "global warming".... if we get a rainy summer, will it become "global rain climate change" ???
We have global warming every year. You can really see it's effects around May (in the northern hemisphere, November south of the equator). Then, about 4 months later... we go into an equally-dangerous cycle or global cooling... That too lasts for about 3-4 months. It must be stopped! Who wants hot weather in the summer and cold weather in the winter?! Enough is enough!
So...according to this same 2009 survey roughly 87% of architects DO believe that climate change is real yet they have still been included on this list?
Grasping at straws much...
13% of architects don't believe in global warming? you know what that means? 87% DO! I think that holds a bit weight.

|Date of game: 4/12/2013
Recap: Indiana vs. Brooklyn
Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - The Brooklyn Nets opened up a sizeable lead and saw it completely disappear, but fought back and was able to hold on for a 117-109 win over the Indiana Pacers to sweep the season series.
Deron Williams had 33 points -- with 25 in the first half -- and dished out 14 assists, but appeared to injure his knee with 25 seconds left in the game when he collided with Paul George. He exited and was seen laboring on the bench.
Brooklyn, winners of four in a row and victors in all three of its regular- season meetings with Indiana, kept its hopes alive for the No. 3 seed and secured home-court advantage in the first round with Chicago's lost to Toronto. The Nets trail the Pacers by two games with three left to play.
"This was a good one for us," Williams said. "There's still a chance we can catch them."
Brook Lopez had 24 points and five blocks. Joe Johnson had 24 as well and Jerry Stackhouse added 13 points off the bench for the Nets, who were without Gerald Wallace. The veteran forward suffered a left heel contusion in Wednesday's win over Boston.
The Pacers trailed by as many as 24 points in the third quarter, rallied to take the lead in the fourth, but couldn't hold on to the advantage as they lost for the third time in four games.
David West had a team-leading 26 points with nine rebounds, George scored 21 and Roy Hibbert had 18 points and 10 boards in the setback.
"We can't dig these kinds of holes," said West. "We have to have a little more resolve, draw a line in the sand defensively."
The Nets came out firing on all cylinders, connecting on 13 of their first 17 shots. Lopez made his first six from the field and the Nets led by as many as 10 before taking a 34-27 lead into the second.
Williams then became the headache for Indiana, with the Nets All-Star guard spearheading an impressive 26-8 run with 18 points. In the last 4 1/2 minutes of the half, he sank all four of his 3-pointers as Brooklyn built a 21-point lead.
Indiana, which allows the second fewest points per game at 90.2, surrendered a season-high 69 points in the half and over 100 in game for the fourth time in its last six. They went into the locker room trailing by 19.
A four-point play from Williams and a tough fadeaway from Johnson pushed Brooklyn's lead to 76-52, but it lost Reggie Evans for the game when the forward was tossed for picking up two technicals.
The Pacers seemed inspired off the Nets' loss and an ensuing 17-4 surge had them within four, 85-81, following a 3-pointer from George. Brooklyn finally cooled down, making just 36.8 percent of its shots in the period, and held only a seven-point lead heading into the final stanza.
The comeback came full circle with five minutes left in the game, when the Pacers took their first lead at 101-99 on a Lance Stephenson 3-pointer, but it wouldn't last.
Brooklyn, as it did all game, buried the Pacers from beyond the arc, as Johnson and Stackhouse went back-to-back from distance. The Nets were 12- for-25 on 3-pointers for the game and layups from Lopez and Andray Blatche created a safe seven-point cushion with 1:09 to play to seal the win.Game Notes
The Nets have won four in a row overall against the Pacers since losing 10
consecutive in the series ... Stephenson had 13 points for Indiana, which
outscored Brooklyn in the paint, 58-28 ... The Pacers shot 50 percent (40-
for-80) from the field, while the Nets made 51.2 percent (42-for-82) of their

Ben Gordon scored a game-high 34 points to lead a 58-point performance from the Bobcats bench in a 107-99 loss on November 9 in New Orleans.
After cutting the Hornets lead to 50-42 late in the second quarter, Byron Mullens and Anthony Davis got tied up, leading to a flagrant foul one for Mullens and a technical foul on Davis. The confrontation seemed to spark Davis, as he scored 17 of the Hornets next 20 points to push the lead to 70-58 midway through the third quarter. Charlotte made numerous pushes the rest of the game but couldn’t get any closer than five points on the way to the loss.
INSIDE THE BOX SCORE
Both benches impressed in this one, led by Ben Gordon’s game-high 34 points. Charlotte outscored New Orleans’ bench 58-56 behind Gordon and Ramon Sessions (13 points). The Hornets were led by 25 points off the bench from Ryan Anderson… The Cats and Hornets were close in nearly every stat line in the box score with the exception of assists, where New Orleans had 29 dimes on 43 baskets compared to the Bobcats 17 on 40 field goals.
BOBCATS PLAYER OF THE GAME
Ben Gordon was outstanding for the Cats off the bench, finishing with a game-high 34 points on 14-of-21 shooting in 35 minutes. He knocked down three 3-pointers and added six rebounds and four assists.
BOBCATS TOP RESERVE
Aside from Gordon, Ramon Sessions gave Charlotte a big lift off the bench with 13 points on 4-of-8 shooting to go with four assists.
HORNETS PLAYER OF THE GAME
Rookie Anthony Davis gets the nod in this one with 23 points, 11 rebounds and five blocked shots. His stretch of play at the end of the second and into the third quarter sparked the win for New Orleans.
INSIDE THE LOCKER ROOM
“They played great defense and the numbers late in the game say that. So we found our offense and a way to play with some schemes that we found tonight. Also, we’re on the road and it was a slugfest; a tight game all the way. I think there are little things that we are finding in these tough defeats. I told them be ready to play Dallas (Mavericks). Bismack (Biyombo) had 14 boards and his development is coming. You can see little bits and pieces and we’re heading in the right direction.”
- Bobcats Head Coach Mike Dunlap on the bench play
“I just tried to be aggressive while I was out there. My teammates did a good job of finding me on various plays. The bigs did a solid job of setting various screens allowing me to get some space and I was able to score some points.”
- Bobcats Guard Ben Gordon on his game
The Bobcats started what might have been the youngest starting five in the NBA this season with Kemba Walker, Jeff Taylor, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Byron Mullens and Bismack Biyombo tipping things off. The average age of the Cats starters was 21.5 years… Biyombo got the start for Charlotte with Brendan Haywood having to miss the game due to a family emergency and grabbed a game-high 13 rebounds to go with six points and three blocks… Kemba Walker continues to protect the ball well. He finished with a team-high six assists while turning it over twice. He added 11 points and four assists, including a two-handed dunk on a breakaway in the first quarter… Jeff Taylor scored his first NBA basket on a 3-pointer in the first quarter and finished with seven points in 14 minutes… Rookie Michael Kidd-Gilchrist had a solid game against his former teammate, Anthony Davis, scoring 12 points, grabbing six rebounds, blocking three shots and swiping two steals.
The Cats return home on November 10 to take on the Dallas Mavericks at 7:30 p.m. at Time Warner Cable Arena®. You can watch the game on SportSouth or listen on WFNZ. Follow the game on your smartphone or at bobcats.com with the live in-game chat.

Become a Friend of Bracken Library
The Friends of the Library are ambassadors to the community. Members help share the news that the Libraries plan an important role in helping students learn and prepare for their careers and future. Friends actively shape the Libraries' collections through their financial support and gifts-in-kind. Thanks to your contributions, well-developed collections of electronic resources, books, and journals elevate the performance of students and faculty, and directly contribute to the University's development.
Membership in the Friends is open to any person who gives money, books, manuscripts, periodicals, or other educational material to the University Libraries. Members receive an annual newsletter and other publications, and invitations to programs and the annual dinner.
Friends Make a Difference
by John B. Straw

Four years ago, when they hired Cassandra Goodson, Florida Gulf Coast University Men’s and Women’s cross country was given a new life. Evidence of that is easy to find: female athletes that she has coached hold all of the top five school records in the Freshman, Sophomore, and Junior class, and two of five (1st and 5th place) in the Senior category. With the men, the evidence of her influence is even more irrefutable: in the 5K (all ten), 4 mile (all), 8K (all ten), 8K Freshman (all 5), 8K Sophomore (all 5), 8K Junior (3 of 5; 1st, 3rd, and 5th,), and 8K Senior (all 5) occurred while she was coach. Today, thanks to the efforts of its now veteran coach, the Eagles are one of Florida’s most promising collegiate running programs.
Goodson-Harbin—she has since gotten married—is a dedicated and knowledgeable leader, who brings with her a successful career built from the spikes up. While in high school (Chaminade College Prep in Chatsworth, California), she was a four-time All-Conference selection, during which she steadily lowered her 5K time until it was 18:53.
Next came two years at Diablo Valley (Junior) College, where she placed second at the NORCAL XC Championships in her second year, and was voted MVP. In track, she was the school record holder in the 10,000, and won the 2003 NORCAL Outdoor 10,000 Championship.
Upon ending her junior college career, she went on to the University of Southern Mississippi (2003-2005), and had an immediate impact on their cross country team, finishing as the first Eagle in all but one meet. (Coincidentally, FGCU has not only the same mascot, but the same logo.) In two years, she had nine top-ten performances, and ran a cross country lifetime best of 18:01.7, winning the UNO Invitational on October 2, 2004. In track, she still holds the school’s outdoor records in the 5000 (17:31.81) and 10,000 (37:01.65), and led Southern Mississippi to their highest finish ever in Conference USA, 2nd.
Upon graduating from USM, with a degree in psychology, she decided to become a full-time runner.
“I trained and ran at USATF races,” Cassandra explained in a recent interview, “devoting all my time to running. My training had noticeably improved. I wasn’t racing as much, so I got much better. It was definitely a good experience, but it was humbling. I got to race against the best, and it taught me a lot, especially about rest and how important it is.
An example of these races is one of the most competitive road races in America, the (September 17, 2005) Cow Harbor, L.I. 10K. That morning 3265 men and women tested their breaking point on an extremely hilly course, and Cassandra finished 36th overall. Casandra, then 23, was 6th among the elite women, in 37:15.3. At a distance that favors the more experienced athlete, she was at least eight years younger than anyone ahead of her, which hinted at a promising future.
“At the end of the year, I was in the best shape of my life. I was ready to PR big. My quarters were much faster than in college, like 65s for ‘hammer quarters’ (every fourth one), and running the others in 69 to 70s. But I got hurt, a tendon in my heel (peroneal tendonitis), which I call the ‘IT band of the lower leg.’ It felt like a rock in my shoe, so it really hurt to the point where I couldn’t run. Obviously, I ran a bad race that day.
“Now I tell this to my athletes: ‘it’s better to train a little less and still be able to compete, than to be in the best shape of your life and on the sidelines,’ especially when I think they’re getting greedy and pressing it.
“Protecting athletes, up front, is something I think about. I don’t hold a big roster to see who survives. Every athlete matters, and so has value to the program. I really do my best to individualize training, within reason. There are so many variables that a coach can manage: mileage, intensity, and density of training (for example, the amount of rest between quality—read: hard--sessions).
“This is the main problem. They (the athletes) think that the coach has all the answers. But I encourage them to read about the sport, about how to gain the knowledge that will help them; research, be a student of the sport. Don’t jump into anything like a blog. A guy will say anything. Find out from credible people and come back to the coach with that newfound information, and share it. If you told me that this cue works with you, let’s integrate the information into your running program, use it in drills and help to improve your running. Most of it may have to do with the psychology of the sport, which you can research. Different approaches will take hold and resonate.”
What she experienced as a result of her short “professional” career was indeed unfortunate for the athlete, but was instrumental to her development as a future coach, because, soon after that, Cassandra the runner, became Cassandra the coach.
“Wayne Williams, who was the head coach while I was running at Southern Mississippi, hired me. He was the best. He’d been there for years, and at Alabama before that…he’s been around a long time. I coached there for two years, and he taught me a lot. I liked Hattiesburg, and it was fun.”
Keven M. Stephens, who was Williams’ assistant coach, and is now Southern Mississippi’s head coach, still remembers Cassandra and her importance to their program.
“As a cross country coach at Southern Miss Cassandra did a great job getting the best out of her athletes,” he wrote me. “She was very passionate about distance running and used that passion and hard work to improve her team. It doesn't surprise me that she has been successful at Florida Gulf Coast University.”
One of those “improvements” alluded to by Stephen was a young lady named Parris Hodges. Cassandra remembers her well.
“I had a girl at Southern Mississippi.Her name was Parris Hodges. She was very injury prone. She had (chronic) compartment syndrome. Our trainer suggested that recruiting her might be a gamble. But I researched compartment syndrome, and found that she should not have a lot of impact with the ground.
“She came in running 19:48 (for 5K). I had her doing only 25 miles a week, supplemented with a lot of functional strength training, and cross training. After a year and a half, she ran around 17:45 (17:46.16, taking 2nd at the April 19, 2008 LSU Alumni Gold Meet) and nearly broke my school record. That was a good feeling; helping someone do that. Less was more with her, which, of course, is not true with everyone. Everyone is different. Some like high mileage; they thrive on it. But others don’t need it, and in her case, could get hurt and not reach their full potential.”
“Parris, after I left, transferred to Idaho State.”
After two years as an assistant at USM, a position opened up at Florida Gulf Coast University.
“With this opportunity (at FGCU) popping up, I saw that I could be head of an entire program. It was a relatively new program and school. It was exciting. I could build a legacy. I told the kids: ‘Every time you run, you make history.’
“It was a big change. The program was poorly funded, so I was worried about that. However, the way the school was growing, I hoped that cross country would grow with it.
“In my second year, my girls won their first Division 1 race in history. That year, my men also won their first. Photographers were there, taking pictures and documenting it.
“Every year, the team has gotten better, but so has the (A-Sun) conference with it.”
Last year (2010), despite all previous meet results to the contrary, the team’s A-Sun Conference performance—the Women finished sixth, the Men eighth—was disheartening.
“For the Men (and to a degree, the Women), the conference (meet) was a big disappointment. We were hoping to do better, but we had a lot of injuries and health issues. It was the unluckiest of situations.
“Megan Thies”--who owns the top 4 junior 5K records, and leads the senior 5K record list-- “twisted her ankle the morning of the Conference. Gilbert Chemaoi had a stress reaction (a condition that precedes a fracture). Before it got any worse, we got him off his feet and rested him. But he broke it at the conference meet. Dino Bozzone, from New Zealand, had some health issues. He was really fatigued. He sort of bonked out as soon as he got to (the climate of) south Florida.
“But we’re moving forward. I find that it had a positive element. It brought the team together, built camaraderie, and made them more determined this year. It also gave them a greater sense of purpose. They’re out there together, like a brotherhood. They care about each other and don’t want to let the others down.
In this year’s season opener—the first since the 2010 A-Sun—the Eagles scored big, their men’s team winning over a field that included the University of Miami (FGCU 30 [1-2-6-8-13-14-20], Miami 38 [3-5-7-11-12-19-22]), the women second (Miami 29 [2-3-7-8-9-13-22, FGCU 51 [4-5-11-14-17-20-25]). Of the Eagle scorers, on the men’s side four are sophomores, the other a freshman; for the women one is a freshman, three are sophomores, and only one a junior, evidence that the future is indeed bright.
“I treat it kind of organically; just let it happen. I just hope that this team continues to learn and improve, and in the end find that running at FGCU makes them better people, not just better runners.”
With a mission statement like that, it’s no wonder that runners, literally, come from near and far to run for FGCU. Argeo Cruz, for example, could conceivably run home to Immokalee for the weekend. Granted, it would be a long run--a very long run--so he usually uses a car when he wants to watch his former team compete, and they sometimes reciprocate. Members of the Immokalee cross country team were on hand to see Cruz finish first, in 20:25.1, at the aforementioned FGCU Invitational season opener on September 2nd.
Casandra says this about Cruz: “Argeo comes from a community that is full of pride. He was excited about coming to a team that was new, and for which he could make an immediate impact. This is something that he did.”
“My main reason for coming here was that my Mom didn’t want me to go too far from home,” admitted Argeo candidly. “FGCU was my first choice. For my first race this year,” the FGCU Invitational, “almost my whole high school team was there to cheer for me. It was a big inspiration, both for me and for them. I’m really glad I stayed close to home.”
In that 2011 season-opener, he was the first of a trio of sophomores that led the Eagles to the team title. The next finisher was Gilbert Chemaoi. At home, Gilbert attended Kirobon Secondary School, near Nakuru, Kenya. He started his college experience at Eastern Kentucky, but transferred to FGCU in the fall of 2010, and is now majoring in nursing. Last season he was a redshirt freshman, and at the end of the season competed at the A-Sun Championships in Spartanburg, South Carolina. It was there that I first met him, and he told me about his close friendship with Gilbert Kemboi, who is the top runner at the University of South Carolina Upstate.
“We trained and raced together all the time,” he explained. “When I left from Eastern Kentucky, I came here so that I could run against him. I also get to see Erick Kigen (Belmont), and a few girls (that he knows from Kenya). But the boys and I grew up together.”
All are underclassmen, so their friendship will continue. But while Chamboi got to spend time with his friends at the A-Sun Championship, running it wasn’t all pleasurable.
“I had a stress fracture. I did not run my times, 24:30. I ran like 26.”
Kemboi won the meet in 24:00.84, Kigen was tenth in 25:22, and Chamboi 52nd in 26:50.69. But this is a different season and Chamboi is optimistic about its outcome.
“I tried last week, on Friday. I ran like a 20 (20:39.8),” for four miles. “I’m pretty much there.”
Chris Rudloff, a sophomore like Argeo and Gilbert, lives in Ormond Beach and ran for Mainland High School. It was while there that he claimed the 5 Star Conference Championship his sophomore, junior, and senior years. In the FGCU Invitational, he was the third Eagle finisher--sixth overall--in 21:05.
“I also considered UNF and Embry Riddle, maybe UWF for awhile, but I didn’t want to go to a big school,” Rudloff explained. “I didn’t want to be distracted. FGCU fit everything perfectly; not too close or far, a decent sized school so I could get academic help if I needed it…and I liked the campus and the coach. After my visit here, I was pretty much set about going here.”
“Chris is also full of pride and determination,” said Cassandra. “He’s as tough as I’ve seen.”
Rudloff’s first impressions of Harbin?
“She just seemed very genuine and was very sweet. She wanted to connect. She had a goal as a coach, and would be hard when she had to be. She had a program that she wanted to improve. She seemed balanced between her coaching and her personality.”
Chris ran the 5K very aggressively while in high school, and had a devastating finishing kick. He ran his fastest time (15:45) when he won the November 7, 2009 3A District 7 Meet. Moving up to 8K, he seems to have made a smooth transition, a feat he attributes to Cassandra.
“I wouldn’t say there were any big bumps. The summer program that she gave me coming into my freshman year was definitely more than I did in high school, but I was comfortable going into the 8K. It definitely hurt more going up, but I just ran it like my 5K and then hung on for two miles more.”
Of course, the men’s team represents only half ofCassandra’s responsibilities, and at any given time she is prepared to shift full attention to the women’s team.
“Barrie Cohen is currently our women’s school record holder. Hers is kind of a fun story. She came here running 19:20* out of high school, and has really blossomed. She ran 18:13 at the (2010) Conference Championships. This season, her junior year, I think she’s trying to learn more about her race, what she needs to work on, and improve her fitness. For her, she needs to be a true #1 runner, and improve on her times wherever she goes.”
“When I first came down to FGCU, Cassandra took me on a tour of the school, and I saw how beautiful it was,” Barrie reminisced, “especially the waterfront. She made me comfortable, and I think this was one of the most important things, especially because I came down from New Jersey and for me this would be a home away from home for four years. She did this by showing me how personalized her program was. She wants each runner to reach their own potential, and that is what I was looking for.
“I’ve seen a huge improvement here. I believe in her training system-- I followed it to a “T”--and she told me that if I keep working, I would continue to improve, and that I would get the most out of my running. The more I put into running, the more I would get out of it.”
The same can be said about another junior, Shannon Compher. Compher, a 2009 graduate of Hagerty High School in Oviedo, Florida, first broke 19 at the October 29, 2008 Seminole Athletic Conference Championship (she placed first in 18:59.29). Under Goodson-Harbin, she lowered that to 18:29.72 at the Atlantic Sun Conference Championships (October 30th, 2010), placing 20th.
“This was the furthest (from home) university that I looked at,” Compher said. “The other coaches, whom I met, weren’t as personable. Cassandra really kept in touch with me about what I was used to (running) in high school, and during the summer helped me to plan what I was going to run while I was here. She always remembered things about my family, and asked me about my personal life. I like that about her.”
Like some of the athletes mentioned, it doesn’t hurt Harbin’s recruiting efforts that she does so from Florida’s newest and most attractive campus. One bonus, for those athletes who’ve never visited there, is North Lake Village, which might just as well have been transported from an island in the Caribbean. Right outside Harbin’s office is a white sandy beach; where swimming, wakeboarding, skiing, and tubing are de rigueur. Next is the expansive—and well-planned--FGCU campus, built on 750 acres, quite close to Florida’s Everglades. (Their hockey team is called the Everblades.) True, it’s hot, but during cross country season, so is most, if not all of Florida. So, whether training in the morning or evening, it has miles of safe, well-lit places to run and bike, and its roads in turn lead to many more well-lit avenues for training.
So, has Cassandra Goodson-Harbin landed in coaching heaven, or what?
“I see the potential in the University. I love my job, runners, and the people I work with. It’s an exciting time here.”
*10th in 19:20 at the NJSIAA South Sectional Championships on November 3, 2007

We love watching cities being crushed, blown up and swept away — it happens in a lot of this summer's biggest movies. There's just something so viscerally thriling about structures coming down in flames. Here's some of our favorite concept art of cites getting totally smashed. Read more...
We finally have a full length trailer for the Sharlto Copley starring sci-fi horror flick EUROPA REPORT and it has that great old-school feel to it. I'm always completely blown away by how low-budget sci-fi films manage to make themselves look so damn big — Duncan Jones' MOON comes to mind. Show More Summary
Los Angeles Kings work Power Play to get 2-0 lead over San Jose Sharks – NHL Playoffs Update San Jose might have blown away the competition during the opening round of the 2013 National Hockey League (NHL) Stanley Cup Playoffs, but it...Show More Summary
Just in time for fans experiencing 2013's CMA Music Festival in early June, The Country Music Hall of Fame today announced a new exhibit showcasing Carrie Underwood's most recent "Blown Away Tour." Read on here to learn all the details of this new exhibit and how you can see it!
Post by Stefanie Favicchio Surprise, surprise, Farrah Abraham is a big fat liar. At least according to her sex tape co-star, James Deen, who was completely blown away by the media frenzy caused by Farrah purchasing a pregnancy test earlier this week. Show More Summary
I know. It's a burger on a waffle. Surprisingly simple in its construction. But Dad's Waffle is superb in its execution. I didn't expect to be blown away by burgers at a brunch place, but Buttermilk Kitchen's did just that.
Some new screenshots have been released for Ubisoft’s upcoming open-world action title Watch Dogs. If this game hasn’t blown you away already, then these pictures are definitely going to do the trick; the visuals for …
We’re blown away by the quality of the more than 150 applicants to the HealthBeat 2013 “Grand Rounds Innovation Showdown,” one of the highlights of VentureBeat’s inaugural health tech conference (May 20-21 in San Francisco). We asked startups throughout the …
I have to be honest and say I wasn't blown away by the smaller figure reveals at Toy Fair, but even in unpainted form, I think NECA has sold me on this sucker, which they just revealed. Gipsy D...
For people who were blown away to learn recently that the 11 largest global pharmaceutical companies made an astonishing $711 billion in profits over the...
The "Blown Away" singer says she's a veteran of "waiting all day for Sunday night" -- all season even.
I got the opportunity to try out Google Glass for the second time yesterday. There's been a lot of hype surrounding Google's latest innovative gadget recently. Everyone seems to love it, and this time, I can safely say, I love it too. Show More Summary
This past weekend Nick and I went to The Grand Ole Opry and it. was. awesome. The auditorium itself was beautiful, and I was blown away by performances by Rhonda Vincent (seriously, watch her bluegrass version of “Jolene” and try not to fall in love with her!), The Striking Matches, and a bunch of classic [...]
When I was invited to join Swipp earlier this year, I was blown away with the opportunity. I’m fortunate to be part of an experienced team that’s working on a tough, interesting problem – creating a new way to answer the age-old question of “who cares?” (Not only that, but it’s a blast getting a [...]
Yet again we are here for another exciting Nokia Lumia Challenge. They seem to be getting better every time and as you know, we were totally blown away by your recent Panorama pictures. To keep you firing on all cylinders … Continue reading ?
Marc Andreessen is clearly blown away by Google Glass and is ready to fund some awesome Glass startups. He's called Google's new wearable computing device "magical." It's not just a fancy gadget, Glass is going to be a game changer for certain industries like health care, the cofounder of Andreessen Horowitz said in an interview on Bloomberg West. Show More Summary
In the few days I was in China I met with several VCs, angel investors, business press and spoke to hundreds of entrepreneurs. I was blown away by what I saw in Beijing. Think of what Rome looked like in the time of the empire -- now it's Beijing announcing that China has arrived.
How creative are you? Come up with an elegant solution to this real world problem and you could win a spot in Inc. Magazine First of all, thank you so much to everyone who participated in my first challenge. I was blown away by your ideas! The winners will be announced in the June issue of Inc. Show More Summary
Last week, Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) handed in an excellent second quarter, emphasizing the strengths that it has as a business, and pointing out the road that it has ahead of it. Wall Street wasn’t blown away, and the stock dropped about 1% over the course of Friday. That’s OK, though, because Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) met expectations, [...]
Last week, Starbucks handed in an excellent second quarter, emphasizing the strengths that it has as a business, and pointing out the road that it has ahead of it. Wall Street wasn't blown away, and the stock dropped about 1% over the course of Friday. Show More Summary

Lloyd Flanders Weekend Retreat 3-Piece Grouping - S10
Release the stress and pressures of everyday life. Rediscover a time when the weekend really meant something, when it was a time to conncet with self and loved ones. Whether your ideal getaway is a bungalow in the storybook southland or a snug cabin tucked away in a mountain valley, The Weekend Retreat Collection from Lloyd/Flanders® offers you peace of mind and soul. Soothe both with a daycation right at home Classic and comfortable, The Weekend Retreat Collection combines lifestyles seating with traditional loom weeve for real end-of-the-week relaxation.
Weekend Retreat Frouping Includes:
- Loveseat in White Lloyd Loom Wicker with Citrus Sparkle - A Cushions
- Lounge Rocker in White Lloyd Loom Wicker with Citrus Sparkle - A Cushions
- End Table in White Lloyd Loom Wicker
- *Pillows Sold Separately
Since all furniture is built-to-order, it will take approximately 4 weeks before furniture ships from our location.
Please feel free to contact customer service at 877.504.4327 with any questions you may have.
Please view fabric from the link below:
Please view finish from the link below:

Today only, Plum District is offering a fantastic deal where you can get a $20 gift card to Target when four of your friends sign up for Plum District before the deal closes (which looks like it will be tonight at 2am CST).
To get this deal, go to the Plum District website and click the “Get it” button, then enter your mailing address and use the email template or social media links to tell your friends about Plum District. Easy peasy, right?
Your turn: Did you get your Plum District referral bonus? What’s the best deal you’ve gotten through Plum District in the past?
**Disclosure: Actions you take from the hyperlinks within this blog post may yield commissions for Pocket Your Dollars.com. See Pocket Your Dollars’ disclosure statement for more details.

Greenies® Dental Treats do not contain any chemicals and help control tartar and plaque buildup by mechanical abrasion. Tartar and plaque are the leading causes of periodontal disease and gingivitis. As your dog’s teeth penetrate the treat, scrubbing and scraping of the tooth surface naturally and easily occurs. The chewy texture allows your dog's teeth to sink into the treat with each bite, and the special rounded bristles wrap around each tooth for more surface contact. The unique shape of Greenies has valleys and ridges that are designed to direct your dog to areas that allow for maximum chewing, and efficiently cleans hard-to-reach areas in his mouth. Studies have shown that Greenies® help reduce tartar buildup by 54%, and plaque build-up by 12%, all within a month, with only one treat a day.
GREENIES® are formulated with high-quality proteins that allow the treats to be broken down and digested easily. The chews are filled with extra vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants to support your dog's immune system and encourage total health. Not only are these chews healthy, but dogs love the taste.
The key to maintaining your dog’s oral health is daily maintenance. With just one treat a day, you can cut down on tartar and plaque, and also help keep your dog's gums healthy. Teenie Greenies are the perfect size for puppies and small dogs.
|Size||teenie pack, 27 oz, 96 chews|
GREENIES® are enriched with vitamins and minerals, including calcium and vitamin D to help build strong bones and teeth.
Feed 1 Greenies® per day. Not suitable for dogs less than 5 lbs. or dogs less than 6 months of age. Fresh drinking water should always be available.
Gelatin, Wheat Protein Isolate, Glycerin, Pea Protein, Water, Potato protein, Sodium Caseinate, Natural Poultry Flavor, Hydrogenated Starch Hydrolysate, Lecithin, Choline Chloride, Minerals (Magnesium Amino Acid Chelate, Calcium Carbonate, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, Manganese Sulfate, d-Calcium Pantothenate, Potassium Iodide), Vitamins (dl-Alpha Tocopherol Acetate [source of vitamin E], L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (source of vitamin C), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Niacin Supplement, Vitamin A Supplement, Riboflavin Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Biotin, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride [Vitamin B6], Thiamine Mononitrate [Vitamin B1], Folic Acid), Dried Tomato, Apple Pomace, Vegetable Oil (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols), Ground Flaxseed, Dried Sweet Potato, Cranberry fiber, Potassium Sorbate (to preserve freshness), Taurine, Carotene, Chlorophyll.

1- Use double opt-in: Make sure that people receiving messages from you are actually interested and eager to receive messages from you. E-mail marketing, especially for small business, is more effective when people themselves opt to receive messages.
2- Motivate people to sign up for your updates with a bonus: As the conventional saying goes, if you want people to do something then ask them. Ask them to subscribe by placing a subscription forms. An additional bonus can improve the chance that somebody will sign up for your newsletter significantly.
3- Segment your list: The more specific your segments get, the better able you are to deliver content that speaks directly to their interests, making you a fixture in their inbox they don't want to get rid of.
4- Use a trusted and reputed e-mail marketing service: If you have more than 1000 subscribers, you will need the services of a professional e-mail marketing service, make sure that they have good reputation and they are not known for sharing subscriber information with 3rd parties.
5- Build a relationship: Although some would think email marketing is all about one-way communication, it is actually the best two-way communication tool. It is important to design and send emails that speak directly to your customers and match with their interests.
6- Use compelling subjects: Your subject should encourage people to immediately open your message. If your e-mail subject is uninspiring they will most likely ignore it. Remember that when somebody receives your e-mail message he or she can only see two things: who has sent the message, and what is the subject. Create a sense of urgency in the subject and offer something irresistible.
7- Keep your messages clear and relevant: Keep it highly relevant and clear to your subscribers. Use words that are proven within your industry or email list segment . Create a sense of urgency so that users will take actions and responses as quickly as possible.
8- Place clear Calls to Action: Make sure recipients of your email marketing message know what you want them to do (and what they can expect in return). At the end of the day, you want them to click-through to reach your landing page or do a specific action, so make it clear for them to see and click.
9- Offer a different communication method: Use your existing owned online and social media profiles together (ex. website, Twitter or Facebook, etc…). Include them in your email marketing copy so your customer know how to connect with all your online profiles.
10- Design newsletters with Mobile in mind: With the growing number of people checking emails on mobile devices there is also an increasing need to optimize emails for the small screen.
11- Track & Test: Analytics help you streamline your campaigns and improve their effectiveness. It is important to track, test and then use the insights to improve your email copy. For example, analytics can tell you on which day your contacts open your e-mail messages the most.
12- Know your best distribution timing: It is important to test different distribution times during the week to see what works best for you and your customers.
13- Stick to a schedule: Once you have decided to send your newsletter on a particular day of the week, stick to that schedule. Don’t just randomly send your marketing messages. This way they become used to hearing from you on a particular day.
14- Make it easy to “Unsubscribe”: Unhappy subscribers are worse than no subscribers. An easy and fail-safe way to unsubscribe is a way to make subscribers happy.
15- Make it easy to “Update” email address: Make it easy for your subscribers to update their information.
An e-mail marketing campaign evolves gradually. You can easily purchase or lease subscriber lists and start sending your messages from day one but this is not a long-term strategy. You must develop your own list because this is the most effective way of carrying out the persistent e-mail marketing campaign.

Media professionals interested in reporting on university-related stories are encouraged to visit the media newsroom.
October 8, 2007
In recognition of Domestic Violence Awareness Month, the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges will host "Reunification vs. Safety: A Town Hall Meeting on Child Custody Determinations in Cases Involving Domestic Violence," Friday, Oct. 12, 5-7 p.m., at the NCJFCJ headquarters, in the Continuing Education Building, 1041 N. Virginia St., on the University of Nevada, Reno campus. Panelists' presentations will be followed by discussion and a reception. The event is free and open to the community.
The public is invited to participate in the discussion focusing on how the court balances the competing interests of access versus safety of the child in family court cases involving domestic violence. In addition to discussing the difficult nature of these issues, Judge Michael Denton from Austin, Tex., will address the various uses of domestic violence in interpersonal relationships and how these can affect the judge's analysis of the access vs. safety issue. Denton will also address the statutory presumption that a person guilty of domestic violence should not have joint custody; and judicial awareness of the impact of domestic violence on children.
Other panel members will include a prominent Reno family attorney, a representative from the Reno's Committee to Aid Abused Women (CAAW) and a local news reporter.
The event is sponsored by the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges (NCJFCJ), the Second Judicial District Family Court, and the Committee to Aid Abused Women (CAAW).
For more information, contact the NCJFCJ, (775) 784-6012 or email email@example.com. Visit the NCJFCJ website at http://www.ncjfcj.org
Celebrating 70 years in 2007—Since its founding in 1937 by a group of judges dedicated to improving the effectiveness of the nation's juvenile courts, the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges (NCJFCJ) has pursued a mission to improve courts and systems practice and raise awareness of the core issues that touch the lives of many of our nation's children and families.
The NCJFCJ, headquartered on the University of Nevada campus in Reno since 1969, provides cutting-edge training, wide-ranging technical assistance, and research to help the nation's courts, judges and staff in their important work. During the past year, the NCJFCJ conducted or assisted in conducting more than 200 educational programs for more than 19,000 judges, court administrators, social and mental health workers, police, probation officers, and others working in the juvenile and family courts at its headquarters in Reno and throughout the country. In conjunction with the University of Nevada, Reno and the National Judicial College, the National Council participates in unique advanced degree programs for judges and other court professionals.

0verkill is a client-server 2D deathmatch-like game in ASCII art. It supports free connecting/disconnecting during the game, and runs well on modem lines. Graphics are in 16-color ASCII art with elaborate hero animations. 0verkill features 4 different weapons, grenades, invisibility, and armor. The package also contains reaperbot clients, a simple graphics editor, and a level editor.
AIME is a C++ MUD engine with an OO design, designed to provide utmost flexibility for the designer to create complex worlds. It has a fully-functional builder port, online interpreted specials code, and a flexible levels/quest/profession track system to allow the game owners to set up any world they can imagine.
The Alamin GSM SMS Gateway is a group of daemons that allows you to send/receive SMS messages from any GSM device that supports AT+ commands (GSM modems or GSM mobile phones) or supported by Gnokii. A client program allows you to send messages from any IP client. An SMTP interface is provided to allow MTAs to send SMS directly to the GSM network. IMP (Incoming Message Processor) modules allows you to extend functionality to implement banking, network administration, bd querys, etc. from a GSM mobile phone.
'App' is a preprocessor for C++ that accepts as input arbitrary C++ code that may contain embedded constructs for specifying algebraic data types and associated pattern matching operations, and produces as output the same code with all such constructs translated to normal C++. What app essentially does is provide for C++ pretty much the same capabilities that functional languages have regarding algebraic types. 'Applib' is the associated runtime library that supports the core run time requirements of the translated code, and which provides additional utilities (applib is covered by the LGPL).

You have a clear vision of your success! You have a plan to get there. Business owners and professionals often tell me they are doing all the right things so ” WHY is my vision not manifesting as they had envisioned it?” Our success is always manifesting precisely as we imagine it.
Expect Success NOW!
As a business intuitive I often see the thoughts a person has about their success. They may not be aware as these thoughts may be in the back of their mind. They may have feelings that are just below the surface. I find that business owners who see their success happening NOW see their success growing. Successful business owners fully expect to experience their success everyday!
Success Come From Within
I have seen very talented business owners and professionals with great plans and even a lot of cash not create success simply because they envision success in the future. This is simply false thinking, programming to see success in the future or it comes from invalidation and fear. That may be the fear of failure or not being able to succeed. For others it is the fear of success. There are many more possibilities.
One of my clients, Stephen, wanted to perform on Broadway. He arranged intuitive business mentoring with me to achieve this goal. So far this goal was just not happening. The first step was for Stephen to create a clear vision of his success on Broadway. Soon after his vision began to manifest. He auditioned in San Francisco for a major musical. He did so well they asked him to audition in LA for the national touring group. This audition also went well. He was asked to fly to New York to audition for the Broadway show. It was at this point that Stephen found his fears. He was in fear of this step and all the changes it would bring in this life.
Sara grew up in a family that loved boats so when the opportunity to buy a company that sold high-end yachts presented itself she jumped at the chance. She invested all the money she had and that she could borrow into the purchase of this business. In addition to her love of boats, Sara was also very business savvy, disciplined, organized, etc. and yet her business was not moving forward as she imagined it. During an intuitive consultation I saw a picture in her space that said she was too young, too new in the industry that she would have to put in her time before the money would flow. When I told her what I saw she laughed because she knew these thoughts were in the back of her mind. She cleared her thinking and her business immediately began to turn around.
Your Vision of Success Now!
Notice for yourself. Do you imagine your success as “Just around the corner”? Do you see it happening in the future? Do you believe that you are not ready for your success? Perhaps you believe that this or that has to happen before you can have your success? In all these beliefs we are keeping success from happening NOW!
Success is not a mystery that only a few have the key to. Success can often be a journey in self-awareness. Knowing what you want is the first step. Seeing it in your mind’s eye is next. Now notice your thoughts and feeling about your vision.
Take the time to meditate. Notice your thoughts about when you imagine your success happening. Clear your thinking and see your vision of success happening NOW!
Best wishes on your success!

photo by Emilio Sanchez
Want to wish all of you a happy and lovable Valentine’s Day!!
Spend it doing fun things, give hugs, wear red/pink lips, dress up, eat cupcakes, curl your hair, give a flower to each one of your loved ones, dance the night away and love everyone dear to you!
I love you guys and thank you for supporting me always!
ps- I was playing around with sparkles a couple of weeks ago and always wanted to make a heart while doing so… my friend Emilio captured it quite nicely!
Stay tuned for my new york photos; trying to sort them out!

Alaungpaya DynastyArticle Free Pass
Alaungpaya Dynasty, also called Konbaung, the last ruling dynasty (1752–1885) of Myanmar (Burma). The dynasty’s collapse in the face of British imperial might marked the end of Myanmar sovereignty for more than 60 years. (Some authorities limit the name Konbaung dynasty to the period beginning with King Bodawpaya in 1782 and continuing to 1885.) The Alaungpaya dynasty led Myanmar in an era of expansionism that was only brought to an end by defeat in the First Anglo-Burmese War of 1824–26.
By the 18th century Myanmar under the Toungoo dynasty (1486–1752) was fragmented: the Shan States to the north and east of Ava were as much Chinese as Burmese, while in the southeast the Mon people’s separatism had been rekindled by 1740. In 1752 Alaungpaya, a village headman in Shwebo (then called Moksobomyo; near Mandalay), organized an army and led a successful attack against the Mon rulers of the southern part of Myanmar. Alaungpaya led his armies southward, crushing all local resistance. Aware that his power rested on his ability to centralize his kingdom, Alaungpaya forced the rulers of the Shan States to accept his suzerainty. Advancing farther eastward, he attacked the Siamese kingdom of Ayutthaya (now in Thailand) but was forced to withdraw and was mortally wounded (1760) during his retreat.
In 1764 Hsinbyushin, third king of the dynasty, restored order and renewed the conquest of Ayutthaya, which he reduced to ruins in 1767 but which he was unable to hold for long. Hsinbyushin’s armies ranged far into the Shan and Lao states and the Manipur kingdom of India and four times defeated invasions of Myanmar by the Chinese. Hsinbyushin, intent upon pacifying the southern areas, was stymied in 1776. Bodawpaya (reigned 1782–1819), sixth king of the dynasty, was committed to the reconquest of Ayutthaya and mounted a number of unsuccessful campaigns against the Siamese. Bodawpaya also moved the capital to nearby Amarapura.
Under Bagyidaw (reigned 1819–37), Bodawpaya’s grandson and successor, Myanmar met with defeat at the hands of the British in the First Anglo-Burmese War (1824–26). During the succeeding years there was a gradual erosion of Myanmar territories as well as a weakening of authority. Tharrawaddy (reigned 1837–46) and his son, Pagan (1846–53), both weak kings, accomplished little in foreign or domestic affairs, allowing Great Britain to gain control of all southern Myanmar in the Second Anglo-Burmese War (1852). Under Mindon, an enlightened ruler (1853–78), Myanmar tried unsuccessfully to rescue its prestige. Friction developed between Mindon and British Burma, principally because Mandalay (Mindon’s new capital) resented the British presumption of suzerainty. Finally, when Mindon’s younger son Thibaw ascended the throne in 1878, only an excuse was needed for Britain’s total annexation of Burma; the Third Anglo-Burmese War (1885) accomplished this objective, ending the Alaungpaya, or Konbaung, dynasty on Jan. 1, 1886.
What made you want to look up "Alaungpaya Dynasty"? Please share what surprised you most...

It seems there are big perks to renting bikes to get around central San Antonio.
Bill Phillips lives about 2 miles away from the B-cycle station at the Pearl Brewery. He said he drives his car down to rent a bike almost every day and then cruises around the city.
"I really like the fact that I don't have to air up my tires or put my bike in my car or anything. It's ready to go," he said.
Paul Young said he's been taking advantage of the bike program since it launched in March of 2011.
"When I do jobs downtown, I can ride for free, ride the cycle and avoid paying parking, so that's another great benefit," he said.
Laurence Doxsey, the director of San Antonio's Office of Environmental Policy, said the bike program is proving to be a success.
He said about 100 bikes are checked out every day.
"It's still building but it is a very good performance," he said, "We are nationally in a leadership role in regards to how this is working here in San Antonio."
It's working so well, city council has approved adding $27,000 to the program for a total contract value of $1,287,746.
Right now, there are 23 bike stations
Doxsey said the money will add one more station and about 10 new bikes.
"It only gets better for those that use the system because you have more places to go with the bike in more places," he said.
The location of the new station hasn't been decided but Doxsey said it will likely be near the Westin Center downtown. He said it should be up and running in the next several months.
He also said a large project is in the works to add bike stations along the mission reach.
That project is being paid for with grant funds and should be complete at the end of the year or early next year.

Police block off the area around 57th and Lake Park for a suspicious package near a Metra Electric stop.
Update: Officials on the scene said both police and secret service alerts claiming the suitcase tested positive for explosive material were premature.
An alert from the Secret Service said that a K-9 unit made a positive hit on a suitcase that was discovered under the tracks of a Metra Electric train near 57th Street and Lake Park around 8:20 a.m..
The package was reportedly empty, but the U.S. Secret Service said the threat was actual and severe in an email blast. Officials on the scene walked back that alert, claiming the information was premature.
Belinda Lipscomb, who owns Cafe 57, called in suspicious suitcase as she was trying to open. A police source on scene confirmed that the package had tested positive for something but was empty . The source later retracted the statement.
Inbound and outbound Metra Electric trains were stopped at 57th and Lake Park while police investigated the package. Around 10 a.m. authorities gave the all clear signal for trains to resume after the package had been removed.
Train service should resume shortly.
Chicago authorities are on high-alert because of a deluge of NATO protesters in the city.

Families and Children Encouraged to Get Ready for Emergencies By Taking Three Simple Steps
September is National Preparedness Month in Oklahoma and the Oklahoma Office of Homeland Security (OKOHS) encourages families and children to get ready now for any type of emergency.
“Regardless of the type or size of the emergency, when it is happening to you, it is a very stressful time,” said Kerry Pettingill, Oklahoma Homeland Security Director. “That’s why we are encouraging all Oklahomans to take a few minutes now – before an emergency occurs – to get prepared. It’s easy to do and can only ease the anxiety when a crisis is affecting your family.”
To get prepared for emergencies, Oklahomans should do three simple steps:
1. Get a Kit of emergency supplies.
Have at least three days worth of emergency supplies for each family member including non-perishable food and water.
2. Make a Plan on how you and your family will respond to an emergency.
Before an emergency happens, sit down together and decide how you will get in contact with each other, where you will go and what you will do in an emergency. Keep a copy of this plan in your emergency supply kit or another safe place where you can access it in the event of a disaster.
3. Be Informed about emergencies common to your area.
Learn more about the potential emergencies that could happen where you live and the appropriate way to respond to them.
For more information on each of the three steps listed above, log onto www.ready.ok.gov.
Additionally, OKOHS is encouraging Oklahoman’s to help their communities prepare for emergencies by volunteering. There are a variety of opportunities to give back through the Oklahoma Citizen Corps Program. To learn more log onto www.citizencorps.ok.gov.
National Preparedness Month is coordinated in Oklahoma by OKOHS with support and assistance from a strong coalition of state agencies, volunteer organizations and private sector partners including:
Oklahoma City Thunder
Oklahoma City Redhawks
Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management (OEM)
Oklahoma Office of Faith Based and Community Initiatives
Oklahoma State Department of Health
Oklahoma Citizen Corps
“I encourage you to make the time this month to get ready,” said Pettingill. “Getting prepared for emergencies is a team effort and every Oklahoman is a member of the team.”
For more information on National Preparedness Month, contact Brook Arbeitman in the OKOHS at (405) 425-7293.
The Oklahoma Office of Homeland Security (OKOHS) is the State Administrative Agency (SAA) for U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding. To date, the State of Oklahoma has been awarded more than $171 million in DHS grant funding. OKOHS also manages the Ready Oklahoma campaign and the Oklahoma Citizen Corps Program which promote preparedness and volunteerism.

From the Sundance premiere of “Smashed,” screening in the U.S. Dramatic category, on Sunday, Jan. 22, featuring Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Aaron Paul, Octavia Spencer, Nick Offerman, Megan Mullally and Mary Kay Place.
Summary • Kate and Charlie like to have a good time. Their marriage thrives on a shared fondness for music, laughter . . . and getting smashed. When Kate’s partying spirals into hard-core asocial behavior, compromising her job as an elementary schoolteacher, something’s got to give.
Director • James Ponsoldt

Innovation in business
Mobile infrastructure revolutionized by new start-up in Chile
A group of U.S. engineers with seed capital from StartUp Chile have developed a unique way to lay pipelines at record speeds and low cost.
Tuesday, September 25, 2012
The TOHL mobile infrastructure has widespread humanitarian and industrial implications. Photo courtesy of TOHL / Facebook.
Four Georgia Tech students working with seed capital from StartUp Chile have conducted the first successful test of a simple yet ingenious technology that could improve untold numbers of lives.
Everyday in countries around the world, thousands of hours are spent collecting and delivering water to deprived areas with no permanent infrastructure. Not only does the practice place hardships upon communities, it is also inefficient, costly, and environmentally damaging when transport trucks are involved.
But this could all be about to change. Tubing Operations for Humanitarian Logistics (TOHL) has developed a technique whereby a helicopter can lay semipermanent pipe at record speeds and save up to 90 percent of the cost of traditional methods.
“The TOHL technology is very simple, we can’t believe no one has ever done it before,” Ben Cohen, President and Director of Operations at TOHL, said in a documentary on his project. “I don’t think people realise how revolutionary mobile infrastructure is. Think about a world with just landlines, no cell phones. That’s where infrastructure is right now, its permanent. TOHL is changing that.”
A swift and dynamic system, TOHL would be ideal for providing water for forest fire relief, or laying semipermanent pipes for industry uses such as mining.
However, at the heart of the TOHL philosophy is its implications for humanitarian efforts. Both the speed of disaster relief and access to water in underdeveloped parts of the world could all be revolutionized by this new technology.
TOHL worked in tandem with Chilean company Ecocopter to make the project happen, and the venture received US$40,000 in seed money from StartUp Chile.
This is not the first time funding from the initiative has born success. StartUp Chile projects continue to attract worldwide attention from entrepreneurs like Cohen, who quit his job in the U.S. to pursue his dream in Chile.
To help keep the life changing TOHL project moving forward, visit its Kickstarter campaign here.

Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel
Check rates and availability for this hotel
Find the best prices for Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel from our 10 partners. Show all partners
Travel Blogs from Hong Kong
My body is not very happy with me. It cannot figure out what day or what time it is. Within less than 48 hours, I flew from Rome to SF to Hong Kong, losing a day during the last flight. While in Asia, I am now 15 hours ahead of West Coast time, but I think I am still on Italian time because I keep waking up in the middle of the night wanting to …
I'm writing this entry a few days late (in Agen) - there just hasn't been time to waste sitting on a computer composing blog entries; far too busy. So, we'll see how my memory serves me.
Spectacular landing in Hong Kong last night during a thunderstorm. The "Red Alert" for lightning caused several hold ups with arrival at the airport, but …
Wow.....the weather is not good, raining. with China Airlines we finally arrive at hongkong international airport (Chek Lap Kok). The airport opened for commercial operations in 1998, replacing Kai Tak Airport, and is an important regional trans-shipment centre, passenger hub and gateway for destinations in China, East Asia and Southeeast Asia. …
Nei Ho, Arrived in Hong Kong at about 6.00. By the time we sorted out accommodation etc and got across to Kowloon it was pretty late. When we were about to land and flying over Hong Kong the smog from the place was unreal. One side of the plane was black and the other had blue skies. Checked into the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel and this place was …
How has this hotel rated in the past?
- Free High-Speed Internet
- Swimming pool
- Room service
- Wheelchair accessibility
- Fitness/Health center
Historical Traveler Reviews Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel Hong Kong
They claim an unforgettable welcome, but the greetings were rather bland at best. The Marco Polo Hongkong is right smack above the Ocean Terminal mall which is great for shopping fiends. And there's a great romantic view of Hongkong island--IF you walk down to the harbor. On the plus side: breakfast buffets were excellent--well-aged cheeses a definite yes; easy access to the shopping mall; concierge ready and welcome to you leaving your luggage in their bin for you to replenish with last minute finds right before you get picked up for the airport. A few pitfalls: a rather long walk to the nearest subway station, decor of a 'certain age' in the rooms (re 80's tastefully bland and inoffensive), noisy bathroom fixtures (the type you hear coming from the other room--sigh). The saddest part--they wouldn't give us a non-smoking room, despite the fact that we had a pregnant woman in our party who was struck sick by the stale smokey smell. Tsk tsk.
Buyer Beware, Check out what you are getting
I was looking forward to staying at this hotel after reading the positive reviews but was disappointed. I consistently felt that the staff to be feeling hassled when I approached with a request or question, especially the concierge! I expect that staying in a hotel of this calibre, I should not be feeling that things are too much trouble. Perhaps this may be in part be because not many were confident with their English laguage skills. Of course, the location is a good one, but the rooms are looking a bit jaded, especially the bathrooms, so if one is wanting a bit more luxury for your money, try elsewhere.
Stayed here based on other reviews, and they were right on the money! The room was exceptionally large, and beautifully decorated. The quality of the hotel and rooms is very important to us, as we are not "standard" people. This was truly value and met all our expectations vs. other rooms we have spent time in here. Hotel connects in inclement weather to one of the largest shopping malls in the world, including the Ocean Terminal for ships in port.
It's close to the Star Ferry, but not very close to the subway(MTR).
Loved this hotel
This was my 2nd trip to Hong Kong and this trip I brought my son, age 15. The hotel was great, wonderful service, awesome location, the trip desk in the lobby helped me book some trips to mainland China, and to some of the outer islands, and all trips were well worth the money and time. We had a private 'restuarant' on our floor and received a wonderful free breakfast each morning, and free hot snacks and drinks (including alcohol) each night. There was a private room with a computer and internet access which was reasonably priced. The room was beautiful, clean, large, and we loved it. The staff, especially the front desk and excusrion desk, were superb. Last time I was in HK I stayed at the Excelsior on the HK side, so this trip I wanted something in Kowloon. I would stay here again, although my son did not really HK!!
What they lack in style, they make up with sincerity
I travel a fair bit to the Greater China region for work, and also do my occasional shopping trips in HK. This is one hotel I feel very much at home.
First, its location next to the ferry terminal makes it unbeatable. Taking the Star Ferry is a must for me each time I am in HK, even if the MTR takes you to your destination a little wee bit faster. But going to HK without taking the Star Ferry is like visiting Paris without seeing the Eiffel Tower. The hotel itself is also near the Tsimshatsui MTR station, a short 5 minutes walk. But in summer, the hot sun, or even worse, the tropical cyclones, can make this 5-minute stroll into a marathonical chore.
Second, the service... ahh... what more can I say? The staff is just so fabulous, especially after knowing that I'm a return guest several times over. I am not a fussy person, and having grand lobbies, art pieces along the corridors and a plush spa aren't my priorities. But I do relish the feeling of being pampered. Maybe it's an ego thing, but the obliging nature of the hotel staff simply makes me want to return more. Their upgrade of me to a Harbour View room with a nominal fee, their throwing in of complimentary buffet breakfast, their running to me with an umbrella to shelter me when I wac caught in a typhoon... all these form nice memories of my many stays with the Marco Polo HK Hotel.
Third, the design and feel of the hotel is also comforting. I really recommend the Harbour View room (Note: some of the other rooms face a horrid old building and it really spoils one's mood). Although the windows look into the western part of the harbour instead of the whole harbour, the view is still fantastic! These Harbour View rooms are also big, with a walk-in closet! The decor has that certain period feel, with old but well-maintained furniture reminiscent of colonial-day HK or 1970s HK, before all that 1997 handover complications came about... Such a feel extends to the lobby and other parts of the hotel too.
But -- yes, there are lots of buts -- the downsides remain: the hotel is worn and tired, and in need of a refurbishment. It was undergoing some renovations the last time I was there in late 2004. But dunno if this is done now and how much different the hotel has become. Also, the grandeur of the Marco Polo HK has been eclipsed by more outlandish outfits such as the Ritz Carlton, Island Shangri-La and the soon-to-be-opened Four Seasons, all on HK island. Even in TST, the Marco Polo HK's peers like the Peninsula, Sheraton, the Shangri-La and Hyatt Regency have revamped their looks, with the Peninsula now in a class of its own. Regrettably, the Marco Polo HK seems trapped in 1970s style, and lagging far behind...
For me, the downsides don't quite matter, as I'm a sucker for old HK stuff, a la the days of Suzie Wong, Chan Poh Chee, Siu Fong Fong and Fung Po Po. As long as the Marco Polo HK satisfies my needs of a proper business centre with broadband access, a Harbour View room, a comfortable king-sized bed, sincere service because I'm a returning guest and the perfect location, I will keep coming back to stay each time I am in HK.
We were very impressed with this hotel.
The staff were always very pleasant and allowed us to check in when we arrived at 8am, some 6 hours before we were supposed to.
The room was very spacious with beautifull decor - the amenities were first class. We had a fantastic harbour view.
The location is fantastic - as a tourist its better to stay on Kowloon and have the great view accross to Hong Kong Island to look at each night whilst going out for a walk and a meal. 1 minute away from the Star Ferry Terminal.
Didnt eat at the hotel - however there seemed to be a good choice of restuarants available according to your relative budget.
Good location- but a few problems ?
i have recently spent 8 nights at the marco polo hong kong which is in a good location in regards to the shopping and access to the star ferry...but....it did have a few problems. Firsly i would not recommend travelling dueing the chinese new year as a lot of wealthy chinese come and stay at the marco polo and we did not on arrival get the harbourview room that we had been promised instead we looked out at an ugly building site and had to complain and did not get to move till 3 days later. Also during chinese new year for up to 3 days most of the shops are closed. The alcoholic drinks and tea and coffee are also very expensive and we could not eat in the hotel restaurants on may nights due to the locals booking out the restaurants which was a bit disappointing. We had spent a lot of time walking and several times on arrival back at the hotel all we wanted was a nice meal and we had to go out again and buy mcdonalds which was pretty bad. i have never not been able to eat at the hotel restaurants in any other hotels that i have stayed in which was a bit sad. We have travelled extensively through asia and think this hotel did not have a lot of character but on a plus it did have rather large comfortable rooms....i'm don't think if we go back to hong kong we will stay at the marco polo again
Best in HK (Kowloon)
My favourite hotel in HK, and the one I try to stay at on every visit. Location, harbour views, service and rooms are all top class. Concierge desk was always willing to go that extra mile to help. Easy walking access to Star Ferry, MRT and Nathan Road shops.
The room decor is classy and they are tastefully appointed, and large.
I would (and do) recommend it to anyone visiting HK.
I have also stayed in the Marco Polo Gateway (just up Canton Road), which is older and a little more tired looking, but very well run and a great place to stay if your budget doesn't extend to the Marco Polo Hong Kong
Great Hotel! Wonderful Location
This is a great hotel. I've stayed here twice with my most recent trip being May 2004. I am a sticker for a great location and this has it. It's right alongside the Harbor City Shopping mall and a very short walk to the Star Ferry. You can easily reach them through the lobby and out the side door. The room we got was very large and had a huge bathroom. Maid service was excellent and the concierge desk in the lobby was always extremely helpful. (If you want an excellent view of the nightly laser light show on Hong Kong side, go to the 6th floor car park.) They also have a fabulous restaurant in the lobby where you can have afternoon tea or a 3 course lunch for a reasonable price. The street exiting the main door is Canton road and it is very safe to go walking out at night. There are alot of restaurants you can choose from. I think this will be my one and only hotel choice whenever I visit Hong Kong. They are the best!
Great location, great hotel
We stayed in the Marco Polo Hongkong in December, 2003 for a week (with an overnight stay in Macau.) We were thoroughly pleased with the hotel.
The hotel is located at the tip of Kowloon peninsula right. By jumping on the Star Ferry next to the hotel, we could be in Hong Kong in minutes. Two blocks north was the China Ferry Terminal for our trip to Macau. Three blocks away was the subway so we could wander up into the suburbs or transfer to a train to see the New Territories and the great museum up there. We could wander to the Peninsula Hotel for tea, or go to the Intercontinental for cocktails as we pretended we were jet-setters. If we weren't up to braving the streets, we could always wander through the mall below the hotel and people-watch or poke around in its supermarket to see what the locals bought. I couldn't imagine a better place to stay.
The hotel's a pretty standard business-class hotel, just with a great location. The staff was great; they gave us a room soon after we arrived on an early-morning flight from the States. When we took an overnight trip to Macau, they kept one of our bags and did our laundry, and returned both to us promptly when we returned. Both our rooms (a standard room and an upgrade to a suite) were modern and clean, but both looked out on other buildings -- this is Hong Kong, after all!
Hotel food: we ate at the (included) breakfast buffet each morning; it was fine, with a nice mix of Western and Asian breakfast items, and as much variety as we'd find at any other hotel catering to the business crowd. For other meals, we didn't eat much in the hotel. We mostly ate out in Kowloon or (maybe I shouldn't admit this) in the food court at the mall under the hotel; the food court wasn't bad. We did eat at the Eastern Palace Chiu Chow restaurant in the hotel; it was fine, but I suspect we didn't fully appreciate our meal. It also reminded us a lot of chinese restaurants we might find in California (although not with the Chiu Chow specialization.) "The Chinese Restaurant" at the Hyatt was a better choice as tourists, as their prix fixe banquet menu ensured we'd get a special meal with all the items we might not normally order.
Great place, I'd stay there again and will recommend it to friends. We used a Cathay Pacific package (hotel-only, as we were using frequent flier tickets) to get a decent $125/night rate for the room.
If you visit Hong Kong, take the time to wander out to the New Territories and see the Hong Kong Heritage Museum. It's a nice museum, and the trip out to the suburbs gave us a great idea what Hong Kong might really be like as a resident. The Hong Kong Railway Museum's few displays might also be worth a visit, but wandering between apartment blocks and along the streets of Tai Po was also memorable! The Hollywood Plaza mall at the Diamond Hill MTR stop (also near the Chi Lin Nunnery) gave us a movie fix on our vacation. The mall is also worth a visit because although it looks just like any mall in Kansas City or Atlanta, you'll never find a food court where almost *every sign* is in Chinese, with no roman characters. If you get desperate, the Japanese restaurant had some english signs. :-)

[riched32/tests] Correct a test to better show the behavior
paul.vriens.wine at gmail.com
Wed Jun 10 06:24:56 CDT 2009
These tests didn't prove much as the initial window was big enough for
the text not to wrap anyway. There was also a duplicate test.
Maybe what I've added is too much but it shows that the W2K+ behavior is
- adding text to the window still wraps regardless of the windows being
- resizing the window doesn't change the wrapping.
The Win9x/NT4 behavior (and Wine currently) is to change the wrapping
regardless of the windows being visible or not (when setting the text
and when resizing).
Correct a test to better show the behavior
-------------- next part --------------
An embedded and charset-unspecified text was scrubbed...
More information about the wine-patches

Tennessee Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey is expected today to announce he’s seeking input from the legal community and the general public on what reworked state judicial district maps should look like.
Tennessee’s judicial districts have not been redrawn since 1984. And with districts set to elect their district attorneys general, public defenders and state trial court judges this August, some powerful figures in the General Assembly are saying that this legislative session represents the best chance to improve the efficiency of the districts through redistricting.
“The last time our judicial districts were updated Waylon Jennings and Michael Jackson were at the top of the charts,” Ramsey told TNReport in a statement. “Tennessee is a far different place that it was in 1984. Formerly rural counties have become thoroughly suburban, and our suburban counties now confront problems similar to urban areas. We desperately need to take a fresh look at this judicial map to ensure Tennesseans receive the best possible service from their judges, district attorneys and public defenders.”
At a forum sponsored by the Associated Press last week, Ramsey said Tennessee’s judicial districts are “completely out of whack.”
Ramsey added that he isn’t particularly looking forward to the undertaking. He indicated the process of legislative redistricting last year was a bigger headache than he’d anticipated.
“Really, there’s no political upside to this,” the East Tennessee Republican said. “It is something that I just think is good government and efficiency and making sure that the judiciary operates as efficiently as we do.”
Ramsey also said that, in addition to the public at large, he is requesting input from those that would be directly affected, such as the Trial Judges Association, the District Attorneys General Conference and the Tennessee Bar Association.
Officials with the state’s Administrative Office of the Courts have said they have no opinion on redistricting, but Ramsey has said that the process will likely be controversial.
The debate over judicial redistricting is not a new one. Unlike legislative redistricting, it is not mandated by the Tennessee Constitution. And since the mid-1990s — about 10 years after the last redistricting — state officials have been debating how best to go about it — or whether to do it at all.
In 2007, the Comptroller’s Office awarded a $126,522 contract to the Justice Management Institute and George Mason University to conduct a study of potential judicial redistricting in Tennessee (pdf).
The five-page report after the study came to this conclusion: There was no need for redistricting, but more study was needed.
From the report: “Only a few people provided any thoughts about potential benefits, namely the creation of more time available to justice professionals to process cases, lower caseloads and reduced travel time.”

Wonder Invisible Thread; very strong with little stretch; 9 yds per bobbin; can be used for beading and jewelry making. Directly from the master of beading: Mill Hill
Customers who bought this product also purchased ...
Mill Hill - Bestsellers
Products to consider - Suggested according to what other customers are viewing now
Top > Haberdashery & Acc. > Useful things » Nymo Thread White From: Mill Hill

Fernandina Island is the third largest, and youngest, island of the Galapagos Islands. The island is an active shield volcano that last erupted on Friday, May 13, 2005. The southern flank of the volcano had a fissure eruption that generated flows, which subsided within hours. This is the youngest and westernmost island of the archipelago. It was named in honor of King Fernando of Spain, who sponsored the voyage of Christopher Columbus.
On the 14th of February 1825, while anchored in Banks Bay, Captain Benjamin Morrell recorded one of the largest eruptions in Galapagos history at Fernandina Volcano. His ship escaped to safety and his account of the event was preserved.
Fernandina has an area of 642 km² and a height of 1,476 meters (4,842 feet), with a summit caldera about 6.5 kms wide. The caldera underwent a collapse in 1968, when parts of the caldera floor dropped 350 meters. A small lake has intermittently occupied the northern caldera floor, most recently in 1988.
Due to its recent volcanic activity, the island does not present much plant life and it has a rather gray ambiance. Visitors to Fernandina Island will be taken to see only the outside skirts of this crater for safety reasons. Punta Espinoza is a narrow stretch of land where hundreds of marine iguanas gather in large groups on black lava rocks. The famous flightless cormorant inhabits this island as well as penguins, pelicans, and sea lions. Two types of lava flow can be observed, 'A'ā and Pāhoehoe. Mangrove forests also abound on the island.
JOURNEYS trips that include Fernandina:
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey aboard the Alta
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey aboard the Coral I & II
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey aboard the Eclipse
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey aboard the Eric, Flamingo & Letty
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey aboard the Evolution
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey aboard the Lammer Law
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey aboard the M/Y Grace
Galapagos Wildlife Odyssey for FAMILIES aboard the Eric, Flamingo & Letty
Information based on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernandina_Island

Create An AccountForget Your Password?
Many Aspire, Few Attain
NavPress' mission is to advance The Navigators’ calling by publishing
We are committed to serving people by facilitating and motivating spiritual growth through
products that are biblically rooted, culturally relevant, and highly practical.
8:00am to 7:00pm EST
PO Box 35002
Colorado Springs, CO 80935

|06-11-2009, 12:17 PM||#1 (permalink)|
Join Date: Apr 2009
I was just wondering something about manifesting, or what you consider to be true about it...
When you want to attract something into your life, say a relationship with a special person or even anything else..would I be right in thinking that rather than visualizing the perfect partner or whatever...it's better to simply be open to the universe granting your desires?
I know that in me there is a lot of resistance I have inside, that needs dealing with, in order to open myself up more.
|06-11-2009, 07:19 PM||#2 (permalink)|
Join Date: May 2008
Location: Going from Somewhere to Elsewhere
Partial answer, maybe: I'd guess that the less 'demanding' you are with your manifestation target, the less prone you'll be to creating a sense of pressure along with it.
|06-13-2009, 09:24 AM||#3 (permalink)|
Join Date: Dec 2006
Location: I'm a traveler everywhere and nowhere.. currently in Denver.. where else?
My answer to you is absolutely = YES
Specifics are bad.. they force your manifestation into a narrow window and can even mean it can't happen because your too specific and perhaps too unrealistic.. (unrealistic here described as beliefs in reality the thing we somewhat struggle with)
I won't say you can't get specific if you can line up with that manifestation fine it can happen.. but if you leave things open in manifesting.. you do allow the universe to move faster, quicker and react better.. an easier way I think to do a specific idea is to throw it out there and leave it as best you can than in the illusion that is time, it will randomly pop in and you will remember your intention sometime during the experience..
As of lately I prefer the term “no expectations”
|Thread||Thread Starter||Forum||Replies||Last Post|
|How to open my Third Eye||darkw0rker||Psychic & Paranormal||22||09-25-2011 08:43 AM|
|Very Important life lesson; to open or not to open... your mouth!||Power||Personal Effectiveness||11||07-16-2011 12:02 AM|
|How to Open the Third Eye?||dECLAN||Spirituality, Consciousness, & Awareness||20||11-28-2008 02:11 AM|
|Who do you open up to?||tefaroko||Social & Relationships||4||10-06-2007 07:06 PM|
|being open - how do i?||ballaholic||Social & Relationships||6||07-24-2007 07:52 PM|
All times are GMT. The time now is 03:44 PM.

I'm compelled to ask because I find this interesting, but I noticed that you chose your real name as your super hero identity. Why is that?
What are you talking about?
Paper or plastic?
Paper. Plastic doesn't hurt anyone.
Favorite kind of pizza?
I hate pizza.
Worst thing to get stuck up one's nose?
If you had to choose between living with one toe or one finger missing, which would you pick and why?
One toe. I don't even notice those anyway.
What is your opinion on the League of Nations imposing sanctions on Italy in retaliation to its 1935 invasion of Abyssinia, or present-day Ethiopia, but neglecting to impose any sanctions on vital wartime resources such as oil? Do you think military force should have been used instead of sanctions? Who should have been the guaranteer? Do you think that the Japanese invasion of Manchuria during this same time period had more or less effect on discrediting the League than Italy's invasion of Abyssinia? Why or why not?
I. Don't. Care.
If you had a day to yourself, with nothing planned and no obligations, where would you go, or what would you do?
The same thing I do every Saturday and Sunday.
I heard Fenier swallowed a country the other day, surgery gonna take care of that?
No. Not likely. Though we'll try anyway.
And the World Serpent got tied in a knot somewhere around Italy, what do you propose to do about it?
Is that the same thing as Snake Way? If so, what's it doing in this dimension?
Respect with blossom if you answer these questions knowing full well WTF I'm talking about.
I don't, but I was never a fan of that show anyway.
I've noticed a severe lack of the famous Loki controversial/crazy opinions in the LoT while super ganny seems to be moving full steam. I have 2 questions for you.
1. Have you gone soft?
2. Do you mind if I call Super Ganny the new king of controversy?
First of all, there's nothing to say in the LoT anymore because everyone by now, except idiots like Deku and a few others, know I'm joking most of the time. And Super Ganny is not controversial, he's a stupid little kid that thinks it's cute to claim he made a religion about Legend of Zelda, and no one believes him, we just humor him because we're pretty damn sure he's wearing a helmet over there in his padded room with nerf on all the sharp corners.
Order your favourite to least favourite homunculus.
If you're talking about Fullmetal Alchemist, I don't have favorites. If you're talking about something else, I don't know what you're talking about and therefore have no opinion.

15/12/12 - The GT Cup Championship is set to produce even more thrilling sports car action in 2012 following the announcement of a 23 race calendar which includes visits to the UK's premier circuits.
Bute Motorsport's popular GT Cup Championship enjoyed a highly successful 2011 season which it hopes to develop with an expanded race schedule and new regulations permitting GT3 cars into the championship. Last season Irishman Andy Ruhan lifted the overall title after an intense season long battle with David Tomlin.
Running under the banner of MotorSport Vision Racing (MSVR) for another season, the GT Cup Championship will comprise 23 races beginning and ending at Donington Park. The championship will visit Silverstone, Brands Hatch Indy and Brands Hatch Grand Prix along with trips to the Snetterton 300, Oulton Park and Scotland's Knockhill. Each round apart from Oulton Park will host three races of varying lengths and the championship title will be decided by competitors' best results from 16 of the 23 races.
GT Cup Championship founder Marc Haynes said: "It's a great calendar. We're going to Donington Park twice which is always good and we are back at the Brands Hatch Grand Prix circuit. New for 2012 will see the GT Cup Championship head up to Scotland to tackle the Knockhill circuit for what should be a really special event. I'm pleased with the progress made with the championship for next season, its early days still but I'm looking forward to next year."
New for 2012 is the eligibility of GT3 homologated cars which include the Porsche 997 GT3 and the Ferrari 458. The GT Cup Championship has also appointed a new competition manager with former BTCC team owner Philip Boland joining the championship to share his expertise. Car equalisation will undergo a change with the use of a chassis dyno which will be deployed at GT Cup Championship events.
GT Cup Championship 2012 Calendar
28/29 April - Donington Park (3 Races)
12/13 May - Silverstone National (3 Races)
16/17 June - Brands Hatch Indy (3 Races)
30 June/1 July - Snetterton 300 (3 Races)
21 July - Oulton Park (2 Races)
18/19 August - Brands Hatch GP (3 Races)
8/9 September - Knockhill (3 Races)
6/7 October - Donington Park (3 Races)

The ancient Egyptians worshipped hundreds of gods and goddesses who controlled all aspects of daily life and the forces of nature. Some were known throughout Egypt; others were sacred to certain towns.
Anubis was a jackal-headed god who was associated with death. He supervised mummification and was the guardian of the cemeteries.
This Anubis pendant is made from lead-free pewter and is 22ct gold plated and is supplied on a waxed cord. The information card is full colour on the front and has historical information on the reverse.

Probabilistic Choice in Optimal Product Design
Coauthor(s): Ricardo Montoya.
Methods for identifying optimal product concepts using conjoint analysis typ- ically assume a deterministic, first-choice rule. As a consequence, these methods: (i) ignore uncertainty in preference estimates when evaluating new product concepts; (ii) force the assignment of a single "status-quo" item to each consumer; and (iii) allow an estimate of the expected market share, but not the associated variability in choice probabilities across consumers. We describe the mathematical representation of a problem concerning optimal product design that allows consumers to make probabilistic choices. We then describe a solution procedure that generalizes a previously-known dynamic-programming algorithm to accommodate probabilistic choice rules. We examine the performance of the proposed algorithm in both a simulation and an application. We assess in the simulation how well the proposed heuristic performs in identifying an optimal or near-optimal product concept using a probabilistic choice rule. We compare these market share predictions with those obtained using a deterministic choice rule, and find that the difference in the two predictions (i) increases with the number of attributes and attribute levels, and the number of alternatives in consideration sets; and (ii) decreases with the heterogeneity in consumer preferences. We describe an application of the proposed method for designing television sets. As in the simulation, we find that ignoring preference uncertainty changes market share predictions. We find near-optimal product concepts that have similar expected market shares but different distributions of choice probabilities across consumers. Among these, product concepts with a higher variance in the choice probabilities are better from the standpoint of defending market share against new products that might be subsequently introduced in the market.
Source: Working Paper
Kohli, Rajeev, and Ricardo Montoya. "Probabilistic Choice in Optimal Product Design." Working Paper, Columbia Business School, 2007.

Moving away from packaged items and overly processed foods as much as I can (with my current resources) I decided to “clean up” my son’s favorite meal.
After a few misses, most notably buckwheat pancakes- which everyone hated(YICK!), I found simple from-scratch recipe from allrecipes.com that looked easy enough to make even healthier. They turned out fluffy, though not as light as white flour pancakes seeing as whole wheat (ww) flour is much more dense. Also, a lot cheaper in the quantities I needed!
I was able to add in a few healthy things, and also leave out some of the not so healthy stuff.
(add any fruit in the batter or topics you like!)
1 cup whole wheat, or flour of your choice. I used 1/2 ww, 1/2 white all purpose flour
2 Tbs baking POWDER (this will help the pancakes fluff a bit)
Dash of salt
2 Tbs sugar, or equivalent of whatever sugar substitute you like
*whisk dry ingredients briefly
Add 2 Tbs no sugar added apple sauce (in place of oil)
1 lightly beaten egg (or egg substitute like Egg Beaters)
1 cup of milk of your choice (any fat content, almond, soy or rice milk)
Mix together. Add flour if the batter is too thin for you liking, likewise with milk if it’s too dry. Pop onto your griddle as normal!
*VIOLA* A healthier alternative to America’s favorite breakfast!
Makes 4-6 medium size pancakes. Double the recipe for more.
TIP!~ If you have an empty ketchup bottle, keep it! After it is cleaned, you can dispense the perfect amount of batter on the griddle this way and store any left over batter for the next day!!
1/2 tsp of MILLED flax seed can be added for extra fiber!
I did half/half with my flour because I only have the most basic whole wheat flour at my disposal. The consistency is just too dense and grainy with the type of flour I have to do all ww. Unbleached flour is of course much healthier as it has not been processed and lost most of it’s nutritional value. I used what I had.
I am still learning the differences in how food is processed, so I will just share some links so you can read and decide for yourself what flour you’d prefer to use.
I have transitioned my family into a simplified version of a “clean eating” diet. Namely, I try to by as fresh and whole of foods as I can find with my limited resources. If I must by packaged foods, I make sure that the ingredients have as little chemicals and man made ingredients as I can get with that product. For things we consume quite a bit of, I have tried to create my own versions of these recipes.
I am working on an upcoming post on ways I eased us into eating this way and how I incorporated some healthier options for us. I have LOTS of recipes, tips and tricks that I have picked up and want to share!
*Also coming up:
~My Favorite DIY Laundry Detergent!
~All Natural & CHEAP Fabric Softener

In partnership with CBSSports.com
Online Now 1280
On this Board 843Record: 4156 (12/1/2012)
Online now 1240Record: 7224 (2/22/2012)
The place to talk about the Texas Longhorns
The place for off topic discussion on Hookem
You have no favorite boards.
Check me out on twitter: http://www.twitter.com/247Blake
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from
time to time, with the blood of patriots and tyrants".
247Sports In partnership with CBS Sports

A Twitter friend (and fellow photographer) will be vacationing in Lago Vista this summer and wanted a list of places to eat and wanted to know what Sandra Bullock owns. @lanikhong: @AsYouWish Japanese, American, TexMex, BBQ. Something different that no other cities would have. &little unique shops too if you don’t mind. So, armed with
There is no excerpt because this is a protected post.
Ack! 2012 has started off with a bang. This must be what runners and racers feel all the time….except we are sprinting through January instead of December. So, here’s a collective update. The Move Last year, our rent went up almost 10% and added some fees, too. We knew it would happen again (we heard
To all our family and friends, Happy New Year! We wish you a prosperous 2012.
Tuesday was like any normal day…except that I ended up with staples in my head. At lunch, I went to visit my doggie BFF. Our routine is a quick walk (In spite of being a greyhound, he’d have it no other way.), followed by some couch time, and then back in his crate with an
Thanks to @idodoodle, we have now seen a Blue Lime (Internet Cafe) in the Philippines. Yay for the “franchise”! Now, if we could only get them to pay their fees…. hmmmm? “Czech” it out!
Two years ago, I was far to ill to attend Thanksgiving–my third favorite holiday. I tried to get Emil to go to Bryan without me, but he wanted to stay here and take care of me. yippie. j.k. Actually, he was quite kind to check on me but otherwise leave me alone… I think he
You aren’t anonymous on the Internet. This should come as no surprise to anyone who has ever used Google or facebook. If you comment on my blog, I can see what city you are in. I even have a vague-to-accurate address (depending upon several things). If you ask me for help with something and then
I expect–nay demand–good sportsmanship from college and professional athletes and their fans. It is NOT acceptable that a Miami player punched a North Carolina player in the groin this year. It is NOT acceptable that Aggies vandalized the UT campus over the weekend. It is NOT acceptable that Tech vandalized Aggie buses earlier this year.

A record fifty ballots were returned in the recent FCIL SIS election. The nominees for Vice-Chair/Chair-Elect and Secretary- Treasurer were both elected without dissenting votes. (Biographies of the candidates appear in the following article.)
The Executive Committee for 1995/96 consists of:
FORWARD to next article: Nominees
BACK to the Contents Page.

5 months ago , it costed in Holland €269,- . It plays also vids and pics of my 2 computers . Then I use a cable to a router , nothing else !!
|Network support||LAN / WLAN|
|Supported DVDR formats for playback||DVD-R / DVD-R DL / DVD+R / DVD+R DL / DVD-RW / DVD+RW / DVD-RAM?|
Review this product
Did you notice incorrect or missing information? Submit us corrections for these details
Do you have questions or comments regarding this product? Use our discussion forums to find out more about this and thousands of other products.

Offer valid on purchases of $75 or more in the same order shipping to the same address. All White Glove Nursery Furniture Delivery fees and item surcharges still apply. Gift cards, gift wrap, taxes and prior purchases do not qualify toward the minimum purchase requirement and offer cannot be applied to such items. Offer applies to standard shipping only, and not valid for rush or international shipping. Promotion code may not be combined with other coupons, discounts or offers. Offer valid for a limited time only.
Even babies need to stay on-trend! That's where we come in... At giggle, we scope out the season's hottest fashions for babies and toddlers from some of the biggest names in baby...
Even babies need to stay on-trend! That's where we come in... At giggle, we scope out the season's hottest fashions for babies and toddlers from some of the biggest names in baby — like Tea Collection, Zutano, egg by Susan Lazar, Splendid, and more — to bring you the best looks we find, straight from the runway. From stylish rompers and adorable infant bodysuits to cool toddler t-shirts, sweet dresses, and stretch leggings, we know how to spot the trends when we see them. (And more importantly, we know what kids love wearing -- and feel good in!) Because we want little ones to feel just as comfy all day as they do stylish, most of our clothing picks are responsibly made with 100% organic cotton, so you can be sure your baby or toddler's clothes have the added bonus of being healthy, too. Love our picks? We do too! Read all about our giggle Criteria or learn more or shop our Gift Finder for more great presents. see less
giggle.com offers the best in baby gift registry and baby products. Our collection includes all your must-have baby items, pre-sorted to include only the most healthy, stylish and innovative products available — from fun, bright bedding and furniture to gear, toys, baby care, cleaning products, and more.

PILOT MOUNTAIN — East Surry’s Madison Moore shot an 82 to win the Northwest Conference Golf Tournament Wednesday.
Regular season matches cover nine holes, but for the conference final, the girls played all 18 holes at Pilot Knob Park.
Moore came into the day 15 strokes behind North Surry’s Kasie Tolbert in the player of the year race.
She opened with a 42 on the front nine, while Tolbert struggled a bit to post a 46.
North Coach Daniel Johnson said Kasie was having issues with her swing.
She felt like she had a fundamental problem with her timing, getting her hips and shoulders working in unison, he explained.
There is a fine line between scoring a par and a bogey, he noted. A putt might roll just short, or a bad bounce in the fairway can make a player lay up instead of going for the green. Kasie wound up bogeying nearly every hole on the front nine.
On the turn, however, Tolbert improved and shot a 39, the lowest score of the day for either nine holes.
Still, she couldn’t make up ground on Moore, who was tied with her on the back nine until the final hole and finished with a 40.
Playing with them was South Stokes’ Megan Mabe, who posted a 41 and 42 to finish second at 83.
North’s Gatlin Hiatt shot 40 and 44 for an 84 to tie for third place with the Sauras’ Brooke Kiger (44 and 40).
Gatlin had one of her best days, said Johnson. This was the first time this season that she beat Kasie for the team low.
Tolbert’s 85 placed her fifth, while South Stokes’ Brooke Martin was sixth with an 88.
None of the other 12 players on the course came close to those scores.
The Sauras’ Maggie Abbott was seventh at 98. Teammate Nicole Rogers was eighth with a 102. Tying for ninth place were three players with a 103: Brooke Bowman and Elizabeth Shelton, East Surry, and Sarah Holleman, North Surry.
East Coach Chad Freeman said that Moore played well — just not quite as well as she wanted to do.
This season, the sophomore has run into a barrier trying to reach the 30s and had a 40 on the back nine, he said.
She already has a nice game, and she’s barely 15 years old, he pointed out. Any flaws she has in her game now are more mental than physical. That’s to be expected since she’s so young going against 17- and 18-year-olds, he added.
With its strong performance by all five players, South Stokes easily won the team competition. The Sauras scored a 255, well ahead of North Surry’s 272 and East Surry’s 288.
Mount Airy didn’t have enough players to post a team score because of scheduling conflicts.
The match was supposed to occur on Monday, but rain caused a delay, said Bears Coach Tommye Phillips.
Unfortunately, Mount Airy held PSATs Wednesday, and Lauren Hodges and Erica Carlisle were knocked out of playing.
Catherine Scott shot a 109 (55 and 54) for the Bears, and Nina Bowers had a 119 (59 and 60).
In the regular season, the teams use a shotgun start where threesomes are spread around the course and start simultaneously.
However, the regional event next week uses a PGA-style format where players start from either the first tee or the 10th and wait their turn to begin. So, the conference tournament used that format to prepare the girls for regional.
Pilot Knob Park will host the regional Monday as well. Play begins at 9 a.m. for the 1A/2A Central Regional Tournament. About 55-56 girls are qualified to participate.
Reach Jeff Linville at firstname.lastname@example.org or 719-1920.

The History Of Ketchup
It all started when the Chinese mixed some herbs together and created a very nice tasting concoction of pickled fish and spices. By early 1700s, the table sauce, which was immensely popular in China gained fame elsewhere like in Malaysia. That is where it was discovered by the western civilization, England. The English fell in love with this sauce, in 1740s. It spread from there on like the Spanish flu but it wasn’t lethal like that disease. One of the places it spread to was, at the time one of the British Colonies. The 12 colonies, the United States, the inhabitants there mixed it with some tomatoes and till this day they have been like that ever since.
Others never thought of it because for most of the 18th century and before, Tomatoes were thought to be poisonous like their relatives Belladona and nightshade plants. But when the sauce made it to the colonies new discoveries favored the Tomatoes true nature, a safe healthy fruit.

If I copy some text from another source like a word doc or email, and try and paste into this message field, the system will not allow me to do this. The only options that present themselves are "Insert link, Image, Alignment, insert table".
And if I write something within this message field and then select and copy and then try and paste this section somewhere else within this message, the system will not allow it.
This is EXTREMELY annoying.
Why Why why ??!
Opine your favorite editor.
Type you text.
Use the <Ctrl>+A key combination to copy your text.
Use the <Ctrl>+C key combination to copy your text.
Go to reply box.
Sent cursor in the reply box.
Make sure the cursor is in the box.
Use the <Ctrl>+V key combination to paste.
Y9u have to use the key combinations for pasting as the web browser's menu options are not available within the reply box.
And how do you cut and paste?
First of all what do you mean by 'favourite editor' ?
And why on earth would i need to do all this? It should be simply right click and the option to cut , copy or paste should be available to you without having to do all that <ctrl> +A key rubbish.
And if these options arent available within the reply box, then Adobe should fix this blindingly obvious shortcoming.
And as for cut and paste, I just highlight what I want to copy or cut and the paste it .
I belong to many forums and this is the first forum that does not allow you to paste text from another source.
> First of all what do you mean by 'favorite editor' ?
How many editing programs programs d you have on your computer?
Windows come with edline,Notepad, and WinWord. Then you can add MS Office. OpenOfficeorg, NotePad++, TextPad and others. Not to include the the editors in all of the possible email programs you could be using.
> And why on earth would i need to do all this? It should be simply right click and the option to cut , copy or paste should be available to you without having to do all that <ctrl> +A key rubbish.
Since this reply box does not support a menu item with a cut and paste menu or tool option, it is the only method available.
If you do not like it, maybe you should run this site for Adobe.
I am aware of many forums that do also do not have menu items or tools for cutting to and pasting from the OS clipboard.
Your problem should be directed to the administrator of this forum and not the other users.
>Your problem should be directed to the administrator of this forum and not the other users.<
You should have explained the fact that the right click on mouse for 'copy, cut and paste' functions were not available in this forum right at the begining rather than trying to be smart with your initial comments i.e
"It works for me!
Maybe you need some patience!
For what you are paying for this service, and what I am bing paid, I would rather not have to explain every possible way to perform a very common task.
I copy several hundred lines of data on a regular basis and the key board shortcuts are just easier.
Also many times user systems need some time to fully download a web page and set up the display on a client system before one can even start to type. You clearly did not communicate your issue clearly enough.
However with reference to my previous messages, I dont understand why the right click mouse options of 'copy, cut and paste' have been disabled. I feel that using shortcut keys or the browser edit functions is a bit of a retrograde step. In fact, the options in the menus bar within the message window already have insert link, insert image and so i dont understand why these are duplicated why I right click my mouse within the message field. Also I have to be specific where I right clickmy mouse othwerise I get a much bigger drop down menu list.
looks like admin understood my query immediatley and without the confusion that you apparently had. Their response was
"This turns out to be a 'known issue" with Jive. They don't have a date set for a possible fix, but suggest using CTL-V to paste. They also said it might be possible to hit the enter key a couple of times and then the Right-Click paste function should come back."
I also dont think that the shortcut key method is always the most efficient.
Europe, Middle East and Africa

“A law that makes it easier for Americans to gain access to mental health and substance abuse services is working to get patients hospital care, but rapidly rising out-of-pocket costs could deter many from treatment, new research indicates.
A new study from the nonprofit Health Care Cost Institute showed a 19.5 percent increase in hospital admissions for substance abuse treatment in 2011, which was the first year most employers began adhering to new rules finalized for the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, which was passed by Congress and signed into law in 2008 by then President George W. Bush.
For example, the average price paid by an employer and worker for a substance abuse admission in 2011 was $7,230 with the consumer’s share of out-of-pocket costs at $889, or 12 percent of the total cost. Meanwhile, the average price paid by an employer for a “medical/surgical” admission in 2011 was three times that, or $20,103 but the co-payment was more than $100 cheaper at $796, or just four percent of the share of out-of-pocket costs.”
The Forbes article can be accessed at: http://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2013/02/27/mental-health-law-increases-access-to-substance-abuse-treatment-but-costs-rising/
The Health Care Cost Institute report can be accessed at: http://www.healthcostinstitute.org/news-and-events/press-release-impact-mental-health-parity-and-addiction-equity-act-inpatient-admissi
Source: Forbes.com – February 27, 2013

The Definitive List (Just Kidding)Jan 5, 2004 Write an essay on this topic.
The Bottom Line The bottom line? Greatness in film artistry is as immutable as it is in painting and music, because it is right there to be seen and heard.
These are not in any particular order, because to try and order them would be an exercise in insanity not to mention hubris. Here are the ten films I believe collectively represent the pinnacle of cinematic achievement:
1. 2001: A Space Odyssey - Kubrick's masterpiece and arguably the greatest film ever made. It offered two things not seen before in film: A genuinely mind-bending experience and a scientific metaphor for God.
2. Lawrence of Arabia - David Lean's best film, and along with Spartacus that rarest of things: An unembarrassing epic. Also, the moment when Lawrence blows out the match and it becomes the sun above the sands of Arabia is one of the greatest scene transitions ever put to film. Last but not least, Peter O'Toole's magnificent performance...and Omar Sharif's....and Anthony Quinn's....
3. Dr. Strangelove Or, How I Stopped Worrying and Learned to Love the Bomb - Forget Kubrick, forget Sellers, forget the detail in Ken Adams amazing production design. Here's an example of the triple-canopy brilliance of this film's script, the thing that distinguishes this film: General Ripper describing how he withholds his "precious bodily fluids" from women to an RAF Officer named "Mandrake." Why is this brilliant? Because the legend of the mandrake root is that it only grew beneath men who'd been hung, and men who are hung ej*aculate one last time, said seed dripping down into the ground from which would spring the mandrake root. Now THAT is deep satire! And Terry Southern and Kubrick had the brilliance to put that in the script as a throw-away!
4. Vertigo - Hitch's best, in my opinion, and one of the best films ever made about romantic obsession. Then there is Jimmy Stewart's unusual (and unusually intense) performance, and the tragedy at the heart of the plot.
5. Intolerance - D.W. Griffith did things in this film that have to be seen to be believed, especially if you want to believe they were achieved in 1916. His innovations with the camera were bravura, as was his sense of scale. This film could not be exactly re-produced today without costing in excess of a billion dollars.
6. Annie Hall - Yes, that's right: Annie Hall. Why? Because it is Woody Allen at the peak of his powers, because it manages to encompass every type of comedy in a virtuoso melding of script, performance and direction, and because it is arguably the funniest American movie ever made. Kentucky Fried Movie, Young Frankenstein and Duck Soup come close, but miss by a cigar.
7. Seven Samurai - Mifune directed by Kurosawa when both were at their best, in a film the plot of which has been mimicked over and over. Its influence alone makes it worthy of inclusion.
8. Citizen Kane - Well it had to be here, didn't it? No list of this sort is complete without a genuflection at the Altar of the Boy Genius, even though this reviewer believes that even at his best Welles wasn't half the filmmaker Stanley Kubrick was on the rare occasion he was mediocre. Nevertheless, there was enough new in this film, and enough of it is still fresh, to warrant continued inclusion on anyone's list of the Ten Greatest.
9. The Wild Bunch - Sam Peckinpah's triumph, this tremendous achievement is in my opinion the greatest Western ever made. Forget Hawkes, Ford and the rest; Peckinpah learned from them, took the best from them and discarded the hackwork, and created a bombastic gem that does the impossible: Make you believe that a bunch of cut-throat outlaws would sacrifice their lives for someone else. And it's epic in scale besides, something all those other "auteurs" lauded by the wannabes at Cahiers du Cinema never attempted much less accomplished.
10. The Godfather & The Exorcist - I know I'm cheating, but I really do believe both of these films belong in the Top Ten list, because they are the greatest of their respective genres and two of the great American films ever made.
|Read all comments (4)|Write your own comment|
Ads by Google
Unlimited Movie Rentals 99¢ Each For Your 1st 30 Days When You Try The All-New M-GO. Sign Up!
Top Ten Best Ever Films Search for Top Ten Best Ever Films With 100's of Results at WebCrawler

Exile who is great with sampling and remixing, takes Michael Jackson’s Thriller, and do something crazy with it. I wish the audio was better.
Exile makes a beat in front of a crowd the same he would at his home studio.
Exile shows off his new toy, the VTech WiFi Internet Radio. Exile is know for finding samples off the radio, and records them directly into his MPC.
Exile is most known for producing a album from sampling off the radio alone.
I’m a fan of Exiles creativity. He speaks of making beats in the car sampling off the car radio.
This makes me miss my MPC =-(